===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. My name is Leyla, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome you to the eBay First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your speaker.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us for eBay's first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'll remind you that during this conference call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect organic FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, all earnings per share amounts reflect earnings per diluted share, unless indicated otherwise. During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 30, 2025. We do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. We started off 2025 on a strong note as our Q1 results came in ahead of expectations across all key financial metrics despite a dynamic operating environment. Our gross merchandise volume grew by nearly 2% to approximately $18.8 billion marking our fourth consecutive quarter of positive GMV growth. Revenue increased over 1% to $2.58 billion. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew by 10% to $1.38, and we returned approximately $760 million of capital to shareholders through repurchases and cash dividends. Before I discuss our Q1 results in greater detail, I'd like to acknowledge the significant developments around cross-border trade since we last spoke with you. Tariffs and changes to certain customer requirements in the U.S. have created significant uncertainty for small businesses while concerns over escalating prices for imported goods have weighed on consumer confidence. As more of these new trade policies are implemented, we are focused on helping sellers and buyers navigate these changes with as little disruption as possible. Our SpeedPAK shipping program manages much of the complexity of international shipping for CBT sellers across several of our largest corridors while ensuring compliance with customs regulations in both origin and destination countries. Items shipped through SpeedPAK also have tariff duties included in the total price at checkout, creating greater transparency for buyers. For non-SpeedPAK purchases, we are managing expectations for buyers by educating them on the new costs, information requirements and potential delays associated with international shipments. This includes messaging on the view item and checkout pages on eBay as well as localized information pages with up-to-date guidance amid rapidly changing policy. While our business is not immune to increased cost and friction associated with tariffs, our dynamic global supply and demand is an advantage in this environment. Our extensive selection of pre-loved and non-new in season goods across a variety of categories can also help mitigate the pressure on consumers' discretionary budgets during periods of rising costs. Now let's turn to the key drivers of our Q1 results. Focus category GMV grew by over 6% in Q1 and now makes up more than 1/3 of our total volume globally. Collectibles was the largest contributor to growth for the second straight quarter as year-over-year GMV growth in trading cards accelerated for the ninth straight quarter. This growth was supported by continued innovation on behalf of trading card hobbyists building on what we believe is the industry's leading value proposition. Our strategic partnership with collectors and its subsidiary PSA continues to yield benefits for our marketplace. The PSA storefront on eBay has already sold more than 0.5 million trading cards since PSA launched a seamless integration, enabling its customers to consign cards on eBay in Q3 of last year. In January, we incorporated PSA data directly into the item page for graded trading cards, enabling potential buyers to see the full population of cards at each grade level, allowing them to more easily evaluate their rarity. This delivered on a key request from hobbyists and feedback to this change has been extremely positive. At the end of March, we launched an entirely new capability for buyers looking to purchase trading cards on eBay and have them ship directly to PSA for grading. This saves the buyer time and effort spent on submitting grading paperwork themselves and reduces costs as one shipping leg is eliminated. Grading services from trusted third parties like PSA are a key use case for trading card enthusiasts as grading helps them maximize the value of their collections. Our fashion category generates more than $10 billion of GMV for eBay annually. Over the past year, we've significantly improved the customer experience for luxury fashion, pre-loved apparel and streetwear enthusiasts. We launched AI-powered shopping experiences like Explore and Shop the Look. We expanded our inventory coverage for authenticity guarantee and tapped into new sources of supply in international markets. And we continue to drive consideration of eBay in fashion and reinforce our value proposition of trust and selection through full funnel marketing including earned media reach through our cast of eBay influencers and partnership with Conde Nast. In Q1, we launched U.S. preloved apparel as a new focused category on eBay, as we made significant improvements for sellers and buyers in this category. We continue to increase trust by introducing enhanced condition grading standards for apparel during Q1. We recently launched a new AI-powered discovery experience for fashion shoppers in the U.S. and U.K., which offers a more immersive and engaging browsing experience. We replaced static browse pages with endless feeds organized by theme or subcategory with dynamic visuals and interactive elements. These feeds progressively load content as users go down the page, and are flexible in accommodating varying content formats, such as autoplay video, curated compositions, eBay Live events, promotions and relevant eBay store funds. Throughout 2025, you'll see more innovation in fashion as we work towards solidifying our platform as the trusted destination for pre-loved branded fashion products, where customers can truly shop head-to-toe across a breadth of brands and price points. Our geo-specific initiatives are another key building block for growth in 2025, most notably our consumer-to-consumer initiative in the U.K. As a reminder, in Q4, we introduced a suite of new capabilities to upgrade the U.K. C2C experience, including significantly reducing friction to stimulate consumer selling. This initiative has materially improved our C2C GMV trends versus our prelaunch baseline and has outperformed our internal expectations to date. We reached a major milestone in Q1 and with the introduction of our U.K. buyer protection fee in February, which significantly narrowed the initial monetization gap. After introducing buyer-facing fees in the U.K., C2C GMV growth and other KPIs have remained significantly higher than their prelaunch baselines. We continue to ramp our managed shipping offering in the U.K. which dramatically simplifies shipping for C2C sellers while reducing costs and improving trust for buyers. In Q1, we enabled sellers to offer free shipping and added the flexibility for them to select carrier preferences. In Q2, we plan to add pickup and drop-off capabilities that are very popular among U.K. consumers as well as support for larger bulkier items. In recent weeks, we began to gradually mandate adoption of managed shipping in the U.K., starting with new and occasional C2C sellers. At full scale, we expect managed shipping to close the remainder of the monetization gap in C2C drive significant value for customers and create a new source of revenue and operating income for eBay. Our teams continue to leverage artificial intelligence to make our marketplace more efficient and intuitive. At the end of Q1, we rolled out a simplified AI-powered listing flow to all C2C sellers in the U.S., U.K. and Germany, which integrates our magical listing technology and product knowledge graph. Sellers now start their listing with photos and a title, and we leveraged generative AI to identify the exact product in our catalog or filling relevant item aspects wherever possible, including the description. This listing flow also includes a more intuitive step-by-step process to review product details, pricing and shipping information before finalizing the listing. This new listing tool is resonating well with sellers as customer satisfaction rates are 90% or higher across each market, and it's also having a positive impact on our business. We've observed significant increases in completion rates and new and reactivated listers while meaningfully reducing the average time spent on listing. We've also seen measurable increases in sold items and GMV per listing attempt. Our Magical bulk listing tool also continues to drive powerful results for B2C sellers after launching in the U.S. for all categories. This tool has more than halved the average listing time versus our previous book listing tool, giving sellers more time to run their businesses. Magical Bulk Listing has already emerged as the most commonly used tool for listing sports trading cards contributing to a significant increase in the average weekly listings in that category. In February, we expanded this tool to B2C sellers in the U.K. and Germany and have seen similar improvements in average listing times. We're focused on making listing on eBay as simple and as easy as possible because we believe it will unlock a significantly larger total addressable market in e-commerce. Advancements like Magic Listing have demonstrated significant progress toward that goal, and we will continue to invest in making listing even more seamless in the quarters ahead. Turning next to advertising. In Q1, our first-party advertising revenue grew 14%. Active Promoted Listings increased sequentially and made up over $1.1 billion of the more than $2.3 billion total listings on eBay at the end of Q1. Over 3.7 million sellers adopted a single Promoted Listing product during Q1. Our first-party ad revenue growth remained broad-based during Q1. Promoted Listings general ads were the largest contributor to year-over-year growth as we launched several optimizations to make ads on the View Item page more personalized and relevant driving increased engagement. Promoted offsite ads continue to gain adoption. And during Q1, we launched several improvements like automated image optimization technology to maximize impressions for a seller's listings. Promoted Listings priority adds also contributed to growth as we increased coverage of cost per click units across more of our existing ad services. Within payments and financial services, we continue to focus on adding new forms of payment on eBay to expand by our choice, improve conversion and optimize our payments mix. In April, we expanded our partnership with Klarna to offer buy now, pay later solutions to our U.S. customers. We're seeing encouraging early results with average order values on U.S. Klarna transactions more than 3x the market average. In the U.K., adoption of eBay balance continues to ramp among C2C customers, and has already captured a low single-digit share of wallet for U.K. GMV overall. In addition to carrying zero cost of payments, eBay Balance is driving incremental purchase behavior as it encourages sellers to spend more of their earnings on eBay. We also recently announced the addition of Checkout.com as a new payments partner. Additional acquiring partners make our payments platform more resilient and enable us to optimize our authorization rates. And importantly, they strengthened our ability to deliver fast, reliable and frictionless payment experiences to our 134 million customers globally. In closing, in Q1, we delivered our fourth consecutive quarter of positive GMV growth amid ongoing uncertainty in the global economy. Our strategy is working and has put us on a path towards sustainable long-term growth. Today, we also announced some changes to our leadership team. This will be Steve's last earnings call with eBay. I want to personally thank Steve as he has been an exceptional partner during a period of significant transformation. His leadership helped guide us through the uncertainty of the pandemic and laid the foundation for the strength and resilience we see in the business today. I am deeply grateful for his contributions and wish him the best. As Steve transitions, we are excited to welcome Peggy Alford as eBay's incoming CFO on May 12. Peggy brings more than 20 years of experience leading finance, operations and global teams in the technology sector. Peggy has a proven track record of building strong organizations and driving operational excellence. Her leadership and expertise will be tremendous assets as we continue to position eBay for the future. In addition to the CFO change, eBay is evolving its leadership structure designed to fuel faster innovation, deep and cross-functional collaboration and position the Company for long-term growth in a rapidly evolving digital and AI-powered landscape. We are bringing together product and market teams into a more integrated agile structure designed to enhance speed, alignment and customer centricity across the organization. This new organization will be led by Jordan Sweetnam, Chief Commercial Officer. We are also consolidating engineering into a single organization, reflecting a broader ambition to operate with greater speed and drive operational scale. This new combined engineering and technology organization will be led by Mazen Rawashdeh, our Chief Technology Officer. I want to congratulate both Jordan and Mazen on their expanded roles. As part of this evolution, Eddie Garcia, Chief Product Officer, will be leaving eBay. I am deeply grateful to Eddie for his outstanding partnership and visionary leadership in shaping our product strategy which is significantly advanced eBay's offerings and customer experience. He has built a world-class team, and his legacy positions us well for future success. Before passing to Steve, I want to reiterate my gratitude for his leadership and contributions over the last four years. Thank you, Steve. Over to you.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie. It's been a privilege to serve as eBay's CFO. I am proud of what we've accomplished. I'm incredibly optimistic about eBay's future prospects. I look forward to ensuring a successful transition with Peggy over the coming weeks. Now turning to our Q1 results. In the first quarter, we exceeded expectations across our key financial metrics. GMV grew nearly 2% to $18.8 billion. Revenue grew over 1% to $2.58 billion. We delivered non-GAAP operating income of $771 million and grew non-GAAP earnings per share by 10% and to $1.38. In addition, we returned approximately $760 million to shareholders through repurchasing cash dividends. I'll take a closer look at our financial performance during the first quarter. Gross merchandise volume grew nearly 2% to $18.8 billion on an organic FX-neutral basis. We continue to navigate an uneven demand environment with shopping activity more muted in February and improving in March. Golden added roughly 30 basis points to total FX-neutral volume growth in the quarter while foreign exchange was nearly 130 basis points of headwind to spot GMV growth. Our growth rates in Q1 also included a net headwind of 50 basis points due to lapping the extra leap day in 2024, partly offset by the timing of Easter. Focused categories were a key driver of GMV, growing over 6% in the quarter with positive growth contributions across trading cards, motors, parts and accessories, luxury goods, refurbished and apparel. Moving on to our geographic performance. U.S. GMV grew nearly 0.5 point in the first quarter, driven by focused categories, in particular, our trading cards business. As a reminder, we report GMV based on the location of the seller. If we were to look at volume based on the location of the buyer, U.S. growth was slightly higher than our international markets in aggregate. International GMV grew nearly 3% on an FX neutral basis in the quarter, while FX was nearly 250 basis points of headwind to spot growth. The macro environment in our international markets has been weaker than the U.S., particularly in Germany and the U.K. However, the investments we made in C2C in both markets over the last two years have improved our growth trajectories compared to the prior baseline and help mitigate these market-wide headwinds. Shifting to our biometrics. Our trailing 12-month active buyers grew over 1% to 134 million in the first quarter. Enthusiast buyers were roughly 16 million and spend per enthusiast buyer grew slightly year-over-year. and remained at over $3,100. Next, I will discuss our revenue and take rate. We reported Q1 revenue of $2.58 billion on an organic FX-neutral basis, representing over 1% growth and an acceleration from Q4. Foreign exchange was a nearly 50 basis point headwind to spot growth. Our take rate was roughly 13.8%, increasing nearly 10 basis points year-over-year. Our U.K. C2C initiative pressured overall take rate by approximately 30 basis points in Q1, which was offset by advertising and financial services contributions and an FX tailwind of 10 basis points. Total advertising revenue was $442 million in Q1, representing GMV penetration of nearly 2.4%. In Q1, we included ad revenue generated by our platform marketplaces like Q10 and TCGplayer in our total reported advertising revenue for the first time. We've included details on the prior year baseline for comparability. Excluding off-platform ads, total advertising revenue would have grown by 12% to $426 million. First-party adds on the eBay platform grew over 14% to $418 million. Our third-party display ads declined by 41% to $8 million as we continue to deprecate these legacy ad units. Moving on to profitability. Non-GAAP gross margin declined by over 0.5 point with headwinds from depreciation expense and traffic acquisition costs related to promoted offsite ads, partly offset by cost of payment efficiencies. As a reminder, we extended the useful life of our servers and networking equipment in 2024, which benefited our margins last year that created a headwind for 2025. In Q1, this depreciation headwind pressure both gross and operating margins by nearly 70 basis points. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 29.8% in Q1, down 0.5 point. In addition to depreciation operating margin was pressured by our U.K. C2C initiative on a year-over-year basis, partly offset by 40 basis points of foreign exchange tailwind. Our non-GAAP earnings per share grew 10% and to $1.38 and GAAP earnings per share grew over 25% to $1.06. A higher GAAP earnings growth rate was primarily due to the lapping of investment losses a year ago. partly offset by a slightly higher GAAP tax rate this quarter. Shifting to our balance sheet and capital allocation. We generated free cash flow of $644 million in Q1 and hold cash and nonequity investments of $6.2 billion at the end of the quarter. After paying down $800 million of senior notes during March, we had gross debt of $6.7 billion on our balance sheet. We repurchased $625 million of eBay shares during the first quarter at an average price of nearly $67. We also paid a quarterly cash dividend of $134 million in March or $0.29 per share. Our equity investments were valued at over $1.1 billion at the end of Q1. The majority of this value is our private stake in earlier with approximately 8% ownership valued at nearly $900 million. Moving on to our outlook. As Jamie noted earlier, tariffs and other trade policy changes have created significant uncertainty for our sellers and buyers. Quarter-to-date, we have observed healthy volume trends due to strength in our focus categories and what could be a modest pull forward of demand from consumers worried about increased costs and complexity at U.S. customs in the near future. To account for a variety of scenarios in the remainder of the quarter, we are providing wider-than-usual guidance ranges for Q2. We expect GMV between $18.6 million and $19.1 billion for the second quarter, representing FX-neutral growth between negative 1% and positive 2% year-over-year. This includes an expected contribution of approximately 20 basis points from Golden and roughly 50 basis points of headwind due to the timing of Easter. Based on current exchange rates, we estimate FX would represent roughly 180 basis points of tailwind to spot GMV growth. We forecast revenue between $2.59 billion and $2.66 billion in the second quarter, implying negative 1% to positive 2% total FX-neutral growth. Based on current exchange rates, we estimate FX would represent roughly 170 basis points of tailwind to spot revenue growth. On a sequential basis, we expect take rate to improve driven by a full quarter of contribution from our U.K. C2C buyer protection fee and ongoing managed shipping ramp. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to be between 27% and 27.8% in the second quarter. We expect headwinds from managed shipping, the depreciation policy change and M&A-related expenses to be partly offset by an FX tailwind. We forecast non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.24 and $1.31 in the second quarter representing year-over-year growth between 4% and 11%. Next, I'll share some perspectives on the full year. Based on the trends we have observed year-to-date, our full year commentary remains unchanged and contemplates a range of scenarios for tariffs and the continuation of an uneven demand environment we have been navigating for many quarters. We are planning our business around these key assumptions for 2025 and investing for the long-term health of our marketplace. However, more severe outcomes for tariffs or a significant deterioration in the U.S. macro environment, would push us toward the lower end of our ranges or make it challenging for us to deliver on these targets. For 2025, we expect to generate low single-digit GMV growth on an FX-neutral basis driven by our focused categories, geo-specific investments and horizontal initiatives. We forecast revenue growth modestly higher than GMV for the full year on an FX-neutral basis, driven by advertising, shipping and financial services. We continue to expect non-GAAP operating income growth to be relatively in line with FX-neutral revenue despite absorbing several unique headwinds on to non-GAAP operating margin year-over-year. We forecast capital expenditures to be between 4% and 5% of revenue for the full year and expect our non-GAAP tax rate to remain stable at 16.5%. Our outlook for free cash flow remains unchanged. Because we have a number of unique tax considerations resulting in 2025 tax payments of over $1 billion related to investment sales last year, repatriation tax and timing of R&D credits. Excluding these unique tax items, normalized free cash flow is expected to be comfortably north of $2 billion. In regards to capital allocation, we are targeting share repurchases of at least $2 billion in 2025 while maintaining the flexibility to lean in opportunistically when appropriate. Our Board also declared a quarterly dividend of $0.29 per share for Q2 to be paid in June. Based on these assumptions, we still expect our non-GAAP earnings per share growth in the high single digits for 2025. In closing, our teams have done a tremendous job executing on our strategy, leading to a strong start to 2025. I'm proud of the strong financial foundation we've established together over the last four years as we reorientated the business towards sustainable long-term growth. It's been a true honor to work with such extraordinary people and serve this vibrant community, and I look forward to chairing on eBay's continued success. And with that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll be utilizing the raise hand feature. If you'd like to ask a question, simply click on the raise hand button at the bottom of your screen. [Operator Instructions] Please limit to one question and one follow-up before jumping back in the queue. Thank you. We will now pause a moment to assemble the queue. Our first question will come from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: I'll kick it off by saying thanks to Steve for all the help and always enjoyed all the interactions over the years. So, thank you, Steve, and good luck going forward. In terms of looking out over the full year, I think the main question we're getting from investors right now with respect to the commerce landscape, and I would love to understand how you're thinking about it philosophically or how you factored it into the forward commentary would be how to think about demand elasticity in an environment where pricing might be going up a lot? And how elements of prior period experiences might inform the way you brought that either to your commentary for this year or other ranges of probabilistic outcomes you're thinking about as we go through 2025?
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Eric, I'll start. This is Jamie. So, the macro environment, I think, remains uncertain and difficult to predict, but we've been contending with uneven demand for many quarters, which, I think, frames our Q1 results and our outlook in an even more positive light. I think as it relates to the overall demand elasticity in the macro environment, on a relative basis, we're confident that eBay is in a strong position as our vast global seller base can really leverage the CBT shipping solutions we have and adapted changes in trade policies, and we expect buyers to gravitate towards our non-new in season inventory, especially during periods of consumer pressure. To your question about prior periods, it's what we've seen before, which is at times where I think consumers are more uncertain and are looking for a value, eBay tends to be more resilient because of what we have on the marketplace. Over 40% of our goods now are used to refurbish and that business is growing meaningfully faster than new goods on the marketplace. Frankly, we also see in prior periods that it's an opportunity for us to acquire new sellers onto the marketplace because what it does is people are looking for value, they come out of the marketplace and then they may need money to sell things and eBay is a great environment for that. So last thing I'd say relative to prior periods, and we saw this during COVID is, because we have such a vast seller base, we tend to be a bit more -- our sellers tend to be a bit more nimble and adapt to changes a little bit more quickly because there's no kind of their ability, they're smaller, they can be a bit more agile, and that's what we've seen in the past.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nathan Feather with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nathan Feather: Hey, everyone. And first off, Steve, it's been great working with you. So, looking forward to what's next. Maybe just a lot of questions, especially on China tariffs and what the impact might be on a sustained basis. I guess, can you provide some color on how big China-based exporters are on eBay, at least in terms of the China to U.S. trade route, the potential to maybe shift some demand to inventory from other regions? And then any way to contextualize the potential sourcing risk for non-China-based sellers who still source from that region?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, our business is not immune to the increased costs from tariffs and the friction associated, but we remain confident in our ability to support our community. Let me size things for you, Nathan, to just help a little bit there. Our Greater China to U.S. quarter makes up about 5% of total GMV for us. And China overall is a little less than 10%. But about 3/4 of that business of the 5% coming from China to the U.S. is forward deployed to the end markets. So, it's already subject to tariffs. And so wouldn't be subject to any changes in de minimis based on the cost of the items. The other half of the inventory or the one quarter that's not forward deployed -- about 50% of that uses a shipping solution that we've helped create, which is called SpeedPAK. And what that does is it really incorporates all of the tariff complexity and customers complexity right into the shipping solution it makes it a lot easier for the seller. And from the buyer perspective, they see full transparency and they're paying for that directly in checkout. And I suspect with incremental changes, we'll see even more sellers. It's been 50% for a while. We'll see even more sellers take advantage of the shipping solutions that we provide. I think overall in the marketplace level, we do see the benefit of having kind of goods and inventory all over is we do see a substitution across the across the marketplace. And so that is available for buyers, but we also feel like the tools that we provided to sellers in all of these shipping solutions, et cetera, provide great solutions and buyers can ultimately decide if new quarters seem more attractive to them.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nikhil Devnani with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Nikhil Devnani: And Steve, thanks for all your help. It's been great working with you. With respect to advertising revenue, are you seeing any impact from tariffs on that portion of the business, particularly from your China-based merchants that maybe buy ads? And can you also speak broadly to the durability of this revenue stream even through different macro environments? How deep are the auctions such that if one category of sellers might pull back someone else steps in to plug the hole. How should we think about that dynamic?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. We have strong demand across the board for our advertising business, and we continue to drive kind of increasing penetration of the user base. now over 3.7 million sellers have adopted a single ad product Nikhil. And we have 1.1 billion live broader listings out of our nearly $2.3 billion. I would say we've seen no material impact on our advertising to date. We've seen strength across the board in our Promoted Listings General, our CPA product, our CPC-based product, and I talked a little bit on the call about promoted offsite and some of the new innovations that we have there from that perspective. So overall, we're pretty pleased with the performance of advertising. And our ad demand is very distributed across a large celebration, a large number of products. So, we feel good about the ongoing opportunity that we have in advertising.
Operator: Our next question will come from Colin Sebastian with Baird. Please go ahead.
Colin Sebastian: Alright. Great. So I appreciate the opportunity. I guess well, first, Steve, also, it's been a pleasure working with you and wishing you all the best. Jamie, first off, a lot of attention, I think, is turning to the concept of Agentic Commerce and you guys are in front of us a bit with really some of the tools you have in partnerships. But I'm curious, in your seat, how you think ultimately consumer staffing behavior changes and the world in the e-commerce marketplace of platform. Mean, if agents are doing more of the steam and be on behalf of consumers? And then Steve maybe on the outlook, I guess I'd be curious.
Jamie Iannone: Hey, Colin, just real quick, you came across pretty muffled in that, and I want to make sure I get your question right. Can you try again on the question there?
Colin Sebastian: So hopefully, you can hear me. I'm in transit. But I was just curious in the view on Agentic Commerce and ultimately, how that [indiscernible].
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So, I think I roughly got your questions around Agentic Commerce. What I'd say is of the pieces that we're building internally already, we feel great about the progress that we're making. So, if you look at -- let me take magical listings, for example, over 10 million unique sellers have used that product to create over 200 million listings, and that's generating several billion dollars of GMV. We continue to use Agent Technology across our marketing, across our customer support et cetera, to really drive efficiencies in how we work. We've launched some new Agentic tools and Shop the Look. This quarter, I talked about a new discovery platform that we've launched in fashion associated with AI. And we've also announced a number of kind of early tests that we're doing, one with OpenAI around exploring, making our inventory available to more shoppers with the work that they're doing as well as some small tests we haven't really talked about yet that we're testing with our own Agentic technology. So, I think across the board, if you were inside this organization, it's more likely to ask which teams are not leveraging AI or how we're not thinking about it in the customer experience because at this point, it's pretty broad-based in how we think about leveraging the AI capabilities for both our customer experience and in how we work.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ross Sandler with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ross Sandler: Just going back to a previous question. So, it sounds like the China quarter is 10% for China sellers who are kind of labeled and then you've got 40% or over 40% secondhand. So that leaves kind of half the GMV U.S. or European or whatever the location of these other sellers may be -- do you have any sense of how much of those sellers' products do get sourced from China? I know it's probably a tough thing to figure out, but I'd just be curious if you guys ever look at that. And then I guess more broadly, there's always fears about consumer pullback that might happen or may not happen later this year. Your business is quite a bit different than the last time we've had any consumer weakness given the growth of collectibles and not just trading cards, but you've got more luxury, you've got speakers. You've got a bunch of other larger categories at GMV. So, I guess as you guys pencil out these scenarios, how do you see eBay holding up in a recession scenario this time around versus maybe other times in the past when some of these categories were a bit different?
Steve Priest: Steve here. I'll pick up the first one and then I'll flip to Jamie to take the second question. You're right. So, as we -- as Jamie reiterated earlier, about 5% of our global GMV goes from the Greater China to the U.S. corridor. Your point about our used and refurbished inventory on the platform is just over 40% of everything we sell, which we see as a real competitive advantage and the strength as consumers are continuing to look for value in this environment. With regards to other listings across the overall platform, there is additional volume on eBay from U.S. sellers who source products from Greater China, and these sellers would need to navigate tariffs similar to our CBT sellers. And as you can imagine, we have contemplated a number of scenarios, as we've sort of thought about our business and continue to plan our business, and this impact has been contemplated as we plan for the various tariff scenarios. Jamie, with regard to the second question?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, what I would say there, Ross, is that we're certainly not immune to impacted consumers when they have kind of less discretionary dollars to spend. But we are advantaged and more resilient because of the inventory that we have on the marketplace. And so, consumers tend to come to us when they're looking for a value -- and that really kind of resonates what we're providing. They come to us looking for used or refurbish. And they're agile in terms of what I said. So, you can imagine like parts and accessories, sellers looking at more salvage opportunities and things like that. The other thing I would say is that as our focus categories have grown, there's often a difference between a higher income buyer and a lower income buyer. So, when you look at the strengths of our business, whether you think that's handbags that we have that are coming from Italy or France or training cards that are predominantly from the U.S. Not only are they from kind of different sources of where they're manufactured, but importantly, have less of an impact of elasticity versus the consumer. So overall, it's why we're glad that we pivoted to non-new in season five years ago. I think it makes our platform more resilient than otherwise would be and the things that we've been leaning into have really helped create kind of more diversification, more shipping solution options, et cetera.
Operator: Our next question will come from Deepak Mathivanan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Deepak Mathivanan: Jamie, given the mix of pre-owned and refurb on the platform now, does it make sense to leverage this competitive advantage that you currently have during this time and kind of make a more aggressive push to build top of the funnel and awareness to sort of like gain a permanent competitive edge? And then also somewhat related to that, with all these macro ships, are you seeing any changes in competitive landscape now with maybe some of the subscale players who were previously investing aggressively scale down that's helping the business now?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Just to make sure I got your question, because of our level of pre-loved you said, and used on the platform or what did you say?
Deepak Mathivanan: Yes, preowned and refurb goods on the platform, right.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we are leaning in a lot behind that because we do think it's a unique opportunity. We're doing both on the buying side and on the selling side. So, if you look at our full funnel marketing, it's not only leaning into kind of the breadth of inventory and the trust that you have on the platform. But for example, in the U.K. and Germany right now, we're really pushing the cell message of sell on eBay because it's a great time to bring new sellers onto the marketplace. And what we find is that when we get a buyer to become a casual seller, they end up buying more. So, we're definitely leaning in from that perspective on all the marketing that we're doing. And we believe that there's a significant TAM out there in C2C that we're going after. So, if you look at the average household, they have $3,000 to $4,000 of inventory that could be sold on eBay, and less than 20% of that is online on the platform. And so, the whole vision that we have with magical listing is really making it so simple to unlock all of that inventory onto the platform because we write the description, we fill out all the items, specifics. In fact, the SAP that I talked about on the call is really interesting. Even though the magical listing technology is relatively new in bulk, so we just kind of built this capability to have bulk magical listing. Already, the majority of our listings are coming in for trading cards on that platform. And that's really, really compelling. And so, we're going to continue to push kind of new innovations there. We're leaning into fashion in a big way. We just rolled out a new discovery platform for pre-loved fashion. Think about that as an endless feed now that we've built sizing, and we built styles on the platform. And that's something that we're going to be continuing to lead into 2025. Relative to competition, this is where scale is an advantage. We're able to acquire buyers and leverage them across a lot of different categories. So, let's take a watch buyer. If you come in and buy a watch over $500, you'll end up buying $5,000 in watches, but you'll end up buying more than $5,000 across the rest of the categories which is really compelling as well. We're looking at -- in our vehicles performance, we just launched this new relationship with Caramel and not only would see buyers coming into that, but then those buyers end up buying thousands of dollars. So, I do think we benefit from our global scale from the global supply and demand that we have. And as Steve likes to talk about, we have a strength of our financial model, which gives us the capacity to invest in these time periods to really make sure we're capturing opportunities for eBay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Shweta Khajuria with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Shweta Khajuria: I very much appreciate it. How would you characterize, I mean, your business is very scaled, it is global. So how would you characterize the health of consumer today from your vantage point? And are there any leading indicators that you're seeing across different geographies that you can point to where you think you may have seen some pull forward in demand so far, and there could be some risk or you may not have seen that and you think that consumer generally is healthy. I would love to hear your thoughts.
Steve Priest: Shweta, it's Steve here. Thank you for the question. It's clear that the macro environment clearly remains uncertain and difficult to predict. But we have been operating in rather choppy environment for the last number of quarters as we managed through this. I think I'd carve in between U.S. and international. Demand in the U.S. continues to be more resilient, and we've seen healthy volume trends so far in the second quarter, and that's informed us in terms of how we thought about the second quarter guide and the color that we've continued to provide for the full year, assuming that there's no discernible change in that underlying environment. I think as it pertains to Europe and particularly Germany and the U.K., leading indicators in the U.K. like consumer confidence remain depressed. There continues to be concerns over cost of living and inflation, which in our second largest market is obviously quite pertinent. And then when I think about Germany, it continues to remain tough. Our consumer confidence was impacted by recent elections and geopolitical events. And I think it's fair to say that German consumers are now concerned about the spillover effects of U.S. trade policy and its government is now predicting a third consecutive year of zero GDP growth. So that's the general overall dynamic that we're seeing. But having said that, we do continue to execute. And I think it's a real testament to the work the Company is doing, the investments that we're driving forward and the fact that we now have four consecutive quarters of positive GMV growth that we continue to do that. And so, this continued softness, I suppose, in the overall macro environment is contemplated in the guide assuming that there's no discernible change in the macro environment.
Shweta Khajuria: Thanks a lot, Steve. Just a quick follow-up. Given the resiliency of your platform, what are your thoughts on leaning more aggressively on marketing spend to gain greater share?
Steve Priest: I think we've continued to get the balance right. We have continued to lean in to drive operational efficiencies across the platform. We're investing for the long-term future of the Company and to stimulate the long-term sustainable growth. And I really think about all the cost factors that we have about across the Company. Marketing is one of them. And I think we've been very effective in those investments over recent quarters.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tom Champion with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Tom Champion: Jamie, I think you mentioned over 2 billion listings. I think that's up mid-teens year-over-year and maybe that's the second year in a row that it's up that magnitude. I'm just curious what you attribute that to? And maybe any broader implications of that? And then for Steve, wish you the best. It has been great working with you. I wanted to go back to your comments on the linearity of the quarter. I think you said March might have been better than February. And just curious what you'd attribute that to? I don't know if it's just the leap year comp, but just any additional thoughts there would be helpful.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Thanks for the question, Tom. I'll start on the selling side. Yes, you're correct on 2.3 billion listings. And the majority of that is based on the strength of what we've been seeing from our overall kind of selling experiences and specifically our C2C seller base. So, listings have been growing at double digits on the platform. Since 2023, every quarter, we've been growing the active -- the 12-month active seller count on the platform. And the majority of our sellers by count are C2C sellers and small businesses make up about 70% of that. And it's really the work that we've been doing to lean in to make the C2C value proposition stronger and take out all the friction. So, think about it as the combination of all the work that we're doing in magical listing and there's a bunch of work around that with how you can much more easily enhance your images, et cetera. It's taking friction out of the shipping experience. In the U.S., we do that through the eBay international shipping. In China, we do that with our SpeedPAK solutions. In other markets like in U.K., we're rolling out managed shipping, which makes it really easy for a C2C seller in that market to be able to ship their goods. So, by taking all of that friction, by leaning into the work that we've done in U.K. and Germany around our C2C business and the marketing that we're doing really kind of talking about the C2C value proposition for consumers is really resonating, and that's helping us both drive sellers on the platform as well as drive the listing count in a really healthy way. Steve, maybe you want to talk about the second question?
Steve Priest: Yes. Tom, good to speak to you. I think it's probably fair to say we saw some uneven demand particularly as we came into the year. January and February saw some -- and even a slightly softer environment, particularly in February. And then, we've seen healthy momentum during March and April. Not only do we think maybe some of that is a little bit of the pull forward as we talked about in our prepared remarks. But candidly, also the underlying health of the platform -- as we talked about the health of the focus category momentum that we saw 6% up year-over-year and 6% faster than the rest of the platform. And so little bit of unevenness across the early part of the year, but really pleased with the continued execution that we're seeing from the teams.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nick Jones with JMP Securities.
Nick Jones: Just curious, as you kind of lean into fashion in 2025, can you speak to maybe your appetite kind of for M&A or buy versus build. There are some kind of private competitors out there. You made acquisitions like PCG player to bolster that category that's been going quite well. So, can you maybe talk through kind of appetite for M&A, the funnel and just how you're thinking about that kind of focused category this year?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, I would say nothing has changed. We think about the build, buy and partner framework that we've had in place for a while and that served us really well. You brought up TCGplayer, and I'll just talk about the framework that we've used in trading cards. In that case, we have a partnership with Collectors Universe, which is the owner of PSA, and we launched another great new capability there for collectors where -- now if I buy an ungraded trading card on the platform, I can actually, with one click, send that directly into PSA to be graded whereas before, I would have to wait to get it shipped to me, I would have to then retype in all the information about those cards into the PSA form, send them in a massive benefit. So that's a partner example just in collectibles. On the buy side, we have both TCGplayer, which has been performing very well as well as golden auctions. And that's really helped us accelerate certain capabilities. And then on the build side, we've obviously built a lot. I talked about magical bulk listings that we're using and how that's driving the majority of business that we have or of listings that we have in that category. So, we continue to look at opportunities to accelerate our capabilities we look at in a disciplined way, how do we kind of think about build, buy and partner. You mentioned the fashion category. That's an example where we've done interesting things, right? We've done an acquisition in that space with Certilogo, which is a company out of Milan that helps with digital authentication of fashion products. It's -- they're helping build digital product passports with leading brands which leads to kind of one-click reselling on eBay, which is beneficial, and that's a nice long-term benefits. We're partnering with folks like the Vogue and a cast of influencers to really get the message out about the amazing fashion inventory that we have on eBay. You think about influencers like Margherita Missoni or Emma Chamberlain, and so we're applying a similar playbook to all of our categories, which is really focusing on what in the build by partner makes sense for that category and how do we accelerate the transformation, and we're excited by what we're seeing in pre-loved fashion and collectibles in the work that we've done in P&A with the recent acquisition there, and we're going to continue to follow the same exact playbook.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ygal Arounian with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ygal Arounian: Also, I just want to echo all the good working with you, Steve. You've always been really helpful. And maybe just to continue kind of on the de minimis thoughts for a second with -- particularly with Temu and Shein, stepping back materially on marketing spend and I think they would have one of the largest impacts, not the largest on the de minimis rules. Is that an opportunity for you guys to think that can be a potential tailwind? And can you talk about if you're seeing any changes in your marketing channels and CPCs or if there's an incremental opportunity there?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. We're constantly looking on a daily basis how to maximize the ROI of our marketing spend. I'd say a couple of things. One is we were less impacted because when they came in, spending a significant amount, especially in the U.S. market, because so much of our traffic is organic on the platform. And so, it's really less of an impact on our business. When you look at the products that they're selling, it's a really immaterial GMV overlap. We moved away from the low ASP items a while ago as we strategically focused on non-new in season on focus categories, et cetera. I would say overall, our marketing ROI has been healthy year-to-date, but nothing really to call out other than in addition to the dynamics of the marketplace, we're continuing to find ways to use AI for our marketing as well. So, we're starting to incorporate AI into CRM and how we're communicating with our customers in a completely different way. So that's also helping drive the ROI of our marketing spend. And we continue to lean in opportunistically where we think there's an opportunity.
Steve Priest: Operator, can we do one last question, please?
Operator: Yes. Your final question will come from Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank Research. Please go ahead.
Lee Horowitz: Great. So maybe following up on Nikhils question earlier, I guess, while you haven't seen any material impact to add revenue to date, presumably a lot of your sellers have stocked up, and thus, they're not seeing any cost pressures. I guess how are you thinking and contextualizing the risks to advertising revenue going forward in a world where China tariffs stay remained above 50% and those sellers are going to see some substantial pressure on gross margins, if not potentially go out of business.
Steve Priest: We've been really pleased with the continued momentum, Lee, that we've seen on our ads business. We've obviously continued to have multiple levels with multiple products in the ad space. And we've seen momentum and strength from quarter-to-quarter. Q1 was a good reflection of that. And as we always said, we continue to see a path to sort of 3% of GMV across the overall ad side of things. We do have a truly global platform, and we've seen success not only through the greater China sellers but across our other geographies as well. And so, this has been a good revenue vector for us at eBay, and we expect to continue to do that. So, I'm pretty comfortable with where we're sitting. And as we talked about contemplating various scenarios, we've contemplated the economics associated with the current environment and the color that we provided for the full year today.
Lee Horowitz: Understood. And Steve echo all the comments as well, great work with you. Maybe just one follow-up. Just category by category. The color on some of the used good merchandise in the platform and how much how defensive maybe the platform may be over time is helpful. But maybe focusing on the collectibles part of your business. We get a lot of questions on that. I guess, how are you guys thinking about what may happen to that piece of the business through any broader macro softness? Has that business expanded such that it will not be impacted as much as it maybe has been in the past? Just any thoughts on how collectibles may react to a broader consumer slowdown would be helpful.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we're really pleased with the trading cards growth. It grew healthy double digits year-on-year in Q1 and growth accelerated for the ninth straight quarter. And we just continue to innovate for hobbyists on the platform. The relationship that I talked about before with PSA and making that easier. The inverse of that is already live today, which is if I get a card graded, it's one click to have that resell on the platform where we're making it really easy magical listing has been a huge opportunity for us. eBay Live has been compelling for us in the collectible card space, and we're seeing nice uptake while it's still early days. We've been enhancing our seller dashboard. We built case break technology into eBay Live, et cetera. And we feel really good about kind of the -- all the investments that we've made to make that business strong. When you look at the overall business, obviously, there's different fluctuations in the business over time. What I feel really good about, Lee, is that the growth in trading card volumes that we've seen in recent quarters, has been mostly driven by sold item growth, not just ASP, which signals the recent strength is more sustainable than, for example, the surge we saw in 2001, which was more ASP-driven. So, we're going to continue to invest in that category. We feel really good about -- sorry, the surge in 2021 that we saw with ASP. We feel really good about the underlying business, what we've built and the capabilities for collectors and enthusiasts and the new capabilities like eBay Live that we're bringing to that overall category on the platform.
Operator: Thank you for joining. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the eBay Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Egbert, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
John Egbert: Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us for eBay's fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'll remind you that during this conference call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect organic FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons and all earnings per share amounts reflect earnings per diluted share unless indicated otherwise. During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of, February 26, 2025. We do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. Our strong Q4 results capped off a transformative year for eBay. We executed our 2024 plan with precision and took significant steps toward our vision of reinventing the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts. I'll begin with some highlights from the full-year. We ended 2024 with three consecutive quarters of positive growth in gross merchandise volume despite continued challenges in the global economy. For the full year, GMV grew by more than 1% to $75 billion. Our focus category volume grew 5% in 2024 and accelerated gradually over the course of the year despite increasingly difficult comps. The rest of our marketplace for our core categories also stabilized and were nearly flat year-over-year in 2024, benefiting from our horizontal and geo-specific investments. Building on our success in Germany in 2023, we executed a significant overhaul of our C2C experience in The U.K., leading to a notable improvement in GMV trends in Q4. 2024 was also a transformative year from an innovation standpoint as our enhanced core AI platform enabled us to launch our first proprietary large language models, boost productivity in key areas like engineering and customer service, and improve the efficacy of search. The majority of our sellers are now using Gen AI tools like Magical Listing, AI-enhanced product backgrounds and automated social media posting. We also wrote out exciting AI-powered experiences for buyers such as Explore and Shop the Look that enhance discovery, particularly for longtail inventory. We balanced these disciplined investments and long-term growth initiatives with continued operational efficiency, enabling us to grow non-GAAP operating income by over 4% year-over-year while expanding non-GAAP operating margin by 70 basis points. Lastly, we created significant shareholder value by growing non-GAAP earnings per share by 15% to $4.88 while returning nearly $3.7 billion of capital through repurchases and dividends. I'm proud of our teams for achieving these results and laying the groundwork for us to further accelerate innovation for customers in 2025 while remaining on the path towards sustainable long-term growth. Now I'll discuss some of the key highlights from Q4 before providing insights into our strategic priorities for 2025. We saw continued top-line growth in Q4 as GMV grew by more than 2% to $19.3 billion, an acceleration of over one point sequentially. These results were driven by strong execution against our Q4 roadmap and solid consumer demand during the shortened holiday shopping season. Focused categories remained a key driver of overall growth as they accelerated to over 6% GMV growth in Q4. This was nearly six points faster than our core categories, which were modestly positive in Q4 after accelerating by one point versus Q3. Trading cards volume accelerated to healthy double-digit growth, making this category the largest contributor to GMV growth in Q4. We drove significant innovation for trading card enthusiasts in the past year, including rolling out Magical Bulk Listing, expanding our authentication and grading partnerships, scaling up eBay Live, and improving our catalog data across multiple sports and genres. We also added consignment through PSA, as these customers can start auction and fixed-price listings with just a few clicks. Overall, these enhancements positioned eBay well to capitalize on resurgent demand for trading cards throughout 2024. Motors Parts and Accessories, or P&A, was also a significant driver of focus category growth. As Q4 GMV trends were consistent with prior quarters of 2024, our growth benefited from continued investment in building our assortment, including connecting with professional sellers in The U.K. and Germany, sourcing more certified green parts in the U.S., and expanding our access to private label inventory overseas. On a global basis, our P&A inventory grew by double digits during Q4 and we now have over 700 million live P&A listings on eBay. 2024 marked our second consecutive year of mid-single-digit GMV growth in P&A, our largest focus category. A major driver of this turnaround was reestablishing eBay as a trusted place to shop for auto parts. Earlier this month, we further enhanced the trust equation for millions of auto enthusiasts on eBay with our acquisition of Caramel, which enables a secure end-to-end online vehicle purchase experience across all 50 U.S. States. Caramel's technology simplifies complexities of a vehicle sale, including identity and title verification, ownership transfer, financing, insurance, warranty and transportation. Starting in Q1, U.S. sellers will be able to list cars, trucks and motorcycles on eBay with Caramel's secure end-to-end checkout solution. We're excited to welcome the Caramel team to eBay as we transform the level of trust for vehicle purchases on our platform. We believe eBay's scaled audience of auto enthusiasts, combined with Caramel's innovative technology, enables us to better tap into the estimated $75 billion TAM for collectible cars in the U.S. We also expect an improved vehicle transaction experience to drive synergies within other categories, as our average vehicle buyer also spends thousands of dollars annually on P&A and non-motorist items across the eBay marketplace. A key lever for driving awareness and consideration with enthusiasts has been telling the eBay story in new and different ways. In Q4, we began partnering with a cast of influencers across industries to reinforce eBay's position as the trusted marketplace for things people love, including YouTuber Emma Chamberlain, Olympic Gold medalist Chloe Kim, Fashion designer Margherita Missoni, and many more. As passionate eBay customers themselves, these cast members are curating personalized storefronts highlighting their favorite eBay products. Throughout 2025, you'll see this cast amplify our value proposition to their audiences across various forms of media. In October, we made a significant investment in our second-largest market through an overhaul of our C2C value proposition in The U.K. We are confident that with these changes, we will capture more of the total addressable market in e-commerce. While it's still early, I'm extremely encouraged by the results we've observed to date. In Q4, we saw a double-digit improvement in C2C GMV growth versus our pre-launch baseline in The U.K., alongside 20-plus point improvements in C2C first-generation listers, new and reactivated sellers, and local pickup GMV. Notably, sales within focus categories and other mid to high ASP items were the biggest beneficiaries of these changes, lifting our U.K. C2C ASP overall in Q4. Following the removal of seller fees for C2C listings across most categories in October, we introduced a buyer protection fee for U.K. C2C transactions earlier this month. This fee allows us to offer the same protection to buyers that they receive when purchasing from business sellers. We rolled out buyer fees progressively over roughly two weeks in February, listening closely to our community to ensure our fees were transparent and well-understood. While we expected some level of elasticity following the addition of buyer protection fees, encouragingly, the early results were slightly better than our expectations. In Q4, we also launched the eBay balance feature to millions of C2C sellers in the U.K., which enables them to use their earnings to purchase products on eBay, cover selling needs like shipping labels and promoted listings or withdraw their funds. eBay balance has been well received thus far and adoption rates have exceeded our expectations. The majority of sellers with an open balance have applied it to their eBay purchases, which is also beneficial to our marketplace as it carries zero cost of payments. During Q4, we also began to gradually ramp up our managed shipping program for U.K. C2C Sellers, which is live on an opt-out basis with Royal Mail and Every as our initial carriers. Managed shipping, which is shown to U.K. customers as simple delivery, offer simplicity, lower cost, improved transparency and greater protection against loss or damage while generating incremental revenue and operating income for eBay. We've been listening to our sellers' feedback during the ramp phase and are launching multiple enhancements to make this program's value proposition even stronger in the coming months. For instance, we recently gave sellers the ability to select which carriers they are comfortable shipping with. We will soon add a free shipping option with the cost of prepaid labels automatically deducted from sellers' earnings. We are in the process of adding new carriers that support bulky and heavier items, and we plan to introduce out-of-home pickup and drop-off capabilities, which many U.K. customers value during -- due to their convenience, lower cost, privacy, security and environmental benefits. We will continue to ramp -- manage shipping throughout Q1 as we add features and fine-tune the program and plan to begin mandating it for U.K. C2C sellers during Q2. As we look at our U.K. initiative overall, based on the results and behaviors we're seeing so far, we are even more confident the changes we're making across key parts of the C2C experience will allow us to unlock the sizable market opportunity from the vast array of unique inventory sitting in U.K. consumers' homes. In 2024, we upgraded our Gen AI capabilities by increasing our GPU capacity, deploying our first supercomputer, improving our hardware utilization, and developing architectures optimized for LLMs. Our enhanced AI platform enabled us to build and run models approximately 100 times larger than the prior year. We leveraged our decades of e-commerce data to build our proprietary LiLiuM models from scratch to accomplish specialized e-commerce tasks at greater levels of efficiency. We also pre-trained leading open-source models on our dataset to improve their accuracy on specific eBay use cases. By the end of the year, we have launched dozens of customer-facing features powered by LLMs across the buyer and seller experiences, search, payments, marketing, and specific focus categories. In addition to innovating on platform, we've been increasingly focused on meeting customers where they are to drive greater awareness of the breadth and depth of quality inventory on eBay. In January, we became one of the first companies to collaborate with OpenAI's operator, which can direct users to eBay for many of their shopping needs. This agentic approach to ecommerce could create an entirely new channel for discovery and shopping online. Although it's early days, we anticipate this collaboration could expand the reach of our sellers, giving more buyers exposure to eBay's unique and differentiated inventory. Last month, we also launched a test with Meta in the U.S., Germany, and France that enabled Facebook marketplace users to browse and purchase eBay listings without leaving the app. eBay sellers should benefit as they gain exposure to Facebook's scaled audience, while marketplace shoppers can discover a broader array of listings from the eBay community. The checkout experience and post-transaction services are powered by eBay, fully leveraging the on-platform capabilities we've built, including protections like authenticity guarantee. The test initially started with a small percentage of users and a subset of our inventory in these three markets as our company's focus on optimizing the experience within this new surface for third-party listings. As the ecommerce landscape undergoes swift transformation due to rapidly advancing technology, we are focused on positioning eBay at the forefront of emerging shopping paradigms like these. We continue to focus on reducing friction and maximizing the global reach of our sellers' inventory, connecting them with more enthusiast buyers around the world. Turning next to advertising. During Q4, first-party advertising accelerated to 16%, while ad revenue grew nearly 12% to $445 million, eclipsing 2.3% of GMV. Approximately 3.4 million sellers adopted a single ad product during the quarter and we ended Q4 with more than 1.1 billion live-promoted listings out of nearly 2.3 billion total listings on eBay. First-party advertising growth was broad-based across products during Q4. Promoted Listings general ads were the largest contributor to year-over-year growth in Q4 on the back of continued ad rate, algorithm, and placements optimization. Adoption of Promoted Listings priority and promoted offsite units also increased as we introduced enhanced capabilities for campaign and budget management. In Payments and Financial services, we continue to focus on adding new and locally relevant ways to pay on eBay to expand buyer choice, drive conversion, and optimize our payment mix. During Q4, we announced a global strategic partnership with Klarna to offer Buy Now Pay Later solutions in the U.K. and several new European markets, expanding on our successful launch in Germany. We've been extremely pleased with the early results as we've observed average order values on transactions to be roughly 3 times to 4 times higher than the average basket size in these markets. As a pioneer of ecommerce, sustainability continues to be a core part of our purpose as a company. I am pleased to announce that eBay has set a 2045 net zero carbon emissions target that has been recently validated by the Science Based Targets Initiative. I'm also proud that in 2024, we sourced 100% of our energy consumption for eBay-controlled offices and data centers from renewable sources, reaching our 2025 renewable energy target one year early. Looking forward, our investments across our strategic pillars in 2024 laid a strong foundation for us to build upon in 2025 as we continue to work toward reinventing the future of ecommerce for enthusiasts. In support of the first pillar of our strategy, relevant experiences, we'll continue to innovate within existing focused categories and extend our playbook to new categories. In collectibles, we plan to continue innovating on behalf of the hobby by developing new experiences with PSA, realizing more synergies with TCGplayer and Golden and meaningfully scaling our eBay Live business as we optimize the experience for enthusiasts. In P&A, we are focused on automating the application of fitment data on new and existing listings, developing more experiences for do-it-for-me buyers, and expanding our access to well-priced supply in key areas like used in green parts. We will also invest in our enhanced transaction process for vehicles through Caramel to tap into the significant TAM within collectible cars and drive synergies across our marketplace. In Fashion, we plan to leverage AI to better showcase emerging trends, innovate on explore and shop the look, and improve merchandising to highlight our sellers' vast amount of desirable fashion inventory. We are also focused on improving trust through enhanced condition grading standards and leveraging our global footprint to tap into new sources of luxury supply. From a geographic perspective, we'll continue optimizing the C2C experience in the U.K. and Germany, while also investing in significant enhancements to our global buying hub, which serves millions more buyers around the world. Within our second pillar, scalable solutions. We aim to continue driving healthy growth in advertising by increasing seller adoption of Promoted Listings priority and promoted off-site. We plan to continue optimizing Promoted Listing's general placements and recommendations. We will add new capabilities to promoted stores and allow brands to fund these ads for third-party sellers to promote ecommerce. Within financial services, we'll continue to add more locally relevant payment options, streamline the checkout experience, and optimize our cost of payments. We also plan to scale up our seller capital offering to serve the needs of more small and medium-sized businesses, which make up the majority of volume on eBay. And as it pertains to our third pillar, magical innovations, in 2025, we'll build on our core AI foundations to train and deploy models significantly larger and more sophisticated than what we operated in 2024, including visual and multimodal models. We'll also conduct pre-training and instruction tuning of existing models to distill them to smaller sizes optimized for specific tasks, driving improved accuracy, reduced latency and lower compute costs. I'm excited to see how our enhanced AI capabilities will continue to improve experiences like Magical Listing, Shop the Look and Explore in 2025. We will also leverage these models to touch more parts of the consumer experience this year to make it more modern and seamless. I'm also energized by how much our company has embraced this new technology to change how we work and execute as a company. This year, we are empowering every employee to leverage Gen AI tools to fundamentally change the experience on eBay and deliver value to customers. And importantly, we expect these strategic pillars to support continued GMV growth, healthy operating income trends and robust growth in earnings per share in 2025 to ensure our roadmap continues to drive significant value for shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with the financial highlights section of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll discuss our key financial and operating metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our guidance for the first quarter and preliminary outlook for the rest of the year before we begin Q&A. My comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons on an organic FX-neutral basis unless and noted otherwise. eBay delivered strong results in the fourth quarter as we met or exceeded expectations across our key financial metrics. GMV grew over 2% to $19.3 billion. Revenue grew 1% to $2.58 billion. Non-GAAP operating income grew approximately 2% to $698 million. We delivered $1.25 of non-GAAP earnings per share, up over 16%, and we returned more than $1 billion to shareholders through repurchasing dividends. Now, let's take a closer look at our financial performance during the fourth quarter. Gross merchandise volume grew over 2% to $19.3 billion on an organic FX-neutral basis. Golden added about 30 basis points to total FX-neutral volume growth, while foreign exchange was 130 basis points tailwind to spot GMV growth. Our strategic initiatives were instrumental to our GMV growth acceleration throughout 2024. We saw better-than-expected shopping activity late in the holiday season as we benefited from improved AI models with the delivery day estimates and greater visibility of items with fast shipping. Focus category GMV grew over 6% in Q4 and outpaced core categories by nearly 6 points. We saw positive growth contributions across Trading Cards, P&A, Luxury, and Refurbished. GMV growth across the remainder of our marketplace was modestly positive in the quarter, driven by our horizontal innovation, geo-specific investments, cross-category shopping, and the sell-to-buy flywheel. Shifting to our geographic trends. U.S. GMV grew by 1% in Q4, driven by improved traffic trends and strong late-season holiday demand. Trading Cards had another strong quarter, posting the fastest quarterly GMV growth observed since 2021. International GMV grew over 3% on an FX-neutral basis in the quarter, while FX was a tailwind to spot GMV growth of 250 basis points. Although underlying macro trends in the U.K. and Germany remain challenged, we saw resilient demand over the holiday season. As Jamie discussed earlier, the successful launch of our U.K. initiative provided an incremental boost to both our C2C and overall volumes. International GMV growth also benefited from strong trends in cross-border trade, especially from Greater China and Japan. Moving onto our trailing 12-month buy metrics. Active buyers grew over 1% to nearly $134 million in Q4. Our second straight quarter of sequential active buyer growth was driven by steady growth in new and reactivated buyers and improved retention. Enthusiast buyers remained stable at roughly $16 million and spend per enthusiast buyer grew slightly year-over-year to more than $3,100. Next, let's take a close look at revenue. We grew revenue by nearly 1% to $2.58 billion in Q4. Spot revenue growth was nearly 30 basis points lower due to foreign exchange headwinds. Our take rate was 13.3% in the fourth quarter, about 40 basis points lower year-over-year. Our U.K. C2C initiative was a headwind of approximately 50 basis points as we eliminated final value fees for C2C sellers in October. FX also represented another 20 basis points impact to take rates in the quarter. These headwinds were partly offset by tailwinds from first-party advertising, financial services, and shipping. Total advertising revenue grew nearly 12% to $445 million in the quarter as GMV penetration increased to 2.3%. First-party ads growth accelerated 16% to $434 million. We further defecated third-party display ads with revenue declining 54% in Q4 to less than $12 million. Now turning to profitability. Non-GAAP gross margin was approximately flat year-over-year as the reduction in cost of payments, authentication-related costs, and lower depreciation expenses were roughly offset by traffic acquisition costs, foreign exchange headwinds, and tax-related matters. Non-GAAP operating margin expanded by over 30 basis points year-over-year to 27% in the quarter, driven by operational efficiencies and lower transaction losses, partly offset by full funnel marketing and a foreign exchange headwind of 70 basis points. Our non-GAAP operating income grew approximately 2% in Q4 and non-GAAP earnings per share grew over 16% to $1.25. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share was $1.40, our higher GAAP earnings were primarily due to a one-time tax credit, partly offset by stock-based compensation expense. Next, I'll discuss our balance sheet and capital allocation. We generated free cash flow of $560 million in the quarter, and nearly $2 billion for the year, consistent with our guidance. At the end of 2024, we had cash and non-equity investments of $7.2 billion, and gross debt of $7.4 billion. We repurchased $900 million of eBay shares during Q4 at an average price of nearly $64. In December, our Board authorized an incremental $3 billion under our stock repurchase plan, bringing our total authorization to roughly $3.3 billion at the end of the year. In addition, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $128 million in December, or $0.27 per share. Next, I'll give an update on our investment portfolio. Our equity investments and warrants were valued at over $1 billion at the end of the quarter. The majority of this value is in Aurelia with our approximately 8% ownership valued at nearly $900 million. This is our remaining stake after the consortium led by Permira and Blackstone exercised its option in Q4 to purchase roughly 10% of our ownership stake for just over $1 billion. In Q4, we exited our equity investment in Adyen, realizing roughly $600 million in gross cash proceeds. We no longer hold any warrants in Adyen as the remaining tranches expired at the end of January 2025. On December 17th, we sold our nearly 20% stake in Apollo Korea, the owner of Gmarket, and generated over $320 million in gross cash proceeds from the transaction. Moving onto our outlook. For the first quarter, we expect GMV between $18.3 billion and $18.6 billion, representing FX-neutral growth between flat and 1% year-over-year. This includes an expected contribution of approximately 30 basis points from Golden. Prevailing exchange rates, we expect FX to be nearly 140 basis points of headwind to GMV growth in Q1. Our guidance assumes continued momentum in Focus Categories, positive contributions from horizontal innovations, and continued benefits from our U.K. initiative. However, our outlook is tempered by continued macroeconomic challenges in the U.K. and Germany, the potential impact of tariffs, and calendar considerations. We are contemplating a range of outcomes for tariffs in our guidance based on what we can see and forecast. We also face a net headwind of 50 basis points due to lapping the extra leap day in 2024, partly offset by Easter falling in April this year as opposed to March last year. The Easter timing is a benefit this year as we typically see less shopping activity during the holiday. We expect to generate revenue between $2.52 billion and $2.56 billion in the first quarter, implying negative 1% to positive 1% FX-neutral growth. We estimate FX would represent roughly 60 basis points of headwind to spot revenue growth at current rates. The U.K. C2C initiatives will wear in our Q1 take rate on a year-over-year basis as buyer protection fees were rolled out midway through the quarter. Additionally, we plan to begin mandating managed shipping in the U.K. during Q2 as we implement the enhancements for C2C sellers that Jamie discussed. We forecast non-GAAP operating margin between 29% and 29.4% in the first quarter. On a year-over-year basis, we expect ads and financial services to contribute to margins along with a modest contribution from buyer protection fees. These tailwinds are more than offset by a 70 basis point increase in depreciation expenses and 20 basis points of M&A-related expenses. As a reminder, we extended the useful life of our service and networking equipment from three to four years in 2024. This change benefited our margins last year but created a headwind for 2025. Based on these assumptions, we forecast non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.32 and $1.36 in the first quarter, representing year-over-year growth between 6% and 9%. Next, I'll share some updated thoughts on the full year. We expect to generate low-single-digit GMV growth in 2025 on an FX-neutral basis. Based on current exchange rates, FX would be over 1 point of headwind for full year spot growth. This outlook is balanced against the risks and uncertainties surrounding tariffs and how they could change demand due to consumer elasticity. Our outlook includes a modest volume contribution from vehicles following the Caramel acquisition, although we expect the impact to be immaterial in Q1, and gradually ramp throughout the year. The existing vehicles business on eBay Motors was not included in reported GMV for many years since we did not charge transaction fees. However, we will start reporting GMV for vehicle sales executed through Caramel's end-to-end service. For the full year, we expect revenue growth modestly higher than GMV on an FX-neutral basis, with FX creating a 40-basis-point headwind for spot growth. Advertising, shipping and financial services are all key drivers of revenue and take rate this year. Once managed shipping is fully ramped, we'd expect our U.K. C2C take rate to be slightly higher than our run rate prior to Q4 of 2024. We expect non-GAAP operating income growth relatively in line with revenue on an FX-neutral basis. We estimate FX would represent roughly 50 basis points of tailwind, spot operating income growth at current rates. There were several headwinds embedded in this outlook that we expect to impact full-year operating margins. First, the service and networking equipment depreciation dynamics I called out for Q1 will be a 0.5 headwind for full-year growth and operating margins. Second, based on our updated ramp schedule, U.K.-managed shipping should negatively impact operating margins by roughly 30 basis points due to gross revenue recognition. We continue to expect positive operating income dollar contribution from this program in 2025. Third, we estimate nearly 20 basis points of M&A related-headwind. These headwinds are partly offset by an estimated 30-basis-point tailwind from FX based on current rates. We forecast capital expenditures to be between 4% and 5% of revenue for the full year. We are significantly increasing our GPU capacity again in 2025. I'm pleased to be able to do so within our historical average budget. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to remain stable at 16.5%. As it pertains to free cash flow, we have a number of unique tax considerations in 2025. In addition to our standard tax payments, in Q2 of 2025, we expect to pay net cash taxes of nearly $650 million related to our Adevinta, Aurelia, Adient and Gmarket transactions in 2024. We will also pay the final year of our repatriation tax obligation for $292 million in Q2. Additionally, changes to the tax treatment of R&D expenses represents a headwind of over $100 million in 2025. While these unique items were well on reported free cash flow this year, excluding these impacts, normalized free cash flow is expected to be comfortably north of $2 billion. None of these impacts are expected to repeat in 2026 with the exception of the R&D headwind, which will be less material as we have built upon the five-year history of capitalized R&D assets. On the capital allocation front, we are targeting share repurchases of at least $2 billion in 2025. Our board also declared a quarterly dividend of $0.29 per share for Q1 of 2025 to be paid in March, an increase of $0.02 from the quarterly dividends paid out in 2024. Based on these assumptions, we still expect non-GAAP earnings per share growth in the high single-digits for 2025. In closing, eBay delivered strong financial results in 2024, improving our GMV, operating income, and EPS growth year over year. We have created a solid foundation for 2025, and our outlook reflects our confidence in eBay's initiatives despite tougher macro uncertainties and demonstrates our ability to generate sustainable long-term growth and deliver healthy capital returns and robust earnings for shareholders. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Morton from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Morton: Hey, there. Thank you for the question. I'll start with one. I would love if you could size eBay's position and exposure to changes in de minimis shipping and maybe just specifically to China. I know there's a lot of moving parts with that. But from what we see, it appears that most of your large category offerings are already sitting in U.S. warehouses when we look at shipping times. So that would suggest they've gone through proper channels and tariffs. Is that a reasonable assumption? And then I have a follow-up after this.
John Egbert: Yes. Hi, Michael. Yes, it is. So if you look at the China to U.S. quarter, that makes up approximately 5% of total GMV for eBay. China overall is a little less than 10% of GMV, but approximately three-quarters of our Greater China volume is forward deployed. So as you said, it's already subject to tariffs. And of the remainder, about half of that is we manage that directly through a program we have called Speedback, which obviously can help sellers to handle the complexity of tariffs as cost is not the only challenge. So overall, we're planning to do all we can to help sellers and buyers navigate these changes with as little disruption as possible and we feel confident in our diversified global marketplace can help them adapt to changes in tariff policies.
Michael Morton: That's great. Thank you. And then another question, you showed the chat GPT operator in the presentation and there's a view there's a lot of changes coming to the e-commerce discovery funnel. Some retailers are treating this differently. They want to wall off the agents or assistants and others want to open up to them. Would love to know eBay's -- like you've obviously indicated one thing so far, but how you're thinking about this big picture over the long term as consumer behavior could be shifting?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we were one of the first companies to collaborate with OpenAI on their research preview here. And our feeling is that we're obviously building a lot of great agentic technology on eBay, whether that's in how products are sold with Magical Listing or how they're bought with Shop the Look Explore. But we've really focused on having a differentiated set of inventory over 2.3 billion listings and see an opportunity to allow our sellers to get greater exposure to more sets of diverse buyers. So it's why you see us doing the preview with OpenAI. You see, the partnership that we've created with Facebook around Marketplace is really about opening up that inventory. And if you think about what we've been doing for decades buying Google placement ads or the SEO work that we've done, those have been good sources for us to acquire new buyers into eBay. So we've been looking at it as another channel, another opportunity, but we've continued to build out all of our own agents and run our own pilots internally as well to just continually improve the shopping experience on eBay.
Michael Morton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz: All right. Thanks so much for the question. Maybe as we look out to 2025 and sort of growth -- FX neutral growth that's maybe no better than where you're exiting 2024. Can you perhaps break things down a little bit more in terms of what you're thinking about in terms of focus category growth next year? Should that continue to improve? Anything as it relates to expected focus category expansion? Or perhaps maybe a step back in the core business around the macro? Any help on those moving pieces would be great.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. No, we can see continued momentum in the work that we're doing in focus categories. So, if you look back over the last two years, we've had really healthy growth there, 6% last quarter, 5% over the course of the year. In our largest category in P&A, we've had mid-single-digit growth now for two years. So we feel really good about the momentum in the business and what we're seeing and the continued pace of innovation. We're going to continue to invest in existing categories as well as the new categories. You see our core categories have gotten stronger as well over the course of 2024. We had a roughly one-point growth in our core category business. And we see a lot of opportunities in additional work in our focus category. So in fashion, we have the opportunity to go much deeper. I talked about some of that on the call. We added U.K. fashion to our focus categories, et cetera. So, we still have five categories that are over $10 billion of opportunity. We see a lot of growth. We actually think the non-new in-season will grow faster than new in-season, and that's what we've been seeing on our platform, which is really great and healthy for us for the long-term growth of the business.
Lee Horowitz: Great. And then maybe one follow-up on the Facebook Marketplace partnership. Any more details you could provide as it relates to just the specifics of how it works? Any limiters as to how many listings you guys can maybe show on their Marketplace, anything as it relates to sort of revenue share? I know you're not going to give the details exactly, but sort of how the economics may work. And anything you're seeing early or you expect to see in terms of relative ASP of what you may sell through that marketplace versus sort of ASPs that you get on sort of your core eBay platform?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we think the partnership is great for the eBay seller community as they can benefit from Facebook scaled audience and the large demand that they have. And similar to what I talked about with OpenAI, where we see it as meeting customers where they are and helping our sellers broaden their reach. So we'll continue to bring a broad array of unique eBay listings there. We feel like it's great because we get all the benefits of the trust for the buyers there. They get the authenticity guarantee, the checkout process, and the post-transaction services. On economics, we usually don't comment on specifics of partnerships, but we're excited by the potential. I'd say it's not -- we're not just simply buying ads on Marketplace and it's not an eBay offsite ad product. But I'd also say, look, it's still early days. So we're encouraged by the early learning, but we're gradually scaling up the test and each company is working to optimize the experience.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe two if I could. First, I'm curious for your take on the overall health of the consumer. There seems to be a bit of a renewed debate among investors on how to interpret the state of the consumer based on sort of income levels and discretionary versus non-discretionary spend. We'd love to get a sense of what you guys are seeing across the platform and across some of your geographies. And then in terms of Focus Categories, the momentum that you built coming out of 2024, how would you want folks to think about the potential for that momentum to continue? And what are the building blocks of sustained Focus Category growth that you're most focused on executing on deeper into 2025? Thanks so much.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. And I'd say with the macro environment continues to be dynamic as it was through '24. I'd say demand in the U.S. has been more resilient with trends in the U.K. and Germany still relatively weaker amid lower consumer confidence and lower GDP growth there. And I'd just note that we've made significant progress last year despite these trends. And in 2025, we're going to continue to remain nimble. I would say the more affluent customers, our Luxury businesses continue to perform well, handbag, I talked about Collectibles being double-digit growth right now. And so I think it's more the less affluent consumer who is pressured in this environment. When you think about the momentum in 2024 of Focus Categories, we see us building on a lot of the strengths that we've created and the momentum that we have in 2024, building off of non-new in seasons. So I talked about Collectibles, right. We are just getting started in how we're working with PSA, how we're working with TCGplayer to take advantage of the opportunities in Collectibles and build on the focus strategy that we have there. I'd say ditto for eBay Live and the growth that we're seeing and the new collectible-based features we've launched there like Case Breaks and Buy spot, et cetera. We've been recently increasing the exposure of what we've done in eBay Live on the homepage and on our live hub. I talked about the work in P&A and we see vehicles as not only another opportunity to drive growth in the business, but another opportunity to drive synergies with our Parts & Accessories business, which is one of our largest focus categories, as you know. And then when I look at Fashion, Eric, we do over $10 billion in fashion. And in my opinion, eBay is just starting to innovate on this Focus Category, right. It wasn't until two quarters ago that you could even save your size on eBay, which is a pretty simple feature. And now we're using AI to do things like shop the look and explore and build great discovery. And what that does is it really shows off the amazing inventory. And you can tell by the size of the category that we have amazing inventory on the platform and that's what we hear from buyers. And so being able to put our playbook against that category is exciting. So I guess I'd just say, I feel really good about the momentum in Focus Categories, what we're seeing, and the roadmap and the plans that we have for '25 to keep that going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ygal Arounian from Citi. Your line is open.
Ygal Arounian: Hey, thanks, guys. First, maybe just on the GMV outlook and from 1Q and the full year. Steve, I think you hit on some of the components like auto's GMV coming in, but maybe a little bit more color to help, A, just what's happening in the deceleration between 4Q and 1Q? What are you seeing there? And then as we work our way through the year, there is an implied acceleration in GMV. Again, I know you gave some of the puts and takes around autos. Is it mostly around autos? Is there a contribution in your guidance from the Facebook Marketplace coming through? Just how do we think about all the puts and takes between now and end of the year?
Steve Priest: Hey, I'll pick this one up. Good to speak to you. As Jamie alluded to earlier, we are continuing to operate in quite a challenged macro environment, particularly in Europe. And now more recently, we're facing the uncertainty around U.S. tariffs and de-minimis changes. There's three factors I would call out with regards to the Q4 to Q1 detail. First of all, I'd say we did have a particularly strong uptick in demand late in Q4 during the holiday season, which we're coming off the back of. Secondly, we are, as I mentioned, continue to operate in this environment and we're looking at a number of scenarios and we've implied some of that in our first quarter guide. And then thirdly, there's some calendar timing dynamics. Lapping the leap year in 2024 creates roughly a point of headwind for GMV growth for Q1, partly offset by the beneficial timing of Easter. In terms of offsetting some of those headwinds, we obviously continue to drive momentum across Focus Categories, across the geo-specific investments, particularly likes of the U.K., and the horizontal innovation that is driving greater trust across the platform and momentum for the rest of the year. Jamie has talked a lot about the Focus Category momentum. We're excited about the investments we continue to make in 2025 that sequentially will improve GMV as we go through the year and gave us the confidence to talk about the positive GMV momentum for 2025.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. And I'd just add, we don't see it as the Caramel vehicles is what's driving the growth. In Q1, that's going to be relatively immaterial. And in the full year, that's going to be very modest. And I would say the same about Facebook Marketplace. We're excited by the test, but we're not baking in material contributions to the low-single-digit color that we put out there. It's really the strength and underlying momentum of the business that makes us feel good about the rest of the year and what we're doing. And Steve talked about some of the one-time impacts in the calendar, et cetera, in Q1. And overall, we feel like really good momentum off the backs of the strategy that we've laid out and the plans that we have for '25.
Ygal Arounian: Okay, thanks. All that's really helpful. My follow-up, maybe back to AI and the proprietary LLMs, Jamie, that you called out. It sounds like we're seeing benefits both here on obviously the platform improvements and then also on the cost side, you called out engineering, customer service. And any way to quantify, are you able to -- you guys even do that the benefit that you're seeing from AI, whether it's on the top-line or on the margins and what the -- particularly on the margins, maybe what the longer-term opportunity is and cost efficiencies that you could drive here? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, I mean the level of change we're seeing kind of quarter-after-quarter is pretty significant. As I mentioned, the models in 2024 are 100 times larger than the ones that we're using for '23. In terms of quantizing the size of how our consumers are using this, over 10 million unique sellers have used our Gen AI features to date and they've created well over 100 million listings, and that generates several billion dollars of GMV. And it's a product that has 90% customer satisfaction rates in terms of just the selling side. On the buying side, we continue to roll out new features and enhance things like Shop the Look and Explore. As you think about productivity of our models, in 2024, we achieved a 30% improved accuracy on five of our kind of core ecommerce tests at an 8 times smaller model size, 10 times lower latency. So we've not only kind of been putting more features to change the experience out there, but we've been doing it in a much smarter way with kind of how we're consuming it, et cetera. So we're really excited by the consumer-facing features. We're excited by how our employees are embracing this across all the areas that you mentioned. And I think we're going to see another step-level change in how we leverage AI, both for our consumers and internally next year in '25.
Ygal Arounian: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Feather from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nathan Feather: Hey, everyone. Thanks for the question. You made a lot of interesting feature enhancements in The U.K., which seem to be driving some strong early traction. Are there any features or initiatives that are working well, which you could roll out more broadly and even thinking in particular, managed shipping? Thank you.
John Egbert: Yes. Look, the feature that we've rolled out globally that's working well is Magical Listing. Across all of our markets, what we're seeing is really great performance from sellers, really good satisfaction, et cetera. As it relates to the C2C approach in the U.K., we feel really good about what we're doing there. We rolled out the buyer fee, and that's been performing better than our expectations as I talked about, although it's still early days. And with managed shipping, we're really focused on how do we create an experience where we're making a lot easier for sellers because they don't have to go through kind of the choice of what services do I want to use and what do I have to choose from, et cetera. And for buyers, we get, better tracking. And the early work on this, I mean, it's very early days, right? We're just ramping up this business in the U.K. But what I would say is that we hope to perfect it over time, really get CSAT. And every market is different as it relates to shipping. There's very different dynamics and there's some unique dynamics in the U.K. that make it specifically attractive to have managed shipping in that market. So that's really where we're focused on growing that and really how it ties into the overall C2C value proposition that we've put together, which so far is working great. Our U.K. C2C business is growing double digits faster than it was before these changes and so we're pleased with the results.
Nathan Feather: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. First off, on advertising as a follow-up and the uptick in the penetration rate. Is that some of the newer ad formats driving that? And I guess, how are you thinking about the longer-term attach rate opportunity?
John Egbert: Yes. Look, we were really pleased with the growth. We had 16% 1P growth in our ad business in Q4, and 17% overall. And really, no, it's still the strength of the core platform. So our CPA business, Promoted Listings General was the largest driver in growth in the quarter and we still think that has a lot of runway and opportunity with optimization, with more sellers using it, et cetera. We continue to see nice growth in our CPC business. And our newest products are launching, but they're still not the workhorse that the CPA is. And we continue to put new features out there. I'd probably call out the AI-first dashboard that we launched last year is really helping sellers navigate advertising. And I think about the same way as listings, right, which is what we're doing is using AI and other technologies to make it really easy to adopt, to manage, for example, CPC-based campaigns on the platform, et cetera, and that's what's been performing well. So we continue to see a lot of runway, a lot of opportunity with advertising, and excited both by the existing formats, the optimization, and the new ad products that we've launched.
Colin Sebastian: Okay. And if I could just ask one quick follow-up on the Magical Listing tools. Did that have a material impact on trading card selection and volumes? And if it did, I guess, would you expect to see a similar tailwind as other categories start to adopt that? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, it's really great for that category because it's kind of seamless. And if you've been paying close attention, it's not just that we've done Magical Listing in that category, which is great, but we've been doing better integrations with our partners like PSA, for example. So now, if I list a graded card, we'll actually bring over all the data from PSA about kind of the history of that card into -- right into the view item page on eBay. A couple weeks ago, we made it easier to kind of copy and do more research, et cetera, around those cards. We've launched better integrations between PSA and eBay, so that I can now launch auction and fixed price listings right as I've had them graded onto the eBay platform. So I would say, in general, what we're seeing is, it was a strong quarter for collectible card games, etcetera, but it really leveraged all of the innovations that we have been driving in trading cards to make that successful. But, yes, we feel bullish that as we have expected in that category, we're rolling out continued enhancements to Magical Listing, which just make it easier and easier to list. And the way I think about it is, the average household has $3,000 of items that they could sell online and less than 20% of that is online. And if we make that incredibly easy through Magical Listing, we can bring on so much attractive inventory onto the platform. And when we get those buyers to turn into sellers, they become two to 2.5 times more valuable, as buyers on the platform and they bring really unique inventory to the platform. Think about all the stuff that's used sitting in people's houses, garages, et cetera, to bring online. And so, that's why we're really -- I'm really excited by the continued advancements that we're making in the progress, the satisfaction that we're getting from customers, and then just reception in general from the seller base.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Great. Just one on the U.K. and then one on the operating margins. So The U.K. C2C growth acceleration, how does that map to what you saw in Germany in the first few months? And is the double-digit improvement -- is that kind of now at a new equilibrium or should we increase further potentially? And then on the revenue side over there, does that fully catch up to GMV once we have like a full quarter in 2Q? Any color on that? And then I'll ask the follow-up next.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, I'll take the first part and then Steve can talk about what we're seeing on the take rate. So, yes, we're really pleased with the improvement that we've seen in the business and it's similar to what we saw in Germany. Remember that we launched there, I talked about 20-point improvement in CSAT, and we're seeing here 20-point improvements in C2C first-gen listers, in new and reactivated sellers, in local pickup GMV, so exactly what we intend to see. Your question on fully ramped, what we saw in Germany was even a year post launching, we continue to see that strong momentum in the business, and that's what I expect to see in the U.K. We've got a strong CSAT. It's really resonating with customers, et cetera. Steve, maybe you want to talk about the overall take rate?
Steve Priest: Yes. So with regards to the bioprotection fees, we've recently put those in into the U.K. and we're still ramping managed shipping as we go through the quarter. And this phasing is creating a temporary headwind for take rate, which obviously is mostly offset by ads in financial services in the guide that we've given. As it pertains to your question about getting back to normalized levels in the full year, we are expecting a take rate expansion in 2025 overall. We'd expect advertising to the biggest driver of that. But as we sort of noticed, as we get the full ramp out of the U.K. initiative with the bio fees and the managed shipping goes through, we expect our U.K. C2C take rate to reach a run rate slightly higher than the level prior to The U.K. initiative. Q - Ross Sandler Got it. Okay. And then on the op margin guidance for full year, Steve, I think the slide said that Op Inc will grow in line with revenue, but there was also like 100 bps of like those kind of headwind items around depreciation and a few other things offset by FX. So I guess the question is are op margins -- non-GAAP op margins going up or are they flat, like I was just a little confused as to what we were saying in that slide.
Steve Priest: Yes. That's fine. So we continue to target the optimal combination of GMV growth and operating margin to maximize operating income dollar growth. That's the key thing for us. That's our North Star in terms of generating operating income dollar growth. And we're obviously pleased with the progress that we made in 2024. As you stated and as we stated in the outlook, we've got -- our expectations is that our operating income dollar growth will modestly be ahead of our low-single-digit GMV growth for 2025, but it implies the operating margin is relatively flat. Despite headwinds of around 70 basis points net, which I outlined earlier, the depreciation around 50 basis points from U.K.-managed shipping because we're recognizing that growth, about 30 basis points from M&A pressure of 20 bps offset by some FX goodness of 30 basis points. We'll continue to get the balance right. We're going to continue to reinvest in the business, drive long-term sustainable growth, while continuing to deliver robust earnings growth in 2025.
Ross Sandler: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Jones from Citizens. Your line is open.
Nick Jones: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess if I could ask maybe a bigger picture question. As we look at all these kind of great innovations and investments you're making around product and focus categories, and kind of tie that to kind of on GMV growth expectations. And then maybe a step further, laying that against kind of the broader backdrop where ecommerce continues to grow, retail -- it is more difficult retail is kind of hang in there. And I guess how -- philosophically, how are you thinking about eBay's position in a world where kind of wallet shares kind of consolidating to the Amazon and Walmart's of the world and then Shopify is enabling a bunch of kind of single product branded companies to come. I guess, how do you view ecommerce from here as you're making these investments, and where a marketplace like eBay fits in? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, yes, good question. So when you look at -- let's start with our Focus Categories. The whole thesis that we laid out was getting Focus Categories to grow at ecommerce rates of growth and they have been. So our Focus Categories are growing 5% in 2024. In aggregate, we actually think we picked up share in '24 in our Focus Categories by a bit. And so we're seeing exactly what we intended to see. When you look at the overall ecommerce numbers, to your question, it's important to take into consideration that U.K. and Germany are second and third largest markets. And when you look at those e-commerce growth rates over the course of last year, they've been kind of hovering around the 0% range and that's overall ecommerce. So that includes consumable ecommerce, which is like grocery pickup, et cetera, is all in those numbers, which has been -- which has been growing, especially with inflation and we play more in the discretionary and commerce. So from a relative perspective in this macro-environment, we feel really great about the performance that we're seeing. The past three quarters, we've seen positive GMV growth. But we're only part-way through the strategic work that we're doing. And as we get to new Focus Categories, as we've made improvements in the horizontal experience, leveraging Gen A, we've gotten -- we've gotten to the point where our core categories are growing as well and then we're continuing to invest really around this non-new and season area where we see market share growing potentially even faster than new and season over-time. So we're going to continue to launch new areas and new verticals, new categories like I talked about with vehicles and eBay Live. We're unlocking a much bigger TAM opportunity in the U.K. with what we're doing in C2C and we feel good about building off the momentum that we have even in this macro environment.
John Egbert: Hey, operator, can we do one last question, please?
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Stephen Ju from UBS. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Hey, thank you. So Jamie, the slide in your deck about Klarna was interesting. I'm just wondering if there is an opportunity for you to capture some share of the economics that they might be generating because presumably you're hoping -- you're helping them source loans from the activity on eBay, or should we just view this as a potential accelerate to the GMV growth. Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, we don't ever comment on specific economics of specific partners. What I would tell you is that Klarna is actually -- it's a partnership that we announced in Q4 to expand in most of our countries in Europe. And what it's nice about it is it's really helping consumers lean into higher ASP products. So when we see the average order value on, Klarna it's 3 to 4 times higher than the market average. And it's a continuation of what we've been doing, which is providing more choice to customers, more forms of payment, et cetera. And it's driving -- it's helping us drive incremental GMV on the platform. If I take a step back, when I look at what's happening in financial services, it's not just about kind of the economics that we've created by bringing payments onto the platform, but it's the synergies that we've created with our strategy. So one that I would call out recently is eBay balance. So by bringing payments in-house, that's enabled us on our C2C strategy to basically help those buyers who turn into casual sellers buy more on the platform. And what we're seeing is that it actually stimulates the flywheel for us. It helps drive more buying behavior. The majority of them are using their eBay balance to purchase back on eBay. And in that example, we end up with a cost of payments of zero. And so it does help us on the expense side as well. And it's another example of how we're leveraging our financial solutions product. I'll end probably with seller capital. Another example of what it does is it helps sellers get loans in a few minutes and grow their business on eBay. And I was talking to Angie, who is one of our sellers. She runs a store called GreenGo Surplus and around the elections, her business was a little soft and she had to buy a truck for her business. And she filled out -- we work with a partner called Liberis. She fills out this form in a couple of minutes and then relatively quickly has that loan. And she was like, this helped me get through that tough time period in my business. I've already paid off a third of the loan here really quickly and it's another example of how we're kind of supporting small business on the platform. So excited for the Klarna deal, but also just excited and more broadly with the work that's happening with our financial services team. Thanks for the question, Stephen.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes eBay's fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the eBay Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to John Egbert, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
John Egbert: Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us for eBay's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary during he call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'll remind you that this conference call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect organic FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, and all earnings per share amounts reflect earnings per diluted share, unless indicated otherwise. During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 30, 2024. We do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. Q3 was another strong quarter for eBay as our gross merchandise volume grew by over 1% to $18.3 billion, marking our second straight quarter of positive GMV growth. Revenue increased by more than 3% to $2.58 billion. Non-GAAP operating income grew by 6% and we grew non-GAAP earnings per share by 16% to $1.19. Now let's turn to the key drivers of our Q3 results. Our focused categories continue to deliver relevant experiences to customers and drive growth for our overall marketplace. Focus category GMV grew by nearly 5% in Q3, outpacing the remainder of our marketplace by approximately five points. This growth was driven by broad-based momentum across motors, parts and accessories, collectibles, refurbished and our luxury fashion categories. Collectibles had a particularly strong quarter as trading GMV accelerated to double-digit growth in Q3, driven by strength in sports trading cards and collectible card gains both on the eBay platform and through our subsidiary, TCGplayer. During Q3, we engaged with Collectibles enthusiasts at key industry trade shows including the National Sports Collectors Convention, GenCon and San Diego, Cometa. We expanded our high ASP inventory through monthly marquee auctions and consignment from trusted partners like TSA and ComC. And we continue to scale and evolve the eBay live experience, fueling particular momentum in areas like trading card case break. On top healthy organic momentum, our recent acquisition Goldin is opening up exciting opportunities in the collectibles world. Just last week, Ken Goldin and team completed a record sales for Shohei Ohtani's 50th homerun ball, which sold for nearly $4.4 million, making it the most valuable baseball ever sold. Auctions for truly one-of-a-kind items like this can generate a lot of awareness for our platform where hobbyists can shop for everything ranging from low ASP ungraded trading cards to some of the world's most valuable collectible items. Fashion is also a critical entry point for us. As nearly one in five new sellers and buyers come to eBay through fashion category. During Q3, we launched a new creative campaign called Things People Love to raise awareness of eBay's value proposition in pre-love fashion. We focused on driving relevance with key audiences like GenZ by highlighting eBay's breadth and depth of quality pre-loved inventory backed by truck. Our full funnel marketing strategy has been instrumental in driving continued momentum in focused categories and healthier trends in active buyers, which grew nearly 1% to $133 million in Q3. One of the key building blocks underpinning our return to positive GMV growth has been our geo-specific investment, where we leverage our innovation playbook from focused categories to better serve customer needs at the local level. While many of these product experience changes benefit all sellers and buyers, we are particularly focused on consumer-to-consumer or C2C sellers for several reasons. C2C sellers bring some of the most unique inventory to eBay and are typically less price sensitive than B2C sellers. C2C sellers accelerate e-commerce as roughly 60% of their GMV comes from used and refurbished items compared to 40% for our marketplace overall. Selling on eBay also creates a flywheel effect that stimulates incremental GMV as buyers who sell purchased roughly twice as much on eBay as non-sellers with most of their incremental spend supporting small businesses. As a reminder, our first major geo-specific initiative launched in Germany in March of 2023, and more than 18 months later, we continue to see significantly higher customer satisfaction or CSAT and improved GMV trends for the overall German market. This past April, we rolled out significant enhancements in the UK for pre-owned apparel categories. These improvements included simplified tools for selling and new tools to drive demand through enhanced discovery like Explore and Shop the look. Since then, we have observed material improvements to key C2C metrics like CSAT and active sellers alongside a double-digit improvement in C2C GMV growth in pre-owned apparel versus our prior baseline. The success of our Germany initiative over the last 1.5 years and similar results in the UK over the last six months gave us the confidence to move forward with a significant expansion of our UK initiative earlier this month. We introduced a suite of new capabilities to upgrade the overall C2C experience in UK, including a simplified native listing flow, managed shipping, which streamlines the domestic shipping experience and creates a new revenue stream for eBay, improved local pickup and discovery capabilities and eBay balance, which allows UK sellers to store their earnings or use them as spendable funds on eBay. We accompanied this future rollout with a full funnel marketing campaign in the UK, which highlights the ease of selling on eBay. We also eliminated final value fees and regulatory operating keys for UK C2C sellers across all categories, excluding motor vehicles. We made this change due to clear evidence that European consumers are more motivated to lift their items online when it's free to sell even when buyer fees are introduced. We believe reducing the friction to sell will unlock a significantly larger total addressable market, or TAM, in C2C. We will initially monetize our UK C2C volume in several ways, including advertising, cross-border fees and our sell-to-buy flywheel. In Q4, we will begin to ramp our managed shipping initiative in the UK. We also plan introduce a buyer-facing fee on UK's C2C transactions during Q1 of 2025. Next, I'll walk through some of the major enhancements to the UK experience. One of the most significant changes we launched in October was the horizontal rollout of a simplified native listing flow for UK C2C sellers. This experience dramatically reduces the number of steps and decision points for sellers, offers intelligent pricing recommendations, seamlessly integrates AI-generated descriptions and photo enhancements and better highlights the benefits of advertising. Since launch, the simplified flow has notably decreased time to list, improved listing completion rates, increased conversion, sold items and GMV per listing attempt and elevated adoption of promoted listings. With managed shipping, we are completely overhauling our shipping experience for C2C sellers in the UK in two phases. The first phase completed in early October, extended the simplified shipping experience we first rolled out in pre-owned apparel to all categories. Within the new native listing flow, UK C2C sellers now see a consolidated list of shipping options based on the estimated package size and weight. And since implementing this change, we have observed a significant reduction in time spent on shipping in a listing flow. The second phase of managed shipping; radically simplifies the experience and creates a new revenue stream for eBay. Similar to managed payments and eBay international shipping, Managed shipping leverages our scale and expertise to create a better experience for customers while generating incremental revenue and operating income dollars. When listing eligible products sellers simply confirm the pre-selected package size and eBay handles the rest. Buyers received competitive shipping rates and sellers are fully protected against loss or damage. Managed shipping is currently live for C2C pre-owned apparel listing in the UK. In Q4, we plan to expand managed shipping horizontally on an opt-out basis, before mandating the program for eligible items listed by U.C2C sellers during Q1 of 2025. In addition to shipping, we launched a number of enhancements to the local pickup experience in the UK. As these transactions make up a significant portion of our C2C TAM in this market, we increased local supply by defaulting new C2C listings to offer both pickup and shipping options. We created a new eBay local landing page and map view for optimal browsing of nearby inventory. We also enhance trust, improve post-sale education for shoppers and streamline the in-person payment process. Since launch, we've seen a significant uptick in locally enabled listings in the UK and a double-digit improvement in local C2C volume growth. Lastly, in mid-October, we added the eBay balance feature in the UK. This gives millions of C2C sellers the flexibility to use their earnings to shop on eBay, promote their listings, purchase shipping labels or withdrawal available funds whenever they wish. With eBay balance, we believe we can further stimulate the cell to buy flywheel and also reduce the cost of payments when sellers spend their earnings on eBay. Taking a step back by making these changes, we believe we are addressing three of the longest-standing pain points for UK sellers on eBay. These delist the amount of time and effort it takes to create a listing and the complexities involved with shipping. During the first few weeks since the broader UK C2C initiative launch, we've seen more than 20-point increases in new and reactivated listers and sellers and material increases in C2C sold items and GMV. We are confident that these changes will not only be great for our community, but also our shareholders. Our strategic focus on C2C should open up a significantly larger TAM in e-commerce by unlocking consumers' closets, basements and garages. Our teams continue to leverage the power of artificial intelligence to deliver magical innovations for our customers. In recent months, eBay's core AI team released the second generation of our proprietary LiLiuM series of large language models, developed in-house using our high-performance supercomputer. Notably, these models have outperformed public benchmarks in eBay specific tasks like description generation, title creation, aspect extraction and pricing predictions. Behind the scenes, these models have already been deployed to accelerate the transformation of selling and buying on eBay, including magical listing. The first phase of our magic listing experience generates high-quality listing descriptions with the push of a button. Approximately 10 million unique sellers have used this feature to date, creating over 100 million listings. GenAI enhanced listings have also generated several billion dollars of cumulative GMV on eBay. Additionally, more than one-quarter of US mobile app users have access to the next iteration of magic listing and beta. After taking or uploading a photo, this experience leverages computer vision and generative AI to pre--fill or suggest the title, category, description and other item aspects for listing. This app for this beta remains extremely high at roughly 90% as we continue to optimize model performance and efficiency. We are also leveraging GenAI to enhance our tools for our B2C sellers, we recently introduced the magical bulk listing tool, which leverages our internal LLM to seamlessly create a large number of pre-populated listings at one. Sellers simply uploads photos in bulk and individual listings are created with category, title and item specifics pre-filled where possible. The magical bulk listing tool was launched for all B2C US trading card sellers in Q3 and early feedback has been extremely positive. In Q4, we've also begun to roll out this tool to sellers in other categories. Turning next to advertising. During Q3, first-party advertising grew 14% and while total ad revenue grew 11% to $408 million and eclipse 2.2% penetration of GMV. Nearly 3.2 million sellers adopted a single ad product during the quarter, and we ended Q3 with over $1 billion live promoted listings out of more than $2.1 billion total live listings. Within the ads portfolio, Promoted Listings were the largest contributor to year-over-year growth led by cost per click ad unit. Promoted offsite ads were the fastest growing among our first-party ads. And during the quarter, we rolled out several performance optimizations and scaled our go-to-market efforts for these ads, raising awareness, adoption and retention amongst our seller base. Promoted stores ads are the most nascent product in our portfolio. But during Q3, we began to gradually ramp these ads through contextually relevant placements at the top of search and on the new order details page. Next, I'd like to discuss our work in payments and financial services, where we continue to expand choice and flexibility for buyers, and offer new solutions for sellers to grow their businesses on eBay. In Germany, we are expanding our breadth of payment options through our partnership with Riverty, a German Fintech company offering solutions used by 28 million consumers. We are introducing a monthly invoice payment option through Riverty, enabling German buyers to pay for multiple purchases on eBay at a later date with no interest or fees if the payment is made on time. According to an eBay consumer survey, more than three-quarter of online shoppers in Germany prefer to use invoicing as a payment method for online shopping. So we are pleased to offer another locally relevant payment option for our customers in this region. For small business sellers, we continue to expand the eBay seller capital program through trusted partners. In July, we launched Business Cash Advance, a revenue-based financing solution provided by Liberis. In October, we expanded our partnership with Liberis to offer flexible cash advances to US sellers. This program offers financing for sums of up to $2 million with the flexibility for sellers to tap into capital on demand and a lot more financing over time. I am pleased to share that through these programs with Liberis, we have already enabled thousands of small business sellers access to over $40 million of growth capital. And in aggregate, across all of our seller capital partnership, we've connected eBay sellers with over $100 million of working capital year-to-date. Next, I'd like to share a few ways we're making an impact in our community. eBay for Charity raised more than $49 million in Q3, up 21% year-over-year. Additionally, the eBay Foundation awarded nearly $3 million to Grand Teas across the globe who are supporting entrepreneurship for historically excluded groups. I'm always amazed by the generosity of our buyers and sellers, and I'm proud we're able to support important causes around the world. In closing, Q3 was another strong quarter for eBay. We sustained positive GMV growth for the second straight quarter, amid a dynamic macro and operating environment, led by nearly 5% growth in our focus categories. The rest of our marketplace was nearly flat for the second consecutive quarter, supported by horizontal innovation and our C2C investments in key geographies. We continue to see strong growth in our first-party ad products across portfolio and broaden our range of payments and financial service offerings for sellers and buyers. And importantly, we remain focused on operational discipline alongside our investments in long-term growth initiatives to ensure continued healthy growth in operating income and earnings per share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over you.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with the financial highlights section of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll discuss our key financial and operating metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our outlook for the fourth quarter and initial thoughts on next year before we begin Q&A. My comments will reflect year-over-year comparison on an organic FX-neutral basis, unless I note otherwise. eBay delivered strong top and bottom line results in Q3 our focused categories, geo-specific investments from horizontal initiatives drove a second consecutive quarter of positive GMV growth amid an uneven macroeconomic environment. Gross merchandise volume grew over 1% to $18.3 billion. Revenue grew over 3% to $2.58 billion. Non-GAAP operating income grew 6% to $700 million. We delivered $1.19 of non-GAAP earnings per share, up 16%, and we returned $881 million to shareholders to be reported on dividend. Let's take a closer look at our financial performance during the third quarter. Gross merchandise volume grew over 1% to $18.3 billion on an organic FX-neutral basis. Goldin contributed nearly 30 basis points of total FX-neutral volume growth and foreign exchange was a tailwind of nearly 30 basis points of spot growth. We continue to face a dynamic macro and consumer spending environment in the quarter. And as we noted on the last earnings call, political news, sporting events and elevated travel in July influenced consumer behavior. Strong execution within our strategic initiatives helped us navigate these headwinds. Focused category GMV grew nearly 5%, approximately five points faster than the remainder of our marketplace. Our momentum in focused categories is broad-based with continued positive growth in P&A, collectibles, refurbished and our luxury categories. The remainder of our marketplace is nearly flat year-over-year for the second straight quarter, driven by craft category shopping, horizontal innovation, geo-specific initiatives and resilient growth in e-commerce. Moving to our trends on a geographic basis. US GMV grew by nearly one point in the third quarter. Similar to Q2, we saw improved trends in organic traffic in the US and continued momentum in focused categories led by collectibles, refurbished and luxury fashion. International GMV grew by nearly 2% on an FX-neutral basis in Q3, while FX was a 0.5 point tailwind spot growth. In the UK and Germany, we continue to navigate more challenging macroeconomic conditions and lower consumer confidence while seeing strength in parts and accessories and improved trends in C2C volume. Cross-border trade continues to be an important driver of international GMV growth, led by exports in Greater China and Japan into our major markets. CBT was also a significant contributor to growth and focused categories, particularly P&L. Next, let's take a look at buyers. Trailing 12 month active buyers grew by nearly 1% to $133 million. Our strategic initiatives and full funnel marketing campaigns help drive continued growth in new and reactivated buyers and improved retention. Buyers were stable at roughly $16 million [indiscernible] buyer grew slightly year-over-year to just over $3,100. Moving to revenue. In Q3, we grew revenue by over 3% to $2.58 billion, foreign exchange was a 30 basis point headwind to spot revenue growth. Our take rate was 14.1% and nearly 20 basis points year-over-year; first-party advertising, shipping and financial services all contributed to our take rate expansion, which was slightly offset by the CTC initiatives and an FX headwind of nearly 10 basis points. On a sequential basis, our take rate expanded by over 10 basis points. Total advertising revenue grew 11% to $408 million in the third quarter and represented over 2.2% penetration of GMV. First-party ads grew over 14% to $396 million, and we accelerated modestly from Q2 level. Third-party display ads revenue declined nearly 43% year-over-year as we continue to deprecate these legacy ad units. Next, I'll discuss our profitability. Non-GAAP gross margin was flat year-over-year as a reduction in cost of payments and lower depreciation expenses were roughly offset by traffic acquisition costs, tax related matters and foreign exchange headwind. Non-GAAP operating margin expanded by over 80 basis points year-over-year to 27.2% in Q3, driven by operational efficiencies, partly offset by investments in full funnel marketing and a foreign exchange headwind of roughly 20 basis points. Our non-GAAP operating income grew 6% in the quarter, while non-GAAP earnings per share grew 16% to $1.19. On a GAAP basis, we reported earnings per share of $1.29 in Q3. The difference was primarily due to an increase in the value of our investment portfolio, partly offset by stock-based compensation. Turning to our balance sheet and capital allocation. Our free cash flow for the third quarter was $646 million, down year-over-year due to the timing of cash taxes. Last year, the majority of our cash tax payments delays until Q4 due to California's disaster tax release program. At the end of Q3, we had cash and non-equity investments of $5.8 billion and gross debt of $7.4 billion. We repurchased $750 million of eBay shares during Q3 at an average price of approximately $57 and had roughly $1.2 billion remaining under our buyback authorization the end of the period. In addition, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $131 million in September or $0.27 per share. Shifting to our investment portfolio, our equity investments and warrants were valued at $3 billion at the end of the quarter with [indiscernible], Adevinta and G-Market accounted for majority of the value. We retained approximately 18% ownership of Adevinta, which is a privatized ad event entity, and that ownership is valued at roughly $1.9 billion based on the value as at the close of the transaction. The consortium led by Permira and Blackstone as the option through November 29th to purchase from eBay roughly 10% ownership of the private entity for just over $1 billion. Our adding warrants were valued at approximately $0.5 billion at the end of Q3. On October 15th, we met the processing volume milestone necessary to invest the second tranche of our Adevinta. We subsequently paid $105 million to exercise the chance for approximately 404,000 shares of Adevinta stock, which are valued at approximately $602 million based on the company's share price at the time. Turning to our outlook. We expect to generate GMV between $18.9 billion and $19.3 billion in the fourth quarter, representing FX-neutral growth between flat from 2% year-over-year. We expect Goldin to contribute over 30 basis points of GMV growth in the quarter. At current rates, foreign currency would represent a roughly two-point tailwind to GMV growth in Q4. We expect continued momentum in GMV to be driven by multiple strategic initiatives across focused categories, the UK and Germany and horizontal areas. Our outlook also contemplates a challenging operating environment due to persistent economic headwinds and several one-off dynamics in Q4, secifically greater consumer attention on US elections, a shorter holiday shopping period this year from Hurricane Milton in early October the forecast revenue between $2.53 billion and $2.59 billion in the fourth quarter, representing FX-neutral growth of negative 1% to positive 1%. At current rates, we estimate FX would represent a nearly 30 basis point tailwind to spot revenue growth. We anticipate our UK C2C initiative will modestly benefit total GMV growth in Q4. While certain existing levers like advertising, cross-border fees, and our sell-to-buy flywheel to continue to contribute revenue on UK C2C volume. We do not expect material revenue contribution in Q4 from our two major remonetization efforts. Managed shipping, which is ramping starting in Q4 through Q1 of 2025 and Biofeedback, which we plan to introduce in the back half of Q1. We launched our UK initiative in October to provide the best experience for our sellers and buyers and our second largest market ahead of the critical holiday season. We also believe it is the right decision to phase in this new monetization program to give our customers time to adjust to changes. For Q4, we forecast non-GAAP operating margin between 26.5% and 27%. In addition to pressure from our UK initiative, expenses related to M&A and integration costs and over 30 basis points of impact to our consolidated operating margin and foreign currency is another 60 basis points of headwind year-over-year. For the full year, this implies 60 to 70 basis points of non-GAAP operating margin expansion. We expect to generate non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.17 and $1.22 in the fourth quarter, representing year-over-year growth between 9% and 14%. This implies full year non-GAAP EPS growth between 13% and 14%. We forecast capital expenditure to be about 4.5% of revenue for the full year, and our non-GAAP tax rate to remain stable at 16.5%. We continue to expect free cash flow of just under $2 billion for the full year. We are further raising our share repurchase target for 2024 to $3 billion, implying $750 million of repurchase during Q4. In addition, our Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.27 per share for the fourth quarter to be paid in December. Now, I'd like to make a few initial comments on our financial priorities for 2025. We plan to balance the need to reinvest for long-term growth against the near-term top and bottom line performance. Assuming an unchanged macro environment, we are planning our business to run positive FX-neutral GMV and revenue growth. Non-GAAP operating income dollar growth modestly ahead of GMV and high single-digit growth in non-GAAP earnings per share year-over-year. As it pertains to margins, we plan to target the optimal combination of GMV growth and operating margin to maximize operating income dollar growth. There were some unique considerations for 2025, influencing our financial architecture. Similar to eBay International shipping program, our managed shipping initiative in the U. we recognize revenue on a gross basis. Our current assumption is that UK managed shipping will pressure our consolidated non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 40 basis points in 2025, while contributing positively to operating income dollars. In closing, Q3 was another strong quarter for eBay. Our GMV grew for a second consecutive quarter. Non-GAAP operating income grew 6% and non-GAAP earnings per share grew 16%. These results clearly demonstrate that our strategy is working, we have the right balance between delivering robust standing, reinvesting to drive long-term sustainable growth and delivering healthy capital returns to shareholders. We plan to follow these same principles and build on this year's momentum as we finalize our plans for 2025. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ygal Arounian from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Ygal Arounian: Hey guys, good afternoon. I wanted to ask on the e-commerce initiatives, it seems to be a greater focus here. Maybe first, just on the monetization efforts. How should we think about the catch-up to breakeven on the fees that you're giving up? And do you think that over time, the new monetization model can be more monetizable than the previous one? And how do we think about -- or how do you think about this opportunity and expanding it to the US? And if it works in the UK, and is worth in Germany and how could this expand to eBay more broadly?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Look, we're launching this from a position of strength. Let me tell you how we're thinking about it. We've delivered positive GMV growth in the past two quarters. And we have strong conviction. We started 1.5 years ago in Germany and saw really strong results there. And our early results in preowned apparel in the U.K. give us the confidence to move forward. We made the decision to launch this in October 1 to really take advantage of the holiday period in our second largest market. We believe it's the right decision to phase this in for our sellers and buyers, because the other thing you've got to remember here, Ygal, is just it's a change to the marketplace, and we want to give sellers and buyers time to adjust their processes. So that's why we're going to ramp up managed shipping through Q4 and Q1. And why we decided to introduce the buyer fees in the back half of Q1. So the pressure that you're seeing on revenue in Q4 is primarily a timing dynamic given that ramp of managed shipping over Q4 and through Q1. And then introducing the buyer fee in the back half of Q1, so some of that remonetization lag will likely spill over to Q1. But we believe that these changes are clear, we believe based on where buyer fees are in the UK, we have the ability to remonetize these moving those fees around. And remember, it's not just those two, but it's also advertising. It's the cross-border fees that we charge, because as well as the seller buyer flywheel that we see. But the strategic benefits of doing this are really clear. We're going to unlock a significant portion of TAM in our second largest market and ultimately generate long-term growth for eBay and value for our shareholders. And as Steve said, Steve gave some preliminary commentary on FY 2025. And as we expect to grow GMV and revenue year-on-year, grew operating income modestly faster than GMV and increased our EPS by high single digits year-over-year. To your question on the US, we have no plans to launch free selling in the US. US is a different market from the UK. UK buyers and sellers are more open to buyer fees. It's more standard in the market. There may be certain aspects of the product experience that streamlined selling that we bring to other markets. And as you know, we look at each market in categories and think about the specifics of what the optimal set of initiatives to unlock more supply and demand for that specific market.
Ygal Arounian: Thanks. And like a follow-up on the second-gen of ROI [ph]. You guys are releasing and some of what you're seeing, you talked about outperforming the public benchmarks. Any way to frame how that's impacting volume growth, are you seeing it roll through yet? Is there any way to quantify that? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah, we are. It's been really great to see how sellers and buyers have responded to this. In that new model, we're outperforming the public benchmarks on things like descriptions, titles, aspect, we've seen a better job at precision pricing, increasing by double digits through these new models that we have on the platform. And what's great about the AI that we're launching is it's having a major impact at scale. So if I look at it just since we've launched these tools, over 10 million sellers have taken advantage of it, and over 100 million listings have adopted it. And cumulatively, we've generated several billion dollars of cumulative GMV from GenAI enhanced listing since launch. And we're still continuing to ramp up, improve the models, expose more and more people to Magical listings. So I feel really good about it. The other thing is we saw some demand from our small business and our B2C sellers, to have access to the tools that we have built. So this quarter, we launched Magical Bulk listings. And essentially, what that does is if I'm a business seller, let's say, I've got 25 watches or trading cards that I want to list, I can just upload a couple of photos of each and will, in the background, use our large language model and the product knowledge graph to fill in all the description, title and aspect information for those using that same technology that we built for single listings to do bulk listing. So still early stages, but really excited by the performance of what we're seeing in AI.
Ygal Arounian: Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thanks for providing the framework for 2025, very helpful. A couple of questions on that. So first, on focus categories within the positive GMV, is there still room to grow faster there? And what are some of the initiatives that you're most excited about? And then on take rates, maybe I know you can give us a revenue growth, but some of the puts and takes for revenue take rates on GMV next year? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So I'll start with the first one and then Steve will talk about the take rate. So on focused categories, yeah, look, another solid quarter. We delivered 5% growth, parts and accessories continues to be a big growth driver of our focus categories. But we saw some momentum in other areas, specifically, Id talk about collectibles. We saw double-digit growth in collectibles this quarter. You've probably been seeing a number of the things that we were doing, but the combination of work that we're doing with TCGplayer, our Goldin, which is Goldin provides some of the world's most desirable inventory that's out there on the marketplace. If you're on Goldin right now, you see that we're doing Luke Homes and Eric Church are doing, raising money for the Carolinas, and that's all being driven by our family at Goldin, and then when you look at trading cards in particular, we've had this healthy run rate off of it, I said, as double-digit growth, really based on all of the innovations that we've done over time, like my collections, price guides, authentication, but also the grading partnership that we put in place with PSA, where now instead of sending an item into be graded and describe it on the way into grading and then getting it back and then listing it again on eBay then having to shift it to the buyer. That's all one seamless process now where I just ship it to PSA and it gets sold. So we're really seeing strength across the board in all of our focus categories. Refurbished continues to do well in this marketplace where people are -- consumers are challenged. And our luxury has also been contributing positively to year-over-year growth for the eighth straight quarter. So the work that we're doing with our new authentication center is there. So we have lots of momentum in our focus categories. We continue to expand the work we've done there. And I'm also just excited because the work that we've done for focused categories by verticals, we've been able to apply these geo-specific areas to C2C to great effect. I mean if you look at Germany, for example, we increased our C2C seller CSAT by 20 percentage points. And that's led to a real change in trajectory of our German business versus the prior baseline. So we will continue to push forward with our strategy, and we like what we're seeing.
Steve Priest: Hi, Justin. Good to speak this afternoon. Obviously, we provided a fair bit of color on our 2025 architecture in the prepared remarks and believe this is a really robust financial outlook for 2025 and the continuation of the progress that we've continued to make this year. We're not going to provide any more specific precise guidance around take rate at this point, because we're finalizing our budgets. But I can talk to a few factors that you can consider for 2025. The first one is on shipping. Obviously, Jamie just elaborated on our UK C2C initiative. UK is our second largest market by volume and has a higher C2C penetration in Germany. And while there's this near-term impact on take rate as we eliminated final value fees for sellers, we will be monetizing that through the managed shipping, which is ramping now and will continue into the first quarter and the buyer fees, which is planned for the back half of Q1. The second item is really around advertising and financial services. We do expect advertising to continue to grow faster than GMV, driven by the momentum in first-party promoted listings and off-site ads and obviously, the improved seller experience that's coming from that. And to a lesser extent, we do expect some incremental revenue associated to financial services as we get into 2025.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks. Maybe just sticking with the 2025 framework, does the 2025 framework assume expansion of focus categories next year? And can you remind us some of the larger categories on the platform that have yet to get focused category investment at this point? And then maybe just one on competition. You have a scaled sports-related collectible competitors who have direct relationships with leagues and maybe some supply advantages there, Walmart partnering in the fashion and sneaker vertical. Can you comment at all, would you see some of the most important strategic most in those two categories specifically to fight up competition from some of the larger competitors moving in there?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. As you know, Lee, we don't preannounce kind of anything that we're doing on focus categories for competitive reasons. I will say we have five categories that are over $10 billion on eBay, fashion, home and garden, collectibles, electronics and motors, parts and accessories. And so it shows you the breadth of what we have on there. We did purposely take some of the playbook that we've had going against verticals and put it against goes to great effect, and we really like the ROI that we've seen against that. The second thing I would say is that the horizontal investments that we've been making to drive our core categories have been really beneficial. And that's because of all of the generative AI capabilities we've been able to apply, those help both our focus categories but also in our core categories. And it's the second quarter in a row where we've had nearly flat growth in our core categories. To your question on collectibles business and competitive positioning, we feel great about the innovation that we're driving quarter after quarter from that standpoint. I mentioned this quarter as a very scaled player in the market. We continue to see double-digit growth in trading cards. We put together a really nice collection of assets. When you think about from TCGplayer in collectible card games to what we do on eBay to now Goldin, we sell everything from ungraded trading cards to the highest value products in hobby. And that's valuable, because collectors are generally looking kind of across that span to do so, and all the innovation that we've been driving in that category with collections, price guides, authentication, products that we've launched with TSA this new partnership that we've put in place with collectors. I mean, just think about it, all the things that we've been innovating are the exact things that collectors have asked us to do for years. They've asked us to say, make it easy for us to send a card in for grading and sell it on eBay. And now that's really seamless, and the CSAT on that is very, very high. When you look at the innovation that we're driving in eBay Live, we've done more and more case breaks every single quarter and added new capabilities there. We recently added last quarter, the ability to do buy spot, which is essentially to purchase your favorite team and track that through a case breaks and we continue to grow it. And the last thing I'd say is that, look, we've had had and we still have incredible relationships with top collectible sellers and we've always been a champion of the hobby shop. It's why we did TCGplayer deal. And we believe in open marketplace where enthusiasts can buy and sell the things that they love.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks guys. Appreciate the questions. I guess, first, Jamie, given these platform initiatives, I mean, do you think any of these will convert into growth and enthusiast buyers? Or is it really about increasing spending or share of wallet among the existing buyer base? And then the follow-up would be, I guess, Steve, regarding the Q4 one-off factors, could you maybe quantify the impact on growth you're embedding in guidance from those distractions, and if we should think about that as maybe potential upside if consumers end up spending at normal levels during the holidays? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Great question, Colin. So first off, absolutely, we see that converting into buyers and enthusiast buyers. You'll note that this quarter, we were up 1% in our active buyer count to $133 million, and while that's not a core KPI of it is an output of the strategy and the strategic initiatives that we've been driving and a healthy buyer funnel is important to our growth in enthusiast buyers. When you look specifically at the C2C initiative that we did in Germany and that we're talking about in the UK, it's great for the buying perspective for a couple of reasons. First is when we convert a buyer into seller, they become at least twice as valuable as a buyer as previously on the platform. And that's really great for buying. The second thing is C2C has really -- I call it the inventory goal on the platform. In general, they're bringing on things that aren't sold by a B2C seller or by a small business, think about all the stuff that you have around the house, that's not available from a B2C seller. And so when I look at the overall platform, we're about 40% used to refurbish, but in our C2C sellers, it's 60%. And so that unique inventory drives demand. It drives demand amid enthusiast buyers who find that part or that card or that thing they couldn't otherwise find on eBay. And the other great thing is that a little over three-quarters of our volume is B2C, but the vast majority of our sellers is C2C. And so what you see happening there is that, that flywheel of those C2C buying more from -- once they become buyers, actually, the majority of that new purchasing goes to small businesses and B2C sellers. So B2C sellers win as well from that increased buying activity on the platform. And that's why we really like the synergy of what we're seeing overall. It's why when we look at the trends in our German business, they're much healthier than before we made these changes. And we're excited both for what it does for sellers, but importantly, the demand that it drives for buyers. You'll also see across all of our markets, a new marketing campaign that's called Things People Love. And I think we had a link in the slide deck to show you some of the creative, but I'm really excited by the storytelling, because there's both a buying message in there but also a selling message about unlocking what's in your closet, your garage, your basement, and that's really healthy for us to drive that new initiative, and it's extremely well done, and it tested well. I'm excited for those campaigns.
Steve Priest: Hi, Colin, just with regards to our assumptions in the fourth quarter that informed our guide on GMV. First thing, I would say, I'm really pleased with the position we're in and achieving another positive growth in the third quarter around GMV, our second consecutive quarter, while we continue to navigate a very dynamic macro environment. It's really a reflection of the investments that we've continued to make in focused categories in UK and Germany and the horizontal areas, which are continuing to drive health on the overall platform. And as Jamie talked about, our UK C2C proposition launched on the 1st of October, ahead of the holidays and we believe that's going to provide a modest boost to fourth quarter GMV, and we're pleased with the early results so far. Assuming no discernible change in the macro environment, there are a number of one-timers that we've contemplated as we think about the fourth quarter. The first is, obviously, the upcoming US elections. The second is the shorter holiday season with fewer days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And in October, we saw the impacts of Hurricane Milton, which impacted demand, particularly in P&A, in shipping and deliveries. So I firmly believe that our guide balances the strong execution that we've seen year-to-date with the ongoing macro environment that we're expecting and a few of those one-offs, but really pleased with the momentum that we're seeing in the business.
Colin Sebastian: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Feather from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nathan Feather: Hi, everyone. Thanks for the question. Really encouraging to see the initial guide for positive GMV growth in 2025, I guess, what are the one or two primary things that give you conviction that you've returned back to that sustainable growth area?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. I think a couple things. One is the momentum that we're seeing across the board in focused categories being at 5% growth here and kind of growing at market rates pretty consistently over the last couple quarters. Combined with the horizontal work that we've been doing, we've now had two quarters of nearly flat. And these are all kind of building blocks, if you will, of the momentum that we're seeing in the underlying business. I talked a little bit about where we are from a buyer's perspective, but we're happy to see exactly what we thought, which was a stabilization and a 1% growth in active buyers. And the other thing is that the investments that we're making in these geos are significant opportunities for expansion in the TAM. When you look at our opportunity in UK and C2C, we think there's a big opportunity to go after really a massive TAM in terms of what people have sitting in their garages, houses, et cetera, is pretty significant. And what we've seen in the past, what we saw with the UK pre-loved fashion and what we saw in Germany is that we're able to bring on new or reactivated sellers onto the platform and then drive that ultimate buyer flywheel. So it's the combination of the momentum that we're seeing, those elements and the new initiatives that we have in place that give us confidence to put out the commentary there about 2025.
Nathan Feather: Great. That's helpful. And then how should we think about the economics of UK managed shipping relative to eBay International shipping? And can you remind us to what extent EIS drove uplift in cross-border transactions? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. It was very helpful for our cross-border trade business, and you see it in some of our cross-border trade numbers, we had an incremental $400 million listings on the platform that were available to be shipped internationally. When you look at our shipping changes, the first thing we're doing is just simplifying shipping on the platform, and that's pretty significant across our markets. But with managed shipping, it radically simplifies the experience and creates a new revenue stream for eBay. So historically, when I had to -- let's say, you were shipping a blazer to someone. You'd have to go from all the choices and figure out what you're going to list. And then if there were issues, you had to deal with it as a seller, the buyers on C2C items only really had tracking about 40% of the time. And so through managed shipping, eBay kind of manage all of that for you and really simplifies the experience on the platform. Nearly all buyers will then have tracking information for eligible items. And frankly, this creates a new revenue stream for us, just like with payments and advertising, this is a new opportunity for eBay. So, it's win from an experience standpoint, it's great on generating operating income for the business. But most importantly, it's another tool that unlocks more TAM in C2C. When we've tested this, this is now live in pre-loved fashion in UK managed shipping. Historically, it would have taken 90 seconds to get through that shipping section, and we're seeing sellers get through it under 30 seconds, and so that's really powerful when you think about just taking friction out of the experience for selling. Steve, maybe you can talk a little bit more to the financial implications on managed shipping.
Steve Priest: Yes. I think as we talked about extensively last year, there's obviously an accounting change associated with EIS and the same applies to managed shipping because we're leaning in we're taking friction off the platform. We're helping our buyers and sellers, and we become the principal. So we recognize the gross revenues and the cost of shipping. You can imagine as a result of the scale of domestic shipping is accretive to operating income -- and that's really the focus that we have in terms of operating income dollars. But because it's domestic in nature and has naturally lower operating margins because of the competitive dynamics, it's more dilutive than the IS.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nikhil Devnani from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Nikhil Devnani: When you refer to healthier trends in Germany, is that predominantly a top line comment? Or have you been able to improve the profitability of the German business as well now that you've got more activity taking place on your marketplace over there?
Jamie Iannone: Yes, both. When you look at Germany and you look at kind of the trends before we were launching this to where we are now, we're seeing really nice improvement in the business. And you can while we don't break that market out specifically, if you look in the 10-Q, you can see kind of improving revenue trends from that perspective. and exactly what we intended to see is what we're seeing, right, which is that healthier C2C business with a 20% greater CSAT, is driving more new and reactivated sellers on the platform who end up buying more, and that's leading to the healthy trend. When Steve talked about this originally, when we launched it, we quantified this as 10 basis points of impact. And we've been able to re-monetize that business through things like ads, cross-border trades, and we're seeing exactly the flywheel that I talked about from seller to buyer. So we're really pleased with what we saw and what we continue to see with our C2C business in Germany, we're really happy the early results from UK pre-loved fashion, and that gave us the conviction that this was a real winning model to take to our second largest market, where there's some unique dynamics around how the sellers and buyers feel about buyer fees, which makes this a really good opportunity for us to go after incremental TAM.
Nikhil Devnani: Great. Thanks, Jamie. And maybe just a follow-up. You've been talking about improved satisfaction scores, which is a helpful indicator. Now that, you've got several quarters behind you on very marketplace improvements. Can you maybe frame how much GMV conversion rates have improved since you started on this journey? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Look, you've heard me talk forever about GMV follow CSAT. And I've always said CSATs really the leading indicator there. And if you look case by case, we've seen CSAT increased 20 percentage points in what we did in our early focus categories and categories and look at the trends that we have now on focused growing at 5%. I would say the same exact thing happened in Germany, where we had a 20-point increase in CSAT much, much healthier trends. So what we're doing is not only having an impact on conversion and the health and growth of the business. But it's allowing us to bring on kind of new buyers and new sellers through these efforts, which is helping. The active buyer growth that we're seeing is truly an output of the strategic initiatives that we've been driving and the new and reactivated sellers is not only good for the buying activity, but it's just bringing on more compelling inventory on the platform, which is really good for the long-term health of the business.
Nikhil Devnani: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Champion from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Tom Champion: Thank you. Good afternoon guys. Jamie, perhaps for you. Always a lot of helpful commentary on the business in Europe, but I think China is actually now you're number three market by revenue. I'm wondering if you could just give us an update the business and your customer base there? And maybe for Steve, just quickly, any impact from the sunsetting of the MX payment arrangement? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So, look, our cross-border trade business out of China continues to be strong. It over-indexes to focus categories, our business there. And so it's performing well. Specifically, I would call out parts and accessories has been a really good vector for our cross-border trade business. And we've continued to make that easier for buyers and sellers. So, with our shipping solutions that we've had, we've helped them forward deploy from that perspective. And we've also just made payments a whole lot easier from that perspective. When you think about our relationship with AMEX, we deprecated AMEX in August of last year. And as expected, there was no material impact to our business. As the vast majority of our customers on eBay, they use more than one payment option. So, most customers that were using AMEX were able to migrate to one of our other options like PayPal or Venmo or non-AMEX, debit or credit cards. And we're continuing to focus on launching new ways to pay Takeda to buyers and sellers. We launched River T this quarter. In Germany, 28 million customers, they are used that invoicing solution. They do like 80 million transactions a month, and it was one of those high demand areas for us to bring on to the platform and so we did. So, really pleased between that and the seller cash advance work that we talked about in payments this quarter, really good innovation that we're seeing from that team.
Steve Priest: Operator, can we do one last question please?
Operator: Certainly, your final question comes from the line of Michael Morton from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Morton: Thank you for the question. I think probably for Jamie. Following up on Tom's question a bit. Just on the strength that you've seen in parts and accessories, can you break down the key drivers to that for us? Is it the acquisition of [indiscernible] flowing through the user experience now, I guess, like two years later and improving conversion rate around that? And then the second part is what you talked about China sourced inventory seems to skew towards parts and accessories. And it looks like it's most -- is that like -- first question is, is that a big contributor just having more inventory and that helps conversion? And the second one d1 is when you look at it, it appears that a lot of it has been freight forward -- from what we see all of it is straightforward. Do you feel comfortable that, that inventory is insulated from any political changes beta to even happen next week? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So, look, I think it's hard to say that there's one thing because we've been working on parts and accessories for a couple of years, and we continue to innovate quarter-after-quarter. What I would tell you is all the work that we've done to increase customer satisfaction there started with the early work that we did in Fitment just in product finders and MyGarage enhancing that whole experience. We now have over 100 million cars in MyGarage, followed by really raising the trust level of what we did with guaranteed fit. I was on with a reporter earlier today, and he talked about buying a new front end for his Toyota Sienna and it fit perfectly and it's going to give him 10 more years. That's an example of just making those two products easier for customers to purchase. The point you called out the breadth of inventory plays a huge role in that. We have over $600 million unique listings in the marketplace and really unique inventory across a number of different segments of buyer enthusiasts. And all of the acquisitions the myFitment has certainly added to the Fitment experience, the work that we've been doing to enhance not just the purchase, but the eventual service. So we launched tire installation a couple of quarters ago, and we launched that first in Germany, and that's been performing well. We just launched parts installations and now you can both buy the part on eBay and have it installed and P&A has really been the largest contributor to growth despite this year, despite lapping really strong that we have in 2023. To your question on the political environment, the majority of our inventory is forward deployed from that perspective. And that's been something that we've been working with our sellers to do to really reduce shipping times and make the overall experience better. So excited by the innovation that we're seeing in P&A, the strength of it and just the continued innovation of making the experience better and better.
Operator: And this concludes eBay's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. My name is Abby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the eBay Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egbert, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
John Egbert: Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us for eBay's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer, and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'll remind you that during this conference call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect organic FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons and all earnings per share amounts reflect earnings per diluted share unless indicated otherwise. During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of July 31, 2024. We do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. Our strong Q2 results marked a notable step toward our goal of achieving sustainable, profitable growth over the long-term. Our gross merchandise volume grew 1% to $18.4 billion in Q2. Revenue increased 2% to $2.57 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin rose by 1.0% to 27.9%. Our non-GAAP earnings per share rose by approximately 15% to $1.18. And we've turned over $1.1 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends during the quarter. I'm proud of our teams for delivering these results amid continued macroeconomic headwinds, ongoing geopolitical uncertainty, and an evolving regulatory landscape. Now let's walk through some of the key drivers of our Q2 results. Focus category GMV grew by over 4% in Q2, outpacing the remainder of our marketplace by approximately 5 points. After Motors Parts & Accessories, or P&A, which continued its trend of healthy growth, collectibles was the second largest contributor to GMV growth among focus categories in Q2. In mid-May, we closed a series of transactions with Collectors, parent company of PSA, and a leading provider of authentication and grading services for collectibles. Since then, we've made significant progress toward integrating Goldin, expanding our relationship with PSA, and elevating the eBay collectibles experience. We support the latest Goldin 100 auction, help drive awareness for the successful global premiere of King of Collectibles Season 2 on Netflix, and the Goldin team began hosting events on eBay Live. During Q2, we completed the transfer of trading card assets to the PSA vault ahead of schedule, and all PSA customers can now easily sell on eBay at the time of grading without having their cards shipped back to them. Since going live in late June, the PSA storefront has already sold tens of thousands of trading cards on eBay, and I'm excited for our companies to jointly drive innovation on behalf of hobbyists for years to come. eBay refurbished was also a significant contributor to GMV growth and was our fastest growing focus category year-over-year, as our combination of trust, value and quality continues to resonate with customers. Our selection of refurbished inventory continues to grow as we expand existing partnerships with OEMs like Dyson, onboard CVT sellers with access to unique items, and extend the program to new categories. During Q2, we expanded eBay refurbished to golf clubs, bringing warranties and hassle-free returns to thousands of previously owned golf clubs from the world's top brands. In June, we announced a sustainability collaboration with Seagate, a global leader in data storage solutions. We launched Seagate's official storefront on eBay for direct sales of factory-recertified hard drives. Not only are these refurbished products of great value for consumers, but this partnership can also eliminate a significant amount of e-waste by extending the product life cycles of quality hard drives. Consumers' desire to shop sustainably has also benefited our luxury focus categories, which delivered positive year-over-year GMV growth for the sixth straight quarter. As we acquire more sellers with well-priced luxury inventory, weve observed a strong correlation with incremental GMV. For instance, we saw a significant acceleration in cross-border demand after the opening of our Tokyo Authentication Center, which led to a meaningful expansion of our luxury handbag inventory. We reached a major milestone for our Authenticity Guarantee Program in Q2. We authenticated our 10th million item since the inception of the program in 2024. A pair of Air Jordan 1 Low Lucky Green sneakers, authenticated in our Las Vegas facility. During Q2, we also introduced optional authentication for luxury handbags priced between $200 and $500 in the U.S., which enables even more buyers and sellers to enjoy the benefits of our Authenticity Guaranteed Program. As our value proposition continues to grow, it's been exciting to see how partnerships have enabled eBay to show up in so many culturally relevant moments recently. These opportunities help us to evolve perceptions of eBay by showcasing our modernized experiences and connect with more enthusiasts shopping in pursuits of their passion. Just in the last quarter, La La Anthony, a Madeleine [ph] client showcased their pre-loved luxury accessories from eBay on the Met Gala red carpet. We saw eBay logos in the cockpits of Lando Norris and Oscar Piastri as the McLaren Formula 1 team took the checkered flag at the Miami Grand Prix. We partnered with Disney to create a customized destination for May the 4th, enabling us to engage with Star Wars enthusiasts around the world as they explored the more than 1 million Star Wars-related collectible products on eBay. And in June, eBay returned as the headline sponsor for Love Island in the U.K., showcasing the power of pre-loved fashion to millions of households nationwide. Next, I'd like to update you on some of the geospecific investments we've been making. In March of 2023, we repurposed our strategic playbook for focus categories to better serve the needs of German consumers. This endeavor has reinvigorated our C2C business in Germany and helped us navigate challenging economic conditions in the region. In Q2, we sustained positive year-over-year growth in C2C volume in Germany as we lapped the full first quarter of this initiative. Healthier C2C trends have also supported our B2C business in the German market. The unique inventory listed by consumer sellers has led to a healthier customer acquisition funnel. When consumers begin selling, they also purchase twice as much on eBay as non-sellers, on average, with most of that incremental volume benefiting B2C sellers. The success of the German initiative influenced our decision to invest in an improved experience for pre-owned apparel in the U.K last quarter. These changes, including a new selling flow that makes it considerably easier to list on eBay, with image guidance, simpler item aspect collection, and a streamlined shipping module with a focused set of couriers and parameters. For buyers, we introduced optimized vertical browsing pages for fashion and new generative AI-powered buying experiences like Shop the Look and Explore. Although we're only a few months in, we're seeing positive leading indicators in the strategically important category. For users of the new selling flow, we have observed a 20 point increase in CSAT, a material reduction in average listing time, and an increase in listings and sold items per seller. A growing number of buyers have engaged with our new AI-powered fashion shopping features and are eagerly awaiting the enhanced personalization and filtering we plan to bring to shop the look and explore in the coming months. These shopping experiences are emblematic of the overall acceleration in the pace of innovation at eBay. Our investments in generative AI and machine learning are simplifying the selling and buying experiences, making our marketplace more efficient and helping us better serve customers at all phases of their shopping journey. To power these experiences, our core AI team is training and fine-tuning large language models using eBay's proprietary data to build even more magical innovations for customers. In Q2, we entered the high-performance computing realm by deploying our first supercomputer, which gave us the capacity to build and fine-tune even larger LLMs on trillions of tokens. Based on publicly available performance benchmarks, our supercomputer is on par with some of the top 50 supercomputers in the world in terms of petaflops of computing speed. Our growing AI capabilities are transforming the eBay experience for customers. For instance, our multi-phase magical listing initiative is helping us solve the longstanding trade-off between listing speed and quality. After fully rolling out generative AI descriptions, we are continuing to test and iterate on the next phase of our magical listing experience, which leverages user uploaded product images to help sellers fill in the category, title, and other item aspects for a listing. A subset of sellers are testing this experience in beta, and we are leveraging their feedback and expertise to train our models and expand coverage to a broader range of categories. Seller CSAT for this beta experience remains extremely positive, and we plan to expand the beta to more sellers during Q3. We are also leveraging generative AI to help sellers improve the quality of their product imagery. In Q2, we rolled out generative AI-powered background enhancements to 100% of iOS and Android users in the U.S., U.K., and Germany. This feature allows sellers to magically overlay their products on top of a variety of visually stunning backdrops. The customer response to this innovation has been outstanding. CSAT for this feature has reached 90%, and more than two-thirds of customers who have tried the feature have applied AI-generated backgrounds to their listings. Within seconds, sellers can easily stage their camping equipment against a beautiful [indiscernible] backdrop, showcase their used skis atop the snow-capped mountain, or display their pre-loved sandals on a beach at sunset. It's exciting to see the creativity of our selling community as they embrace generative AI tools to make their listings more compelling. Turning next to advertising. During Q2, the first-party advertising grew 12% while total ad revenue approached 2.2% penetration of GMV. Approximately 3.1 million sellers adopted a single ad product during Q2, and we ended the quarter with roughly 1 billion live promoted listings out of our nearly 2.1 billion total listings. In early July, we launched a complete redesign of our eBay advertising platform, which fundamentally changed how sellers create and manage their ad campaigns and made it simpler than ever to activate our full range of advertising solutions. This new interface is now available to all sellers across our major markets. It includes a centralized dashboard enabling sellers to make data-driven decisions by leveraging near real-time performance metrics, including impressions, clicks and return on ad spend. For the first time, sellers can also see a list of personalized campaign recommendations aimed at helping them to achieve their sales goals, such as adding new keywords to increase listing visibility or lowering bids for keywords that are driving performance. Additionally, we've enhanced suggested campaigns to highlight new ad strategies for sellers by identifying emerging marketplace trends relevant to their inventory with prebuilt campaigns fully optimized by AI. As part of this redesign, we simplified our first-party advertising portfolio into three distinct solutions that more clearly align with the seller's campaign objectives. We unified our standard, advanced and express products into a single promoted listing solution, serving both fixed price and auction formats. When sellers launch a promoted listings campaign, they can pay on a cost per action basis for general placement, or select cost per click pricing for priority placement. In addition, promoted offsite ads enable sellers to tap into a wider audience through off-EVA channels such as Google. Promoted Offsite uses a dynamic CPC model and automated targeting so users can set up campaigns in just a few clicks after setting a daily budget. And our newest format, Promoted Stores, enables sellers to increase their brand visibility when buyers are browsing or searching for contextually relevant items. Ultimately, we believe the redesigned experience will help more sellers grow their businesses on eBay by broadening the appeal of our full suite of advertising solutions and delivering actionable insights in a more intuitive interface. Our payments platform continues to be a strategic growth driver for our marketplace more than 2 years after the completion of our migration. In recent years, we have added a breadth of popular and locally relevant payment options to offer even more choice and flexibility during the checkout experience. We were thrilled to launch Venmo as a payment option in the U.S. in Q2, enabling us to tap into its more than 90 million engaged users. Venmo's mobile-first checkout experiences and strong adoption among Gen Z and millennial audiences are particularly appealing as we continue to broaden our reach in younger demographics. The early results of this partnership are encouraging as a significant portion of our GMV from Venmo is coming from new or reactivated buyers. Our research has shown us that timely access to affordable financing is a key enabler for small businesses, which makes seller capital a pathway to unlocking more great inventory on eBay. In July, we expanded our seller capital offering with the launch of Business Cash Advance on eBay, a revenue-based financing solution provided by Liberis. This product connects eligible U.S. sellers with fast, flexible and transparent financing for up to $1 million in working capital in as little as 24 hours. Sellers can tap into flexible payment schedules that scale with their sales cycle and easily track their payback progress within the seller hub. In just a few weeks since launch, we've already funded over 1,000 sellers and dispersed millions of dollars of working capital. Now I'd like to share some highlights around eBay's impact as a company. Last quarter, we published our 2023 impact report showcasing how the company is creating economic opportunities and promoting a sustainable future. We remain on track toward our sustainability goals, reducing our Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 59% compared to our 2019 baseline. We also published our 2024 eCommerce report, which analyzes the overall trends and sentiment around eCommerce at a global level. The report found that 86% of consumers surveyed have bought or sold pre-loved items, and 70% plan to purchase eCommerce items this year. Younger demographics are especially passionate about the circular economy, with more than 90% of millennial and Gen Z sellers saying they value eBay's ability to keep items out of landfills. And on the topic of eCommerce, one of the highlights of the second quarter was the Rocket Man Resale event, a partnership with Elton John, who released a personal collection of pre-loved fashion items exclusively on eBay. The event kicked off with a pop-up shop in the West Village of New York City, where Elton shared stories about items from his legendary closet during an eBay Live event. Fans around the world were able to pick up pieces of fashion history, ranging from Gucci jackets and Versace robes, to customized Prada loafers and vintage concert tees. All proceeds benefited the Elton John AIDS Foundation and its mission to be a powerful force in ending the AIDS epidemic. Our broader community also continues to support the causes most important to them. eBay for charity raised more than $47 million last quarter, up 22% year-over-year. Additionally, the eBay Foundation granted nearly $7 million in Q2 to strategic nonprofits, which are addressing and removing barriers to entrepreneurship for historically excluded groups. I'm proud to share that eBay was recently recognized by Fortune as one of America's most innovative companies. We were also acknowledged by Forbes as one of the best employers for new grads, recognizing companies who offer the best early career opportunities. In closing, Q2 was another strong quarter for eBay and an important step toward our goal of sustainable long-term growth. Our GMV growth turned positive due to continued momentum in focus categories, investments in geospecific initiatives, and horizontal innovation driven by our growing capabilities in artificial intelligence. Our advertising business continues to deliver robust growth at scale, and we believe our redesigned ads platform will make it simpler to adopt our full range of ad solutions, helping more sellers grow their businesses on eBay. We continue to advance our payments capabilities by introducing new services, expanding our breadth of trusted payment methods, and reducing transactional friction. And we delivered these results while layering disciplined investments for the future, generating double-digit earnings per share growth, and delivering compelling capital returns for shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with the financial highlights section of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll discuss our key financial and operating metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our outlook for the third quarter and context on the full year before we begin Q&A. My comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons on an organic, FX-neutral basis, unless I note it otherwise. We exceeded expectations across our key financial metrics in Q2, driven by our execution against strategic initiatives, despite an uneven discretionary demand environment in our major markets. Gross merchandise volume returned to positive growth at 1% to $18.4 billion. Revenue grew 2% to $2.57 billion. Non-GAAP operating margin expanded by 1 point to 27.9%. We delivered $1.18 of non-GAAP earnings per share at nearly 15% and we returned over $1.1 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Let's take a closer look at our financial performance during the second quarter. On an organic FX neutral basis, gross merchandise volume grew 1% to $18.4 billion. GMV would still have grown nearly 1% when adjusting for the roughly 50 basis points of impact from favorable use of timing in 2024. Our acquisition of Goldin contributed nearly 20 basis points to total FX neutral GMV growth in Q2 after the deal closed on May 16. In addition, foreign exchange was a headwind of roughly 20 basis points to year-over-year GMV growth on a spot basis. Our teams continue to execute against our strategy, including focus category expansion, country-specific investments, and horizontal initiatives. The culmination of these efforts over recent quarters, combined with consumers looking for value, helped offset continued pressure on discretionary spending across our three largest markets. Focus category GMV grew over 4% in aggregate on nearly 5 points faster than the remainder of our marketplace driven by broad based momentum as P&A, collectibles, refurbished and luxury goods all contributed to growth. GMV for the rest of our marketplace was nearly flat in Q2, accelerating by more than 1 point from Q1, which reflects the continued progress of our horizontal innovation and geospecific product initiatives. Next, I'll walk through our results on a geographic basis. U.S GMV grew by nearly 1 point in Q2. Both organic traffic and conversion improved in the U.S., which helped us narrow our gap to U.S eCommerce market growth. Collectibles was a key contributor to U.S growth, including trading cards, where organic trends have improved in recent quarters, aided by our strategic investments and partnerships. International GMV grew by over 1% on an FX neutral basis, while FX was a 30 basis point headwind to spot growth. In the U.K., we noted some softness in C2C volumes to start the year, when the new U.K digital sales reporting requirements came into effect. We are working to mitigate this pressure by educating sellers on these reporting laws and through initiatives to improve the selling and buying experience in pre-owned apparel, which Jamie touched on earlier. In Germany, our focus category in horizontal investments helped offset prevailing macro headwinds. In addition, cross-border trade has been a key driver of international GMV growth in recent quarters. Greater China and Japan have powered this growth by providing great inventory for buyers across our major markets. In fact, our focus category coverage within CBT is even higher than our marketplace overall. In Japan, in particular, has seen its volume growth accelerate since we opened our authentication center there last year. Looking forward, we see more opportunities to onboard quality sellers in these regions and make it easier for them to bring attractive inventory to our marketplace. Moving on to buyers. Trailing 12-month active buyers and enthusiast buyers are once again stable sequentially at approximately 132 million and 16 million respectively at the end of Q2. On a year-over-year basis, total active buyer growth was fractionally positive for the first time since early 2021 as new and reactivated buyers remained positive and buyer retention continued to gradually improve. Spend per active buyer was stable, while spend per enthusiast buyer grew slightly year-over-year to just over $3,100. Turning to revenue. We generated revenue of $2.57 billion during the second quarter, up 2% as revenue outpaced volume by roughly 1 point. Foreign exchange was a 1 point headwind to spot revenue growth. Our take rate in Q2 was approximately 14% at more than 20 basis points quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by first-party advertising. On a year over year basis, our take rate was roughly flat as tailwinds from first party ads, eBay international shipping and payments were offset by C2C initiatives and an FX headwind of approximately 10 basis points. Total advertising revenue grew 8% to $398 million in Q2 and represented nearly 2.2% penetration of GMV. First party ads grew over 12% to $384 million in line with our expectations. As a reminder, we faced lapping dynamics this quarter due to extraordinary growth in first party ads in Q2 of last year when we released CPC ads deferred revenue as a result of the rollout of Halo attribution. In addition, we continue to deprecate our legacy third-party display ads in Q2 with revenue declining roughly 49% to nearly $14 million. Shifting to profitability, non-GAAP gross margin declined roughly 30 basis points year-over-year in Q2 due to tax-related matters, including Canadian digital sales tax expenses recognized retroactively in 2022, traffic acquisition costs associated with a ramp in offsite [ph] ads, and foreign exchange headwinds. These headwinds were partly offset by operational efficiencies, including lower cost of payments and lower depreciation expenses. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27.9% in the quarter, improving 1 point year-over-year, as operational efficiencies, including our structured cost program, more than offset the higher cost of revenue of foreign exchange headwind of approximately 40 basis points and reinvestments in our full frontal marketing initiatives. As a result, non-GAAP operating income grew 5% year-over-year in Q2, and non-GAAP earnings per share grew by nearly 15% to $1.18. On a GAAP basis, we reported earnings per share of $0.45 in the quarter. Next I'll discuss our balance sheet and capital allocation. Our free cash flow in the second quarter was $278 million, down year-over-year due to the timing of cash tax payments. Last year, the majority of our tax payments were delayed from Q2 to Q4 due to California's disaster tax relief program. We ended the second quarter with cash and non-equity investments of $6.3 billion and gross debt of $7.7 billion. As you will see in our 10-Q filing, on August 1, we will repay $750 million of principal for our senior fixed-rate notes coming June. We plan to issue up to $450 million of commercial paper to refinance a portion of those notes over the coming weeks. During Q2, we repurchased $1 billion of eBay shares at an average price of approximately $52 and had roughly $1.9 billion remaining under our buyback authorization at the end of the period. In addition, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $135 million in June, or $0.27 per share. Since the beginning of 2022, we have returned $7.3 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends, nearly 150% of cumulative free cash flow over this period. Turning to our investment portfolio, our equity investments and warrants were valued at $2.8 billion at the end of the second quarter. The consortium led by Permira and Blackstone completed their acquisition of Adevinta on May the 29. We sold approximately 227 million shares and received roughly $2.4 billion in gross proceeds. We incurred over $450 million in cash taxes related to this transaction, which we plan to pay next year. Following the deal, we hold approximately 177 million shares, or 18% ownership of the outstanding equity, valued at roughly $1.9 billion as of the closing date. The consortium has the option, through November 29, to purchase from eBay roughly 10% ownership of the private entity for just over $1 billion. In addition, our investment portfolio includes Adyen warrants valued at nearly $340 million at the end of Q2. Our Adyen warrants value is calculated based on several assumptions, including Adyen share price and the probability of vesting. Our G market [ph] investment was valued at roughly $300 million at the end of the quarter. Moving to our outlook, we expect to generate GMV between $17.8 billion and $18.2 billion in the third quarter, representing FX neutral growth between negative 1% and positive 1% year-over-year. Total organic FXN growth would be similar as we expect Goldin to contribute over 30 basis points to GMV growth in Q3. At current rates, foreign currency would represent a 10 basis point headwind to GMV growth. This outlook balances our strong execution year-to-date against an uncertain economic and regulatory environment. We forecast revenue between $2.5 billion and $2.56 billion in the third quarter, representing FX mutual growth of 1% to 3%. We estimate FX would represent more than half a point of headwind to spot revenue growth. We forecast Q3 non-GAAP operating margin between 26.8% and 27.5%, representing year-over-year expansion between 40 and 110 basis points. This represents a sequential step down in operating margin due to normal seasonality, incremental organic investment, and a full quarter of M&A-related expenses, including integration costs. We expect to generate non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.15 and $1.20 in Q3, representing year-over-year growth between 12% and 17%. Now shifting to our expectations for the remainder of the year. Assuming no fundamental change in the macro environment, we expect FX neutral GMV growth between flat and up 2% year-over-year in Q4, driven by continued execution in focus categories, geospecific investments, and horizontal product delivery. At current rates, FX would represent a tailwind of more than 1 point to spot GMV growth year-over-year in Q4. We forecast Q4 revenue to grow modestly faster than GMV on an FX-neutral basis, implying a narrow growth delta versus Q3. Although we expect similar growth in first-party advertising during Q4, we anticipate modest pressure on core take rates from continued investments in C2C initiatives, mixed shifts towards higher ASP products, and seasonal category mix. In addition, we estimate FX will be a year-over-year benefit of roughly 30 basis points to spot revenue growth in the quarter due to hedging dynamics. We're maintaining our full year outlook for non-GAAP operating margin expansion of between 60 to 100 basis points. As we have noted throughout the year, where we land in this range is not solely tied to volume outcomes. Our strategic investments in 2024 have been crucial to our return to positive GMV growth. Given our execution to date, we are exploring opportunities for incremental investments to drive durable long-term growth. Additionally, we have absorbed one-time offsets to operating margin in 2024, notably about 20 basis points of headwind from M&A expenses, including integration costs. Our forecast for capital expenditure remains unchanged at between 4% to 5% of revenue for the full year, in line with our historical average. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to remain stable at 16.5%. We continue to expect free cash flow of just under $2 billion for the full year. Given our robust balance sheet position, we are raising our share repurchase target this year to at least $2.5 billion. In addition, our Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.27 per share for the third quarter to be paid in September. Given our strong business performance to date, our outlook for the second half, and updated capital allocation plans, we are increasing our forecast for non-GAAP earnings per share growth to between 12% and 14% year-over-year for 2024. In closing, Q2 was another strong quarter for eBay, despite the uneven macro backdrop. We achieved positive year-over-year GMV growth earlier than expected and maintained double-digit non-GAAP earnings per share growth. In addition, we monetized a significant portion of our Adevinta stake at an attractive price and increased our full year stock repurchase target. It is a testament to our strong financial model that we are able to deliver healthy, balanced growth while continuing to invest in our business for the long run across focus categories, specific geographies and horizontal initiatives. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Nathan Feather with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Nathan Feather: Hey everyone, thanks for taking the question. A few quick questions on the advertising side of business. So first off, I'm interested to hear if you're seeing any green shoots in campaign adoption within the unified ad platform and also smart targeting. And then how should we think about advertising growth in the back half, not because it's a more difficult comp in 2Q? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, overall, we feel great about the momentum we're seeing in advertising. The new features that we just talked about, Nathan, just rolled out, so it's really early in the experience for those. We did test them in Australia before rolling them out to all the other major markets. When you ask about campaign adoption and other things, what's exciting about this new overhaul is, first it gives you a great performance snapshot of all of your campaigns in a redesigned interface. But secondarily, we now have daily recommendations for advertisers about things they can do, add keywords, manage their business, changing a campaign to make it better. And we have new types of suggested campaigns as part of this as well. Things like trend based suggestions. So you're seeing a -- we're seeing on the site, something popping whether it's around Christmas time or some other kind of event happening, tied to listings that a seller would have. And we're now doing trend based suggested campaigns all driven by AI. So we're excited about what we're seeing from the early results, but it's really kind of early stages in this. In general though, every time we've made it easier and simpler to adopt our ad products, it's resonated with sellers and helped drive the penetration up to what we're seeing today. Steve, maybe you just want to comment on our overall ad business.
Steve Priest: Yes. Hi, Nathan. Despite some of the lapping, we do expect some modest take rate expansion in the second half driven by our 1P ads business, where again we see some modest acceleration as we go forward. Really continuing to drive momentum in the existing products, but also ramp up our promoted offsite products as well. So, pleased with the momentum we're seeing, and that should continue to drive momentum in the back half of the year.
Nathan Feather: Okay, great. Thanks. And then one more quick one. Now that you have for a supercomputer fully online, have made a lot of improvement from the seller side of things, interesting to think, over the next 12, 24 months, what are the key friction points do you think are really immediately addressable with the help of some of the Gen AI features? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, look, on the selling side, Nathan, the key is, I have this -- we have this vision of making it easier to list than to throw out. So, making it really seamless to onboard a new listing, any item in your closet, your garage, your home, et cetera for a C2C listing. And so, with the computing capability we have now with 2.1 billion listings, with 28 years of history of data, we're able to build these really sophisticated models that do a better job at predicting what an item is, filling in all the item attributes associated with it, creating the title, obviously writing the description since we do that, and to be able to do this at scale and very cost effectively. Because we're using a lot of tools that we've built on an internal LLMs or open source LLMs that we have, which makes us able to train on these massive data sets that we have and on this proprietary data. Similarly, things like enhanced background images, now live to 100% of customers, make items look better on the platform, make them stand out, and you can take it on your bed spreader, your desk, your rug, and then put it on this beautiful background and really helps kind of merchandise items from that perspective. Finally, I'd say we're launching new features on the buy side. I've talked about Shop the Look, which we continue to scale up, which gives the ability in the fashion category to see outfits together. And we're testing in the U.K market a feature called Explore, which based on your sizes, your style, things you care about, things that we know you've bought, will actually feed you information about interesting pre-loved products that are available on eBay. So we're excited by what we've seen to date, but I'm really excited that these new capabilities, the scale of what we have in terms of the infrastructure will help us to continue to accelerate and drive more innovation.
Nathan Feather: Great, I appreciate it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks, and good afternoon. Maybe first a follow-up to one of the previous questions, specifically kind of updating your thoughts around the growth of advertising longer term. Are you still thinking that that the attach rate or take rate can expand another couple of other basis points? Or could even be higher than that as you roll out more capabilities and as Gen AI tools are sort of incremental to what you were probably thinking about a few years ago. And then maybe, Steve, just a clarification on the capital allocation. I guess outside of the incremental buybacks, are you keeping dry powder for additional M&A? And if so, what are some of the areas of interest or focus? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Colin, overall, we see a long runway for ads growth. That's both from adoption, from listings penetration, from ad rate optimization, and scaling some of the new products that we have, like promoted offsite and promoted source. So we continue to see a lot of opportunity. We are at 2.2% penetration. We said at Investor Day we see a line of sight to 3%, which we obviously are seeing nice progress to quarter after quarter. And when you look at the redesign that we just did, it's really about how do we make our advertising products more easier to access and easier for recommendations, et cetera, for existing sellers, but also easier for new sellers to bring in. So 3% is not a ceiling for us, it's just a line of sight that we put out there at Investor Day, and we continue to see a long runway of opportunity. Steve, do you want to take the second one?
Steve Priest: Yes, of course. Colin, good to speak to you. As we always said, we focus on a balanced approach to capital allocation, and our first priority continues to be investing in the long-term growth of the business through the Build Buy Partner framework, and you've seen from the execution, you've seen from the momentum, you've seen from the growth that we saw in the second quarter that we're putting the money to good work. I think what's tremendous about our competitive advantage is the balance sheet that eBay has that affords us the ability not only to invest in the business, but to continue to give very healthy capital returns to shareholders. In fact, we've just increased our target for 2024 to at least $2.5 billion in share repurchases, in addition to the 8% increase in quarterly dividend that we've done for the last three quarters. And over the last couple of years, we've continued to demonstrate that continued commitment to returning excess cash to shareholders, and there's no change in our philosophy in doing that. So I'm pleased with where we are, pleased with the balance, and I think, as I said, our balance sheet is a distinct advantage for us here at eBay.
Colin Sebastian: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ygal Arounian with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Ygal Arounian: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just one on international, you called out the headwinds in U.K and some of the continuing, I guess, trends from Germany last quarter. What are you seeing broadly internationally and kind of what is the opportunity there? And then just to expand on the AI features so far, and understood there is a lot coming here and a lot of focus there, any way to quantify or think about what the impacts have been so far if you're seeing a tick up in GMV or any other way to quantify some of the successes you've seen there so far? Thanks.
Steve Priest: Hey, I'll pick up the first one. Steve here, good to speak to you. Just in terms of the international dynamics, just as a reminder, the GMV is reflected in the geography where the seller is domiciled. So specifically talking about the sort of international dynamics that we're seeing, undoubtedly, we continue to see a very uneven and dynamic environment, particularly in Europe, as discussion spend is pressured based on some of the discussions we've had over various quarters. With the investments we're making, particularly in C2C, around the German initiative and more recently in U.K pre-loved fashion, that's helping to offset some of those headwinds that we've seen. But the other element in terms of international, where we continue to see momentum, is in our cross border trade, particularly out of Greater China and Japan. We've seen a really healthy level of inventory. There's good focus category penetration coming out of those markets. We've continued to invest and so we talked about last quarter the authentication center that we have built and partnered with in Japan, which has continued to drive a great level of luxury inventory to our U.S and European customers. And so for the second quarter, we did see some sequential improvement in international GMV that grew over 1% on a year-over-year FXN basis, really is a reflection of the momentum and the investments that we're driving forward. Jamie, over to you on your second question.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, on AI, we are seeing really good engagement metrics from our customers that are using them. And when you look at like for example, the CSAT that we're seeing from them, it's 90% and above for some of our new products. And that correlates always with GMV. As we drive CSAT, we're able to drive GMV. We've made it easier to list C2C in some of our markets in Europe and Germany, and we're seeing that translate into CSAT, a 20% point increase in CSAT in the German market, for example. So we're pleased about what we're seeing. What's great about the AI developments is that they're learning algorithms, so they get smarter every single day, week and month that we learn with them, whether that's Explore, Shop the Look, or Magical Listings. And what we're seeing is increased engagement with them, and it's changing the experience for buying and sellers across so many vectors. It's changing it across search, across advertising, across the recommendations that we're providing on the site. It's giving us new tools like Explore. And so we'll continue to drive it. We continue to see really nice metrics come out of it, and those CSAT changes do lead to much healthier GMV growth.
Ygal Arounian: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shweta Khajuria with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. And please check your mute button. Okay. Hearing no response, we will move on to the next question. [Operator Instructions] We will take the next question from Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks for the question. Steve, by the end of this year, you guys will have put a lot of work into product and to expand the eBay platform and improve things and brought margins sort of below your typical range. When we think about the path forward, we'll appreciate that you still have many gross investments that you want to get behind. Your product and debt expense will be up pretty meaningfully relative to 2022. So as we look beyond this year, do you think that the investment cycle that we're sort of in has substantially laid the tracks to drive future growth from beyond 2024, 2025, and thus the need for incremental investment is thus much more subdued going forward?
Steve Priest: Hi, Lee. Thank you for the question. I'm not going to get in my skis [ph] with regards to 2025, I'd just like to reflect on where we are for 2024. And we're exactly where we expect it to be. I think it's a testament to the company when we've continued to guide the 6,200 basis points of margin expansion this year. At the same time, continuing to invest in our business and support the focus category momentum, support the geospecific initiatives and the horizontal investments that Jamie has talked about. As we've been saying all year, we'll continue to invest where we see opportunities to drive long-term sustainable growth and we continue to lean in and we'll continue to do that in the second half. I think what I'd say is our financial architecture continues to provide us with that opportunity and I really am encouraged with the momentum that we're seeing as we have during 2024. And I think it's setting us up well, not only for the second half of this year, but for a longer term sustainable growth in the future.
Lee Horowitz: Great. And then maybe one follow up sort of on the second half [indiscernible] and all of the products that you guys are bringing to bear for the platform. You guys obviously have a lot of irons in the fire in terms of improving the platform, but is there any way to size sort of the incrementality in terms of GMV that you expect from some of these horizontal investments, some of these new focus categories that you expect to see in the second half? And if not a number, which amongst the broad array of products that you have do you think holds the most promise in terms of driving meaningful incremental dollars of GMV in the second half and beyond. Thanks so much.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Lee, when you think about the horizontal investments that we've been making, they've been really across the board. Think about the work that we're doing in search and recommendations and trust. We've done some geospecific investments in our C2C business in Germany as well. And so if you look at it for this quarter, we're nearly flat in our core categories, which is really nice growth quarter-on-quarter in our business over the past couple of quarters. So all of those combined are helping support not only our core categories, when I say core, I mean categories other than our focus categories, but they also help support our focus categories given that work. So I think about those as complimentary. When I look at our focus categories, they continue to work really well broadly across the board. Luxury was positive for the sixth straight quarter. We saw a really nice momentum in our parts and accessories business. Our collectibles business is trending well. We've normalized it more than twice the runway that we had coming into the pandemic. And we continue to innovate there. We were at the National, which is the big convention last week, talking about adding bulk magical listings for sellers in our trading card business, which got a great response. We introduced the partnership with PSA this quarter, allowing you to much more simply grade a card and then have it sold immediately right there afterwards without having to have it shipped back to you and ship there. So across the board, you see our focus categories growing at 4% even in this macro environment, which we feel good about. So we see the two of those working together. We see them complementary between the focus categories and the horizontal work. And the combination of those two is leading to the sequential improvement that we're seeing quarter-after-quarter.
Lee Horowitz: Awesome. Thanks so much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nikhil Devnani with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Nikhil Devnani: Hi, thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask about active buyers. This metric has been flattish for a while now, but if eBay is to sustain low to mid-single-digit GMV growth as you look forward, then active buyers, at least enthusiast buyers, probably have to start growing again at some point. So how do you feel about your ability to improve this metric in the quarters to come? And is there anything investors can look at to get comfortable with your audience growth? Maybe some incremental color or detail you could provide on how these metrics might be trending within focus categories as a proxy for what's to come going forward. Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, we're exactly where I thought we would be and where we intended to be. Our active buyer count of 132 million was fractionally positive on a year-on-year basis for the first time since early 2021, and we've seen consistent improvements in our year-over-year trends over the last couple of years, and that's been driven by growth in new or reactivated buyers and an improvement in our retention year-on-year. So, I've been saying for a while, and I want to note, active buyers are not the core metric we're focused on, but we're pleased that the changes we've made to our buyer acquisition strategy are improving our ability to attract and retain active buyers, because that does help us drive what we really are driving, which is our enthusiast buyer strategy, which is those people that are shopping on the site that drive 70% of our GMV. And our enthusiast number has been consistent at 16 million for several quarters. They're buying more and remain healthy with an average annual spend of approximately $3,100 a year. And if you look at some of the stuff that I talked about in the script, whether it's the Met Gala work and fashion that we're doing or sponsoring Love Island or what we're doing in parts and accessories with McLaren, it's really about going out there, targeting and bringing enthusiast buyers onto the platform and then leveraging the cross-category shopping behavior we get from those buyers, which is really unique to eBay. So feel great about the traction of where we are, about the progress that we're making and the improvements in the underlying metrics that we're seeing.
Nikhil Devnani: If I could just ask a follow-up to that, would you say that the trends for the enthusiast buyers are a bit more pronounced, at least within the focus categories? Is that a fair statement?
Jamie Iannone: When you look at our enthusiast buyers, 90% of them shop in focus categories. So there's an overlap and a benefit from the focus category work that we're doing. But what we see is that when we acquire an enthusiast buyer in a focus category, it supports our core categories as well. So if a watch buyer comes in, they're going to buy $5,000 in watches on average, but then they're going to spend $5,000 in other categories that cross those focus categories and non-focus categories. Similarly, a handbag buyer will come in, if they purchase a $500 plus handbag, they'll spend $2,500 in handbags, but $5,000 in other categories. So part of why we focused on the enthusiast buyer is not just that 70% number, but it's because of the flywheel effect that it creates for the overall marketplace for focus categories and for our core categories.
Nikhil Devnani: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tom Champion with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Tom Champion: Hi guys. Good afternoon. Jamie, it seems like there are a lot of conflicting economic signals out there. I'm just curious, broad strokes, what you think of the consumer health both in the U.S. and Western Europe. Just curious, your core take. And then, Steve, maybe for you, can you just take one more cut at the 3Q GMV guide and the growth outlook at flat at the midpoint. Looking at the trend over the last six quarters, there's been clear progress, 1% FX neutral result in 2Q. Why would there be a step back in the third quarter? Thanks guys.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Tom, look, as we've said over the past few quarters, we've seen some shifts in consumer spend driven by the macro environment as cost conscious consumers are increasingly searching for value. So we're a little bit more resilient from that standpoint. I announced last quarter that we've now hit 40% percent of our products are used or refurbished, and those goods have consistently outpaced the sales of brand-new goods since the pandemic. So as you can imagine, some categories are performing better than others in this macro environment. As I mentioned, our luxury category is still positive and has been for six straight quarters. So, I think there's more pressure on the less affluent customers in the consumer market. But our improved customer experience, combined with our real focus on non-new and season and providing great values in use, great values in refurbish, making C2C easier so that when macros challenge, consumers can come on and use the platform to sell products, is really helping us compete effectively in this macro environment. Steve, do you want to take the second one?
Steve Priest: Yes, of course. Hey, Tom, how are you? Well, I've been pleased to see the momentum that we've been seeing quarter-after-quarter going forward. And obviously, the positive growth we saw in the second quarter, particularly in this macro environment. It has continued to be a reflection of the investments that we've been making over the last 18 months or so and the returns that we're seeing on the business. Obviously in the Easter we saw some benefits in the second quarter with a 50 basis point tailwind associated with Easter timing, but even having said that we were approaching about a point of positive GMV growth. The environment we're in continues to be very uneven and dynamic and we are sort of seeing some specific one-off impacts as we sort of think about this quarter with elevated year-over-year demand for summer travel, some one-off global sports events which are making their month-to-month trends a little bit uneven. And so as we contemplate the third quarter guide, we continue to take that uncertainty into effect. And the guide that we've put out there balances that perspective. But overall, I feel like we've had strong execution to date in this continued uncertain economic and regulatory environment. And I'm really remain encouraged with the momentum we're seeing. And we're confident we're on the path towards long-term sustainable growth.
Jamie Iannone: Operator, can we do one last question, please?
Operator: Yes, and your final question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Barclays. Your line is open.
Alex Hughes: Hey guys, this is Alex Hughes on for Ross. So looking at collectibles, news came out earlier this week that one of your trading card power sellers is moving to fanatics in the next few months. Can you just give a little more color as to that situation and if the Goldin deal played a factor? And then stepping back, collectibles is driving a lot of growth in focus categories, but can you just talk a little bit more about how you're thinking about the opportunity more broadly? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, I [technical difficulty] talk about any one seller, we have millions of sellers on the platform. What I say about collectors -- collectibles is that we feel really great about the innovation that we're driving in that business. Goldin coming on brings the world's most desirable inventory in collectibles onto the marketplace and new capabilities. The reception to Goldin last week at the National was really amazing to see people chanting. We had over 50 eBay Live events that we held there. And the consumer and the hobbyist is really resonating with the steps that we're taking, including bringing in Ken Goldin and his team into the business. They had a leading show with King of Collectibles Season 2, hitting great records on Netflix streaming. We supported the Goldin 100 auction, so all great there. We're also excited by the partnership with collectors and PSA. It really helps solve something that collectors have been asking for quite some time, which is simplify the process of grading and selling items. So now if you're selling -- sending an item to grade, usually that's going to massively increase the value and you're looking to potentially put that in a marketplace. We've really simplified that through this partnership with PSA and why we're seeing customers really adopt it is we're just making that whole process really friction free. So, we've been a leading secondary marketplace for over two decades. Every quarter we innovate and drive kind of new capabilities. The last one I would just talk about here is our work in eBay Live. In Q2, our eBay Live events grew 50% quarter-over-quarter. We started doing case breaks on eBay and our sellers are adopting them and finding it really great to see new capabilities we've built. We launched new features like Buy Spot directly on the Live Hub, which is a really kind of great feature for case breaks. And I participate in some of those, and they're just a lot of fun. And we launched eBay Live in the U.K in Q2 as well. So we're continuing to see good momentum on that component, which is really also help accelerating these new partnerships and all the work we've done with collections and price guides and new shipping methods over the past quarters and years to really accelerate our collectibles business and I'm encouraging by the stats of what we're seeing.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to eBay's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the call over to John Egbert, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead. 
John Egbert: Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us for eBay's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com.
 Before we begin, I'll remind you that during this conference call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, and all earnings per share amounts reflect earnings per diluted share, unless indicated otherwise.
 During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of May 1, 2024. We do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie. 
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We delivered strong results in Q1, even as we continue to navigate ongoing challenges in the global economy. Gross merchandise volume was roughly flat at $18.6 billion, while revenue grew more than 2% to $2.56 billion. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 30.3%, non-GAAP earnings per share rose 13% to $1.25, and we returned $638 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. I'm incredibly proud of our teams for delivering these results as they remain relentlessly focused on reinventing the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts. And I am pleased that we remain on track for GMV growth to turn positive by Q3 or Q4 of this year.
 Now let's walk through some of the key drivers of our quarterly results. Focus categories play an important part in delivering relevant experiences to customers on eBay and remained a significant driver of underlying growth on our marketplace during Q1. Overall, focus category GMV grew nearly 5% last quarter, outpacing the remainder of our marketplace by roughly 6 points. Motors parts and accessories, or P&A, was once again the largest contributor to growth among focus categories despite facing headwinds in January due to extreme weather patterns in the U.S. Our teams continue to innovate on the P&A shopping experience, growing awareness, enhancing trust and expanding the great inventory our marketplace has to offer.
 Fitment is a central component of trust within the P&A category, helping customers understand exactly which of our more than 600 million live listings in this category fit their vehicle. We continue to work closely with large P&A sellers to augment their inventory using the MyFitment tool kit. To date, we have enhanced eligible auto parts with approximately 5 billion pieces of incremental fitment data, and we've continued to see a double-digit increase in conversion on these augmented listings.
 Additionally, last quarter, we redesigned our self-service experience to simplify how sellers onboard, view and publish fitment data for P&A listings. Our updated experience better serves small- and medium-sized businesses, which make up our largest cohort of P&A sellers.
 On the buyer side, we continue to improve our value proposition for mass-market P&A shoppers looking to maintain their vehicles. During Q1, we added a Motors DIY guide page that makes do-it-yourself projects more accessible by integrating expert content for common maintenance jobs alongside eBay listings for the specific parts, tools and materials needed to complete them. Our full-funnel approach to marketing has increased awareness and consideration of eBay as a trusted place to shop for auto parts and accessories. And I'm excited that yesterday, we announced a multiyear partnership with the McLaren Racing Formula 1 team, which means motor sports enthusiasts around the world will see eBay branding on McLaren team race cars starting with the Miami Grand Prix this week.
 EBay has been a leading player in collectibles for over 2 decades. And in recent years, we've accelerated the pace of innovation in areas like trading cards, which is one of our focus categories. We've rolled out new features like [ My Collections ], price guides, authentication and grading partnerships, revamped condition standards, live commerce, vault storage and new shipping methods to reduce costs.
 In Q1, we continued to innovate by launching a simplified listing flow for sports trading cards to all U.S. sellers. This experience leverages our proprietary technology to [ prefill ] the listing with relevant item aspects, provide simpler shipping options and offer smarter pricing recommendations based on the value and the condition of the card. This rollout has resulted in a double-digit percentage reduction in listing time and measurable increases in completed listings and sold items per customer. We are also seeing a more than 20% increase in CSAT for U.S. sports trading card sellers versus our baseline prior to this rollout.
 In recent quarters, we've seen improving volume trends in trading cards as many of the new and returning hobbyists who joined eBay during the pandemic remain highly engaged with our platform. With so much enthusiasm in the hobby, it's the perfect time to talk about the definitive agreement we announced a few weeks ago with Collectors, parent company of PSA, which is the gold standard in third-party authentication and grading of trading cards and collectibles.
 EBay and Collectors have entered into 3 separate transactions designed to streamline and improve the overall experience for hobbyists. As part of this deal, I'm incredibly excited to welcome Ken Goldin to eBay. We have agreed to acquire Goldin, a leading U.S.-based auction house for high-value collectibles, which brings together 2 renowned marketplace brands in the trading card hobby. Many of you know Ken from his fantastic series on Netflix, King of Collectibles: The Goldin Touch. Combining Goldin with eBay enhances our respective marketplace offerings by expanding the range of inventory available to eBay customers and opening up an expansive global audience for Goldin sellers. We believe this will enable a more well-rounded collecting experience across price points and service models, complementing our acquisition of TCGplayer and recent partnership with sports trading card company COMC.
 Additionally, eBay has entered into commercial agreements with Collectors and PSA to reduce friction in the authentication and grading of trading cards. We also agreed to divest the eBay vault to PSA. Through a newly branded service offering, our companies plan to launch an integrated program to buy, sell, grade and store trading cards. EBay will become PSA's exclusive marketplace partner for trading cards, enabling hobbyists to more easily list and sell their cars on eBay at the time of grading.
 Importantly, these deals enable each company to prioritize what it does best. At eBay, we can focus on enhancing our marketplace and streamlining the buying and selling experience for millions of hobbyists, while collectors can concentrate on its operational expertise in grading, authenticating and securely storing collectibles. There'll be more we can share about our company's joint plans after the deals close, which we expect to occur during Q2, subject to closing conditions.
 In Q1, we also continued to rapidly innovate on our eBay Live experience, which now spans multiple categories, including collectibles. We expanded coverage to new categories like comics and sports memorabilia. We introduced a revamped auctions experience that makes bidding more seamless and reliable. We enabled viewing on desktop so that buyers can join live events wherever they are shopping. And we dramatically improved the event discoverability on the home page with personalized recommendations. While eBay Live remains in beta, we are extremely excited about continuing to scale this experience throughout the year.
 As a pioneer of recommerce, giving pre-owned goods a second life is core to who we are as a company. We reached a major milestone in Q1 as pre-owned and refurbished goods reached 40% of total GMV on our marketplace after consistently outpacing the sales of brand-new goods since the pandemic. In service of that mission, a major priority in 2024 is strengthening our consumer value proposition in pre-owned fashion. Through our multiyear partnership with Love Island in the U.K., we have grown awareness of the sustainability benefits of recommerce and educated consumers on the potential economic savings from shopping for pre-owned items. But there is more we can do to unlock consumers' closets and accelerate the circular economy.
 To that end, last month, we began to dramatically streamline the buying and selling experiences for pre-owned fashion on eBay, focusing on the U.K. We redesigned our shopping experience from the ground up to reduce friction and better meet the needs of modern fashion consumers. Our initial rollout included a number of features and improvements such as a simplified selling flow, curated item specifics, photo guidance, intelligent pricing suggestions and condensed shipping options.
 We also eliminated final value fees on pre-owned apparel for C2C sellers in the U.K. and introduced new AI-powered tools to enhance discovery and drive more inspirational shopping behavior on our marketplace. One such feature is explore a new AI-powered shopping feed, enabling users to browse a nearly unlimited list of personalized recommendations based on implicit and explicit interest signals, such as the users' style preferences and sizes. The explore feed updates in real time in response to products that users interact with, while buyers can refine their shopping journey using our visually similar search feature powered by computer vision. Explore is focused on fashion to start, and we plan to expand its capabilities later this year. Explore is currently live for all U.K. users in beta alongside small pilots in other countries as we gather feedback and insights.
 In April, we also rolled out an early version of shop the look, which leverages generative AI to create shoppable content and fashion recommendations. Shop the look showcases a variety of styles such as business casual, Scandinavian minimalism or urban athleisure. Recommended outlets are linked to visually similar products on eBay, drawing from our hundreds of millions of live listings in fashion. Shop the look is live in iOS in the U.S. and U.K., and we will evolve this experience throughout 2024 based on customer feedback, including additional styles, greater diversity of outfits and increased user control over personalization.
 Next, I'd like to go deeper on the transformative power of AI. Last quarter, I talked about the meaningful strides we've taken in establishing eBay as a leader in generative AI for e-commerce. In Q1, we doubled our GPU capacity versus the end of 2023, which enabled our teams to accelerate our training and fine-tuning of foundational large language models to power a number of eBay features and services. In addition to powering consumer-facing features like explore, shop the look, magical listing and background enhancement, we're increasingly leveraging generative AI to change how we work, driving meaningful productivity and efficiency improvements across our organization.
 A prime example of this is within our Global Customer Experience organization, or GCX. We are in the midst of a multiyear journey to transform our GCX capabilities using technology. Our north star for customer service is not just to reduce cost, but meaningfully improve the quality of interactions. Recently, we implemented generative AI technology that supports our GCX teammates by analyzing incoming communications to create a simple summary of customers' needs and intent. This technology automatically extracts relevant solutions and next steps from an LLM fine-tuned using our comprehensive knowledge base and policy documents. We are now able to present solutions and a clear and concise structure to our GCX team, allowing them to quickly provide customers with the help and support they need, improving the accuracy, consistency and quality of support. With tens of millions of live customer contacts annually, these efficiencies should yield meaningful cost savings for our GCX organization.
 Generative AI tools are also improving our developer productivity and accelerating our overall tech velocity. Last year, we made GitHub Copilot available to all of our developers and saw encouraging results. We observed measurable improvements in productivity, along with code acceptance and accuracy. Nearly 3/4 of our developers now use Copilot every day. In parallel, we began building internal tools to streamline our development processes and improve efficiency. We fine-tuned an open-source LLM with eBay's codebase and other internal data to develop a proprietary coding assistant that has been incredibly helpful in labor-intensive areas like code migration and software upkeep. For instance, we estimate these tools can reduce the time required for code migration by as much as 20%.
 We also created an internal GPT specifically for developers that answers thousands of questions per week, serving as a knowledge base for our internal documentation. Overall, we're still early in our generative AI productivity journey, but these are just a few examples of proprietary tools we've introduced to our GCX and technology teams that are already yielding tangible benefits.
 Turning to advertising. Our ads business continued to deliver healthy growth at scale while improving velocity and price realization for our sellers at compelling return on ad spend levels. During Q1, first-party advertising grew 28%, while total ad revenue represented 2.1% of GMV. During the quarter, over 3 million sellers adopted a single ad product, and we ended the quarter with over 950 million live Promoted Listings.
 Our standard cost per acquisition units remain the largest contributor to year-over-year ad revenue growth in Q1, followed by our cost per click advanced product. We are also seeing promising results from some Promoted Listing products in beta. One such product that's continued to gain traction in beta is Offsite Ads. This off-eBay solution enables sellers to more actively participate in extending the reach of their listings through CPC ads placed on external services. This product leverages eBay's decades of advertising technology investment on behalf of those sellers, enabling advanced targeting, campaign management and pricing optimization. We expanded our go-to-market efforts for Offsite Ads towards the end of last year, and this product emerged as a material contributor to first-party ad revenue growth in Q1. We have ambitious road map to further optimize these ad units and increase seller adoption throughout 2024.
 Now let's turn to impact. The eBay community continues to impress us with their generosity. Last quarter, eBay for Charity enabled sellers and buyers to raise more than $46 million, up 18% year-over-year. We also recently published our eighth annual diversity, equity and inclusion report. With our purpose of connecting people and building communities to create economic opportunity for all, we know diversity makes us a better and stronger place to work, sell and buy.
 Among the highlights from our 2023 DE&I report was the launch of our first-ever inclusion index, which helps us gain a stronger understanding of our employee experience, measure our progress over time and determine how we can better support our employees as a workplace.
 Our Communities of Inclusion, our internal eBay resource groups, also remained an integral part of what we do. In 2023, our 11 COIs hosted more than 360 global events, reaching more than 17,000 attendees during the year. And finally, for the eighth year in a row, we've concluded our gender pay equity study, and I'm proud to report our gender pay ratio remained consistent at just over 100% globally.
 In closing, Q1 marked a strong start to 2024 as we exceeded our financial targets and continued to make progress toward our goal of long-term sustainable GMV growth. Focus categories maintained significant momentum despite ongoing macro pressure on discretionary e-commerce. After many quarters of consistent innovation in focus categories like luxury, P&A, refurbished, sneakers and streetwear, we are bringing our innovation playbook to pre-owned fashion in the U.K. to simplify selling, drive inspirational shopping and promote the circular economy.
 Our agreement with Collectors would further strengthen our value proposition for hobbyists as we streamline the process of buying, selling, grading and storing trading cards. And we believe our advancements in generative AI are fundamentally changing the customer experience on eBay, increasing productivity across our organization and ultimately driving more value for shareholders. Our momentum and excelling pace of innovation are a testament to the incredible work of our employees, who continue to execute our strategic road map and service of our customers.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you. 
Stephen Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with the financial highlights section of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll discuss our key financial and operating metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our outlook for the second quarter in context on the full year before we begin Q&A. My comments will reflect FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless I note otherwise.
 We exceeded expectations across our key financial metrics in Q1 despite an uneven demand environment in our major markets to start the year. Gross merchandise volume was roughly flat at $18.6 billion. Revenue grew more than 2% to $2.56 billion, outpacing volume by over 2 points. Non-GAAP operating margin was 30.3%. We delivered $1.25 of non-GAAP earnings per share, up 13%. And we returned $638 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends.
 Let's take a closer look at our financial performance during the first quarter. Gross merchandise volume of $18.6 billion was roughly flat year-over-year, while foreign exchange was a tailwind of nearly 1 point to reported GMV growth. Our teams did a tremendous job executing on our strategy across focus categories, country-specific investments and horizontal initiatives. Our Q1 volume also benefited from an extra day in the quarter due to the leap year. However, we continue to navigate through a tough environment to discretionary e-commerce, particularly in the U.K. and Germany, 2 of our largest markets.
 Focus categories GMV grew by nearly 5% in aggregate or roughly 6 points faster than the remainder of our marketplace during the quarter. This continued momentum was driven by positive volume growth in P&A, refurbished, collectibles and luxury goods, reflecting the breadth and resilience of our focus categories.
 Next, I'll walk through our results on a geographic basis. U.S. GMV was nearly flat in Q1. As Jamie mentioned, P&A was the largest contributor to growth among focus categories despite the slow start in January caused by severe weather conditions in the U.S. These headwinds slightly offset the solid performance in trading cards where we've seen improving volume trends in recent quarters, which disproportionately benefit our U.S. business.
 International GMV grew nearly 1% on an FX-neutral basis and increased by nearly 3% as reported due to FX tailwinds. Last quarter, we highlighted the impact of our Germany C2C initiative and overall growth in the region. I am pleased that Germany C2C volume growth remain positive even as we began to lap the rollout of these changes in March of last year.
 In the U.K., we did see some softness in C2C volumes during the quarter when the new U.K. digital sales reporting requirements came into effect. We are currently working to educate sellers that many of them actually do not incur taxes for selling pre-owned items. In contrast, our B2C business trends were consistent with recent quarters as we kept pace with our closest market benchmark as reported by the British Retail Consortium.
 Moving on to buyers. Trading 12-month active buyers and enthusiast buyers were both stable sequentially at approximately $132 million and $16 million, respectively, at the end of Q1. Within the quarter, growth in new and reactivated buyers remained positive year-over-year, while buyer retention improved compared to recent quarters. Despite macro headwinds, spend per active and enthusiast buyer both grew slightly compared to a year ago.
 Turning to revenue. We generated revenue of $2.56 billion during Q1, up over 2%, outpacing volume by over 2 points. Foreign exchange was a headwind of roughly 60 basis points to reported year-over-year revenue growth. Our take rate in the first quarter was over 13.7%, down less than 10 basis points quarter-over-quarter. The sequential decline was primarily driven by FX headwinds, which more than offset the seasonal improvement in core take rate in Q1. On a year-over-year basis, our take rate expanded by nearly 10 basis points driven by tailwinds from first-party advertising, eBay International Shipping and payments, offset by a 20 basis point headwind from FX.
 Total advertising revenue grew 20% to $384 million and represented 2.1% penetration of GMV. First-party ads grew 28% to $370 million, nearly 28 points faster than volume. Our legacy third-party display ads remained a headwind to total advertising growth in Q1, with revenue declining 55% to less than $15 million. As discussed in recent quarters, we continue to selectively [ duplicate ] these noncore ads on certain pages to improve the overall user experience, and they now make up less than 4% of total ad revenue.
 Shifting to profitability. Non-GAAP gross margin improved by 60 basis points year-over-year as headwinds from eBay International Shipping, traffic acquisition costs associated with the ramp of Offsite Ads and FX were more than offset by lower depreciation expenses and cost of payments efficiencies. As we discussed last quarter, our depreciation expense in 2024 is impacted by an extension in the accounting useful life of our servers and networking equipment, which primarily will be recognized in cost of revenue. Additional information will be available in our 10-Q filing.
 Non-GAAP operating margin was 30.3% in Q1, improving 70 basis points year-over-year and 360 basis points sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, our operating margins benefited from our workforce reduction in January, the aforementioned accounting change, cost of payment efficiencies and our structural cost program. This leverage was partly offset by a foreign exchange headwind of roughly 70 basis points and reinvestments into sales and marketing to support our full-funnel initiatives.
 We grew non-GAAP earnings per share by nearly 13% to $1.25 in the first quarter. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share was $0.85 in Q1. The difference was primarily due to stock-based compensation and a reduction in the value of our equity investment portfolio, largely due to FX movements.
 Next, I'll discuss our balance sheet and capital allocation. Our free cash flow was $472 million in Q1, down year-over-year due to the timing of working capital items. We ended the first quarter with cash and nonequity investments of $4.9 billion and gross debt of $7.7 billion. We repurchased $499 million of eBay shares at an average price of approximately $51 during Q1 and had $2.9 billion remaining under our buyback authorization at the end of the period. In addition, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $139 million in March or $0.27 per share. Since the beginning of 2022, we have returned $6.2 billion to shareholders through repurchasing dividends of roughly 134% of cumulative free cash flow over that period.
 Now I'll give an update on our investment portfolio. Our equity investments and warrants were valued at over $5 billion at the end of Q1. Our Adevinta stake was valued at over $4 billion, down over $200 million quarter-on-quarter, primarily due to FX movements.
 On April 24, the consortium led by Permira and Blackstone received its final regulatory clearance regarding the offer to acquire Adevinta. We expect this transaction to close on May 29, subject to closing conditions. While changes in FX rates impact the value of our stake for quarterly reporting purposes, they do not impact the cash proceeds we expect from the pending deal.
 Our Adyen warrants were valued at over $500 million at the end of Q1. Our warrant value is calculated based on several assumptions, including Adyen share price and the probability of vesting.
 Turning to our outlook. Our strategy and execution are driving underlying growth in our business. However, the macro environment remains challenging and dynamic. Balancing these factors, we forecast Q2 GMV between $17.8 million and $18.2 billion, representing FX-neutral growth between negative 2% and flat year-over-year. At current rates, FX would represent roughly 0.5 point of headwind to Q2 GMV growth year-over-year and roughly 1 point of headwind quarter-over-quarter.
 We expect to generate revenue between $2.49 billion and $2.54 billion in Q2, representing FX-neutral growth between negative 1% and positive 1% year-over-year. Our forecast implies revenue will outpace volume by close to 1 point on an FX-neutral basis. We estimate FX will represent more than a 1 point headwind to spot revenue growth in Q2. We expect first-party ad revenue growth to decelerate to low double digits year-over-year in Q2 due to lapping and onetime factors.
 As we discussed last year, a deferral release to CPC ads put forward approximately $9 million of ad revenue into Q2 of 2023. In addition, benefits from our Halo attribution change in Q2 of last year led to extraordinary growth in first-party advertising overall, which will create more challenging year-over-year comparisons for the remainder of this year. However, we do expect a recovery in advertising growth during the second half of 2024 driven by continued adoption and optimization of our first-party ad products.
 We forecast Q2 non-GAAP operating margin between 26.9% and 27.6% or 35 basis points of year-over-year improvement at the midpoint. This is consistent with historical seasonality, where Q1 is usually the high point for operating margin, followed by a sequential decline in Q2, reflecting both the seasonal decrease in volumes and the ramp-up in product and full-funnel marketing investments.
 We expect to generate non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.10 and $1.15 in the second quarter, representing non-GAAP EPS growth between 6% and 11% year-over-year. Based on current rates, FX would represent a headwind of roughly 2.5 percentage points.
 Moving to the full year. We continue to plan our business assuming no fundamental change in the macro environment this year. Within this context, we expect our FX-neutral GMV to turn positive in Q3 or Q4. We expect revenue to outpace GMV growth by approximately 2 points for the full year on an FX-neutral basis. In addition, FX represents close to a 1 point expected headwind to total spot revenue growth.
 We maintain our outlook for non-GAAP operating margin to expand by 60 to 100 basis points for the full year. Where we land in this range could vary based on investment opportunities we see throughout the year, not necessarily our volume trends alone. At current rates, we continue to expect FX to be a year-over-year headwind of roughly 50 basis points to operating margins, which is mostly offset by an expected tailwind of 40 basis points primarily driven by the change in accounting estimate associated with the extension of the useful life of servers and networking equipment.
 For the full year, we project capital expenditures to be between 4% and 5% of revenue, in line with our historical average. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to remain stable at 16.5%. We expect just under $2 billion of free cash flow in 2024 with the majority generated in the second half of the year. As a reminder, our free cash flow has been temporarily pressured in recent years by scheduled repatriation payments and changes to the tax treatment of R&D expenses, which will largely alleviate after 2025. From a timing perspective, our federal cash tax payments will revert to a normal schedule this year with our largest outlay occurring in Q2, leading to a more normalized cadence of free cash flow.
 From a capital allocation standpoint, our Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.27 per share for Q2 to be paid in June. For the full year, we are targeting share repurchases of just over $2 billion. Given our better-than-expected Q1 results and our confidence in our strategy and execution, we are increasing our forecast for non-GAAP earnings per share growth to 9% to 11% year-over-year in 2024.
 In closing, Q1 was a strong quarter for eBay as we exceeded our outlook across our key financial metrics. Our results highlight the resilience of our marketplace and business model amid persistent challenges in the global economy. We remain on track to achieve positive GMV growth this year in Q3 or Q4, driven by our accelerating pace of innovation across focus categories and horizontal initiatives. In addition, we are laser-focused on further improving our cost discipline and efficiency and expect operating margin expansion this year, even as we make incremental investments to drive sustainable, long-term growth. As a result, we plan to deliver double-digit earnings growth this year at the midpoint of our guidance and exceed our original 3-year target for total capital returns.
 With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Nathan Feather from Morgan Stanley. 
Nathaniel Feather: So I want to dig in and touch on the margins. The 2Q non-GAAP operating margin is at about 300 basis points at the midpoint. On top of this normal marketing seasonality you see, can you provide some more color on the puts and takes which are driving that? And then with that in mind, how should we think about the cadence of operating margin through the remainder of the year? 
Stephen Priest: Nathan, I'll take that. Steve here. Our Q2 guide implies margin expansion between 0 and 70 basis points year-over-year, depending on where we land in the range. That's really driven by underlying advertising growth efficiency gains, partly offset by some of the investments we've talked about and some FX headwinds that we're seeing. You're right, there's a bit of seasonality that we deal with as we go through the year. The second quarter does generally have sequential contraction. That's in line with the last few years because seasonally, Q1 is our strongest quarter for operating margin due to relatively higher GMV and low expenses.
 A few of the puts and takes that we're seeing, the first thing I would say is that we continue to lean in, in investment. We see a lot of opportunity for good ROI as we are continuing to be committed to growing GMV in either third or the fourth quarter of next year, and we're seeing benefits associated with that. Secondly, there's a couple of dynamics with regards to advertising. In Q2 of 2023, we saw changes in terms of the Halo attribution, which really sort of saw significant momentum in our first-party ads in the second quarter of 2023. And in addition, we saw some revenue recognition changes in the second quarter, about $9 million that was pulled forward.
 So we're sort of dealing with those 2 dynamics. But as you've seen from our prepared remarks, we continue to be confident in the outlook, and we continue to guide margin expansion through 2024 between 60 and 100 basis points as we look forward to going through the rest of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian from Baird. 
Colin Sebastian: Jamie, I appreciate the review of all the product initiatives in the marketplace. And I guess in the context of the confidence you have in that acceleration in growth in the back half, I guess, which of these innovations are driving the most incremental activity or conversions on the platform? And is that part of that acceleration that you're anticipating? 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. I'd really say it's threefold, Colin. I'd say first is the focus category work that we're doing. You see us not only kind of expanding what we're doing there, but investing in categories that we've already launched before like what we announced in collectibles with the Collectors and Goldin this quarter, what we're seeing in terms of the growth of luxury, of P&A, refurbished at 5%. So that's probably the first thing I'd say.
 The second is just the geo work that we're doing in specific geographies. If you look at the work that we did in Germany on C2C, we continue to see healthy returns from that. We're more than a year from launching that. We launched that in Q1 of last year, and we're continuing to see positive C2C momentum in Germany and healthy metrics and encouraging numbers from our CSAT standpoint. So that's the second.
 And the third I would say is the efforts that we have against our horizontal innovations. So we've talked about things like magical listing, of simplifying the selling flow. We continue to invest in search, in CRM and a number of horizontal initiatives. I'd call out 2 that we talked about this quarter, which are explore and shop the look, new AI capabilities that we're launching first in fashion to really create a new browsing experience. So all 3 of those together is what gives us the confidence in moving forward and how we feel good about what we put out there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs. 
Eric Sheridan: Maybe 2-parter, if I could. In terms of cross-border commerce, what's the current state you're seeing in terms of cross-border and region-wide globally in terms of a driver of GMV dynamics into the business? And have you seen any impact from increased competition from cross-border, especially in areas of the world like Europe? And how would you characterize the state of competitive intensity? 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, our cross-border is one of our great strengths as a business. 1 in 5 transactions or about 20% of GMV goes across borders on eBay, and it's very strategic for us in that for sellers, it opens up a very vast demand opportunity. We've talked for a couple of quarters about eBay International Shipping as an example of one of those things. We've talked about our payments team investing in buyer and seller FX to make that more easy and take the friction out for customers.
 So you take, for example, a look at parts and accessories, which continues to perform well at mid-single digits, one of the largest contributors to that growth is really healthy CBT business. You look at luxury being positive even in this macro environment. And it's in part because of the work we're doing where we launched an authentication center in Japan, and we have great inventory coming out of there.
 So it's one of the benefits that we have from a global marketplace. We think we're unique from that perspective in terms of what we offer, in terms of the capability for sellers, and we're pleased with what we're seeing in the growth of CBT overall. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Champion from Piper Sandler. 
Thomas Champion: Jamie, I'm wondering if you could just talk about your view of the health of the consumer. There doesn't seem to be much consensus out there. And just curious, your view and how that may have changed over the last 90 days. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Tom, thanks for the question. Look, we continue to operate in a really dynamic environment given the macro challenges globally with inflationary pressures and interest rates. We talked about Q1 started off a bit softer because of some of the weather, but then we had a reasonably good tax period. I would say the backdrop remains weaker in Europe than it does in the U.S., where U.S. is in better shape. If you look at e-commerce growth rates in U.K. and Germany this quarter, they're negative, and that's overall, and obviously, we play more in discretionary than consumables.
 So I think this is where our model is really winning, right? Our model is working because we have global demand. We've really focused in on non-new-in-season over the last couple of years. And we can provide value in a marketplace like this. We can be a great avenue for selling in terms of consumer demand. And I think it's why we reached the milestone this year or this quarter of now 40% of our inventory is pre-loved or refurbished is because we're seeing strength from the value proposition that we've built, and it's resonating with the consumer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. 
Bryan Smilek: It's Bryan Smilek on for Doug. Could you just talk about the velocity of investments across generative AI and any affiliated CapEx needs and then, I guess, on that same line of questioning too, just timing of when you could see revenue uplift from these investments over time? 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we're really excited by the advancements that we're making in AI. I feel somewhat of a privilege to be able to lead this company because when you think of the breadth of categories, the data that we have for over 20 years, the scale of the size of business, being able to put AI against those is really compelling. So on the consumer-facing side, we continue to see amazing traction with magical listing. It's now -- writes description for 100% of users across native, desktop, mWeb, and we're working on Phase 2 there. We've got that rolled out to a percentage of sellers, which is great.
 When you look at explore and shop the look, those are 2 features that, starting with fashion, are really bringing a whole new browse experience to eBay. If you think about it, our fashion category on eBay is over $10 billion, and we have amazing inventory and incredible values. But if you wanted to put an outfit together on eBay, the buyer had to do all that work for the last 20 years. And most of them did, and we built a really healthy business. Now we can use AI to basically do all of that hard work for the consumer. And depending on their style, which they tell us or we infer based on their sizing, we can put the right products in front of them directly.
 So we're really excited by the potential of what we're seeing, by the acceptance that we have. When you look at magical listing, 90% of customers that use and accept what we put together, which is fantastic, and also just the interest from our consumers. Steve, maybe you want to talk a little bit about financially? 
Stephen Priest: Yes, of course. So Bryan, I think there's a couple of things I'd say. First of all, our size, our scale and our financial architecture with eBay with the strength of the balance sheet we have is a distinct advantage for us, particularly as we look to exploit generative AI and the benefits that come from that. With regards to how we're thinking about it from a CapEx and an OpEx standpoint, all of the investment that we've talked about in 2024 from a CapEx standpoint is embedded in the 4% to 5% of revenue, which we've guided for the full year.
 In terms of the OpEx investments associated with generative AI and everything that comes from that, that is contemplated in both our earnings and margin architecture that we've laid out. And in terms of revenue contribution, that's sort of embedded in the work that we've done and is enabling us to put the margin accretion up on the board between 60 and 100 basis points for 2024. And it will also give us benefits, as Jamie has talked about, for years to come as we improve trust and momentum on the overall platform. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Blackledge from TD Cowen. 
John Blackledge: On the trading card business, you guys mentioned that trading card volume is up over the last few quarters. Just curious, what's driving the uptick in volume? And would you expect volumes to kind of remain elevated as we get through the year? 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we're excited by what we're seeing in trading cards. What we saw is that there was obviously a lot of activity during the pandemic, and we were able to hold on to a lot of customers that we acquired and frankly, a lot of customers that got reactivated or reinterested into the hobby. When you look at collectibles, we've been investing in it over quite some time. We've launched a number of features, whether it's price guides, making it easier, [ My Collections ] on the marketplace, we've launched new shipping forms, we've introduced authentication in that product, et cetera, and really built the suite of what collectors were asking us to do.
 And then this quarter, as you saw a few weeks ago, the 3-part agreement that we've developed with Collectors really takes that to the next level. And frankly, this is something that collectors have been asking us to do, which is, hey, we create real value in getting our cards graded. We love selling them on eBay. How could we make that whole process easier? And when you look at the 3 separate deals that we put together, that's exactly what we intended to do with trading cards.
 So we're bringing in the Goldin platform, excited to bring Ken and his team in. This is going to bring really unique inventory, frankly, the world's most desirable inventory into the platform. Like they sold a Honus Wagner card for $7 million. It was the third most expensive trading card ever sold. Michael Jordan sneakers that sold for $1.4 million. There's this great book of the [ Goldin 100 ]. And we're just excited to have this new high-touch, white-glove experience available to sellers and to bring a global reach now for Goldin sellers on the marketplace.
 And then when you look at the commercial agreements, making it easier to buy, sell, trade and grade on the platform through an integrated experience is a great opportunity because clearly, a lot of collectors buy ungraded cards on eBay that they want to get graded or they've just graded a card or they realize the value based on the grade they have that they want to sell it. And so our ability to do this really helps grow the industry. It helps grow the hobby, and it's really what collectors have been asking us to do. So I'm really excited about what it means for the collecting and the future here at eBay. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Kramer from Arete Research. 
Richard Kramer: A quick question for both of you. Jamie, when you talk about the guidance of take rate expansion, can you talk through how you might mitigate risk of seeing seller defections to other platforms that are doing cheap promotions and also whether you'd anticipate the promotion like you're doing now in the U.K. on used apparel being something that's permanent and that people can get used to? And then, Steve, could you maybe quickly just size the cost savings from the headcount reductions you made at the start of the year and whether that's going to get reinvested? Or is that something that's supporting the margin expansion you mentioned? 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, the reason that we have such good seller metrics and sellers are so loyal, Richard, is because we let them build a brand on eBay. They build an eBay store, they have a presence, and we bring them a lot of really unique value propositions. We bring them the scale and breadth of global buyers on the marketplace. We bring them all of the capabilities to market and advertise their products really easily. We just -- we've been working the last couple of quarters on this product I talked about with Offsite Ads, which helps them bring traffic back. And so it's really -- those are really, I think, important to sellers. And what we see is really good feedback from doing those.
 And what we're doing in the U.K., U.K. is a unique market for us. We have very strong awareness and we're a leading player in recommerce. But we view the pre-loved fashion category as really a gateway to recommerce. Pre-owned apparel shoppers are really valuable to our business. And what we see is that 30% of our C2C sellers actually sell in pre-owned apparel. So given the strategic nature, we not only looked at what we could do to drive that velocity with the fee structure that we outlined, but we built about 10 different discrete features in that launch, from a streamlined listing flow where there's much simpler shipping options, for example, we simplified item aspects to just the relevant fields, we now offer photo guidance in a really compelling way, including better image removal and background swap, changed the default. So did a lot of things to make the selling process easier while launching explore and shop the look on the buying side to really take advantage of a much more modern experience for shopping for fashion on eBay. 
Stephen Priest: Thanks, Jamie. Obviously, we made a difficult decision at the start of the year to go through the reduction in force. From the magnitude of the headcount and the restructuring charges, it's obviously a significant event for us. It was not just about sort of driving cost savings and creating capacity. It was also about sort of driving greater agility, speed in decision-making across the organization, so we can continue to deliver for our customers.
 As it pertains to the value of that, that, along with other savings that we continue to drive through operational efficiencies, through our structural cost program that we've been running through for a few years, it is creating the capacity for us to invest back into the business to stimulate sort of customer stickiness and also to drive long-term sustainable growth. It is contemplated in the 60 to 100 basis points of margin expansion that we've laid out for the full year and obviously, a critical part of the earnings momentum that we're expecting to see with double-digit earnings growth at the midpoint of our guide. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morton from MoffettNathanson. 
Michael Morton: Just wanted to maybe talk a little bit about what we discussed last quarter as well, and it's the impressive strength you've seen from cross-border, I think with your ability to lower the friction around it and then also places like China opening back up. I'd love to learn a little bit more about the composition of the goods coming cross-border, if it's very representative of the entire focus category platform or eBay more broadly and then the ability to see continued strength from some of the reasons -- regions like China. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, it's been an important strategic area for us. One of the reasons we launched eBay International Shipping was the whole concept that we wanted you to be able to ship a product from LA to Norway, and it would be as easy as shipping it from LA to Chicago. And we built that product, and eBay takes care of all of the hard work and the background of customs, duties, et cetera. And we're seeing really great feedback in terms of the CSAT and the performance that we're getting from our sellers from that perspective. We built a lot of features like buyer and seller FX, so that the buyer can transact in their currency of choice to make that really easy for the -- for both the buyer and for the seller.
 When you look at the categories and what we have, it's really across the board. And it's really aligned with our focus category strategy that we have. So whether that's parts and accessories and being able to generate great parts and accessories in different parts of the world and ship them around the world, even to unique parts that may be manufactured in one country that there may be global demand from that perspective.
 We talked about handbags being another example in luxury where there's inventory coming out of, for example, Japan. It's a great market for handbags. By putting authentication center there, that now opens up global demand for the great inventory that sits there. And really, when you think about it, there's great inventory in a lot of our categories all across the world. And what we really focus on is how to open that up.
 When you think about the scale of a $73 billion platform where 1 in 5 transactions is going across borders, the scale of that means that it's broad, it's very diverse from that perspective. And we have 2 billion live listings on the platform. So really just about every category on the platform benefits from the work we've done in cross-border and making that simpler and easier for our customers. 
Operator: We have no further questions. This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Krista, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the eBay Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to John Egbert, Vice President of Investor Relations. John, you may begin your conference.
John Egbert: Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us for eBay's fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'll remind you that during this conference call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons and all earnings per share amounts reflect earnings per diluted share, unless indicated otherwise. As we fully lap the TCG Player acquisition at the end of October 2023, our organic and total FX-neutral growth rates for Q4 have largely converged. During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q in our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of February 27, 2024. We do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm incredibly proud of the progress we made in 2023 against our vision of reinventing the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts and our goal of returning eBay to long-term sustainable growth. Let's go over a few highlights from the full year. First, despite significant macro pressure on discretionary spending across our major markets, we saw organic year-over-year GMV growth improved during each quarter of 2023, resulting in GMV growth down roughly 1% for the full year. Focus category GMV grew by nearly 4%, outpacing the remainder of our business by roughly 7 points, and we exited 2023 at approaching 30% penetration. We stabilized our active and enthusiast buyer count as acquisition, reactivation and retention improved year-over-year. Our revenue grew 3% organically to over $10 billion. driven by continued momentum in first-party advertising, expansion of our financial services offerings and the launch of eBay International Shipping. And we made significant investments in tech talent and marketing to support our strategic pillars, including making meaningful strides towards establishing eBay as a leader in generative AI for e-commerce. These results have demonstrated that we have the right strategy which has put us on a path to building a stronger, more resilient company. In service of that goal, last month, we announced significant organizational changes focused on removing layers and simplifying execution in order to better meet the needs of our customers. This involved the difficult but necessary decision to reduce our workforce by approximately 1,000 roles and begin to scale back our alternative workforce contracts. This restructuring better aligns our expenses with the growth of our business and I'm confident it will enable us to accelerate innovation while delivering long-term value for shareholders. Now turning to the fourth quarter. We generated $18.6 billion of gross merchandise volume in Q4, nearly flat versus the prior year. Revenue grew 3% to $2.6 billion. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 26.7%, and we delivered $1.07 of non-GAAP earnings per share resulting in $4.24 of EPS for the full year. Our focus category strategy remained a significant driver of underlying growth during Q4. We focused category GMV outpaced the remainder of our marketplace by approximately 6 points, growing roughly 4% for the third straight quarter. Our momentum in Motors Parts & Accessories, or P&A, continued in the quarter, as volume growth held steady in the mid-single digits. Our eBay Guaranteed Fit programs have benefited buyer trust and retention across the U.S., U.K. and Germany, driving incremental GMV within P&A last year. During Q4, we began rolling out multi-warehouse shipping optimization to some of our largest U.S. P&A sellers that collectively manage millions of listings. B2C sellers can activate these tools via eBay APIs, and this enables buyers to see more accurate estimated delivery dates when purchasing from sellers with multiple warehouses, which has driven a measurable uplift in conversion for early adopters. In 2024, we plan to onboard sellers in other categories to utilize this technology and tighten delivery estimates across eBay more broadly. Our established position in P&A has led to more than 100 million vehicles being saved in the My Garage section of eBay by active customers. In addition to providing better fitment experiences, we are finding more ways to leverage this valuable data to drive utility for our customers. For example, last quarter, we introduced predictive maintenance that offers AI-driven auto part recommendations based on a vehicle's mileage. Features like this help eBay stay top of mind for customers looking for auto parts at a great value. The work we've done in the eBay Authenticity Guarantee program has also been a key driver of our focused category momentum and raising the level of trust on the marketplace. In Q4, we launched our eighth authentication center in Tokyo, Japan, our first center focused primarily on cross-border trade. Our Tokyo center is currently authenticating luxury handbags and will expand to other highest categories over time. Japan is one of the largest and fastest-growing market for personal luxury goods in the world, enabling our global buyers to tap into a wealth of inventory from the world's most exclusive brands with complete confidence. Earlier this month, we also expanded the Authenticity Guarantee Program to cover loose gemstones. This further extends our product coverage within fine jewelry with authentication from our existing partner, the Gemological Institute of America, a trusted authority for over nine decades. In addition to expanding focus categories, last year, we made a significant investment in Germany, our third largest country as measured by demand. We adopted a similar approach to our vertical playbook to address the unique needs of German consumers. These changes included language enhancements and improvements to search, SEO and recommendations, shipping and return label improvements and a complete overhaul of the local pickup experience. In January, we further improved local discovery in Germany by introducing a new MAP-based browsing experience, which services trending and recently listed items through an intuitive interface based on what's nearby and easy to pick up. Overall, our initiative in Germany has outperformed our initial expectations. We've observed C2C seller NPS and customer satisfaction both up 20 points or more versus our previous baselines. Our buyer NPS also increased by double digits as buyers who sell returned to positive growth following the initiative launch. In addition, enhancements made to our QR code technology has helped reduce unpaid items by more than 50% for local pickups. And importantly, C2C volume in Germany returned to positive growth resulting in hundreds of millions of dollars of incremental GMV relative to our prior trajectory. These investments have made our business significantly more resilient to the challenging macro environment in Germany where overall e-commerce growth has been negative in recent quarters. During 2023, we also laid the groundwork to accelerate our capabilities in artificial intelligence and further embed AI throughout the customer experience and our organization. After the first commercial large language models became available from companies like OpenAI and others last year, we immediately found ways to leverage generative AI technology to improve the eBay experience across selling, buying, advertising and marketing. Within a few months, we began fine-tuning open-source LLMs using eBay's proprietary commerce data on our own infrastructure. These models include a smaller number of parameters and thus operated faster and more cost efficiently than commercial LLM when operating at scale. But we also found these fine-tuned LLM could perform as well or in some cases, better than commercial LLM across certain dimensions and use cases, such as generating listing descriptions. To support an even more ambitious AI roadmap for 2024, by the end of Q1, we expect to have doubled our GPU capacity versus the end of last year. Importantly, this investment falls within our historical CapEx budget range of 4% to 5% of revenue. This added GPU capacity, combined with our existing infrastructure, allows us to develop LLMs from scratch pre-trained using eBay's nearly three decades worth of e-commerce data. While we'll continue to take a hybrid approach, leveraging both commercial and open-source LMs, we expect more generative AI services to be powered by internal LLM in 2024, helping make buying and selling on eBay simpler, faster and more magical. In terms of customer-facing features, we continue to iterate on our magical listing experience that has already been used by millions of sellers, which we believe makes it one of the most widely used Gen AI features in e-commerce to date. Generative AI descriptions have rolled out to 100% of users in our top 5 markets. Adoption trends remain healthy. Customer satisfaction continues to be at high levels as we've expanded outside of English-speaking countries and content acceptance rates remain above 90% through the full rollout. The next phase of our magical listing experience is currently being tested by up to 5% of C2C sellers on an opt-in basis. This experience is even more seamless as it leverages our image recognition technology and generative AI to prefill or suggest product titles, categories and other item aspects using photos alone. We are excited to make this experience available to more sellers in Q1 as early feedback from beta users has been incredibly encouraging. I'm also pleased to see the potential benefits our AI tools can have on the billions of listing images across our marketplace as high-quality products photos can have a significant impact on conversion on eBay. Last quarter, we completed the global rollout of our revamped background removal tool in our listing flows, which leverages AI to effortlessly remove background noise from their product images. This tool has enabled sellers to create cleaner, more professional product images and it has received rave reviews from our customers. Building on top of this, we're now leveraging generative AI to make sellers product images even more compelling using our new background swap tool. This feature allows sellers to show their products alongside a wide variety of AI-generated backgrounds. For example, you can display a pair of Air Jordan sneakers on a hardwood basketball court or showcase your preowned hiking boots a top of Pictures Mountain Summit. We are currently testing this feature in beta with 1% of sellers on iOS devices, and I'm excited to see more sellers leveraging these tools to enhance their product images and drive conversion. Now turning to our advertising business, which delivered another strong quarter. Total advertising revenue grew 20% to $393 million, while first-party ads outpaced volume by 30 points. For the full year, we generated over $1.4 billion of total advertising revenue, up roughly 25% for the year and more than double our ad revenue in 2019. The over 2.9 million sellers adopted a single ad product during Q4, and we currently have over 900 million live promoted listings. Our standard cost per acquisition product remained the largest contributor to year-over-year ads growth in Q4. But notably, Promoted Listings advanced, our cost per click unit was the largest contributor to sequential advertising growth. Our CPC revenue and overall advertiser count benefited from the launch of rule-based campaigns in Q4, which allows sellers to automatically promote new listings based on rules that set for inclusion, such as price range, category, brand or condition. Additionally, during Q4, we launched a top-picks carousel for search. which provides a curated set of promoted listings ads comprised of hyper-relevant top-selling items from our highest ranked sellers. Thus far, buyers have been highly engaged with these ads providing added velocity for our sellers. Next, I'd like to share a few milestones around our sustainability efforts last year, starting with eCommerce. eCommerce continues to provide significant value for sellers and buyers during these uncertain times. In 2023, our marketplace generated nearly $4.9 billion in positive economic impact due to sale of pre-loved and refurbished goods. This activity helped avoid approximately 1.6 million metric tons of carbon emissions that would typically be used in producing new goods and kept nearly 70,000 metric tons of waste from going into landfills. Additionally, eBay remains committed to enabling more green energy on the U.S. electricity grid. As part of these ambitions, we have entered into agreements for three offsite renewable energy projects over the past four years. Our portion of the latest project is now fully operational, and the green energy produced will be roughly equivalent to the annual energy usage at our data center in Salt Lake City. Combined with our other two projects, this green energy covers over 40% of our global electricity consumption. And I'm incredibly proud that we source over 90% of our energy consumption for eBay controlled offices and data centers from renewable sources overall, and we remain on track to reaching our 100% renewable target by 2025. Now let's turn to impact. I'm always amazed by the tremendous generosity of the eBay community. eBay for Charity enables sellers and buyers to raise more than $43 million in Q4 and nearly $162 million for the full year. The eBay Foundation granted more than $19 million in 2023 to support historically excluded entrepreneurs and through our employee gift-matching program. I'm honored to be a purpose-driven company that supports communities around the world. For the fifth year in a row, eBay was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World and North American indices. eBay was also included once again in Just Capital and CNBC's list of America's most just companies which measures corporate performance and efforts in areas such as climate change, DE&I and employee wellness. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our employees for their incredible work and bringing our strategy to life and their tireless support in our community worldwide amid ongoing challenges in the global economy. In closing, while we continue to navigate a dynamic operating environment, I'm incredibly optimistic about our roadmap for 2024. Our teams are better organized for speed, allowing us to be nimble and make critical decisions more quickly. The foundational AI capabilities we developed last year make us well positioned to unlock the power of our data assets, fundamentally change the customer experience on eBay, and drive efficiency across the company in 2024. We will continue to invest in new and existing focus categories while also improving country-specific experiences like we did in Germany last year. We expect continued momentum in first-party advertising, despite lapping outstanding growth in the prior year, while we grow our financial service offerings for customers. And from a financial standpoint, we are in a strong position to expand margins, drive robust earnings growth and deliver healthy capital returns to shareholders in 2024, while still investing in high ROI initiatives to keep us on the path towards sustainable GMV growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with the financial highlights section of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll discuss our key financial and operating metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our outlook for the first quarter and the full year and some closing thoughts before we begin Q&A. My comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons on an FX-neutral basis, unless I note otherwise. I'm pleased that we met or exceeded expectations across our key financial metrics in Q4 despite observing a softer demand environment during the early part of the quarter. Gross merchandise volume was nearly flat at $18.6 billion. Revenue grew 3% to nearly $2.6 billion, outpacing volume by over 3 points. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.7%. We delivered $1.07 of non-GAAP earnings per share, and we returned $379 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Let's take a closer look at our financial performance during the fourth quarter. Gross merchandise volume of $18.6 billion was nearly flat year-over-year, while foreign exchange was a tailwind of up 2 points to reported GMV growth. As we discussed last quarter, we observed softer demand for discretionary goods during the beginning of Q4 as consumers dealt with elevated inflation from higher interest rates in our key markets. Shoppers were more discerning in their purchase behavior as we approach the holidays and the promotional environment adapted to meet their expectations. However, we started to see our business improve towards the end of November, particularly in the U.S., driven by consumers looking for value to stretch their limited holiday budgets. Additionally, we believe recent product improvements modestly benefited our participation in last minute holiday shopping. These included improved accuracy of our estimated delivery dates and product changes we made in Q4 to better highlight listings with faster shipping times. Focused categories continue to drive underlying momentum in our business, growing roughly 6 points faster than the remainder of our marketplace during the quarter. P&A Refurbished and Luxury with the top three contributors to GMV growth in focused categories. P&A delivered another quarter of mid-single-digit GMV growth as improved trust from programs like Guaranteed Fit and growing shipment coverage continue to benefit the overall customer experience. Next, I'll walk through our results on a geographic basis. U.S. GMV was nearly flat in Q4, an improvement of 1 point sequentially. The U.S. consumer demand was notably more resilient relative to our largest international markets, consistent with market benchmarks. The underlying growth was even stronger when we include U.S. buyer spending on cross-border goods. International GMV was down nearly 1% on an FX-neutral basis and up 4% as reported due to FX tailwinds. While we saw resilient demand in the U.K. and Germany over the holidays e-commerce market growth in these countries remain challenged. The progress we made in Germany to improve the seller and buyer experiences, particularly within C2C, help mitigate a tough environment where e-commerce growth has been persistently negative. In the U.K., our GMV growth narrowed the gap to market as consumers continue to look for value during the holidays. We also benefited from the lapping of the Royal Mail strikes that impacted results in Q4 of 2022. Moving to buyers. Trailing 12-month active buyers were $132 million at the end of last year. Continuing the trend of stabilization in 2023 after a period of post-COVID rationalization in recent years. Enthusiast buyers remained approximately 16 million. Spend currency enthusiast was stable quarter-over-quarter at around $3,000 annually despite continued pressure on discretionary spending across our major geographies. Turning to revenue. We generated revenue of $2.6 billion during the fourth quarter, up 3%, outpacing volume by over 3 points. Foreign exchange was a headwind of over 1 point to reported year-over-year revenue growth. Our take rate in Q4 was approximately 13.8%, down roughly 10 basis points quarter-over-quarter. The sequential decline was primarily driven by seasonal category and product mix partly offset by continued momentum in our advertising business and a modest tailwind from FX. On a year-over-year basis, our take rate was roughly flat despite nearly 0.5 point of FX headwind. Total advertising revenue grew 20% to $393 million and reached 2.1% penetration of GMV. First-party ads grew 30% and to $368 million or 30 points faster than volume. As Jamie discussed earlier, we saw a robust seller adoption of Promoted Listings advanced in Q4, driven by recent innovations like smart targeting on role-based campaigns. Moving to profitability. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.7% during the quarter, improving 30 basis points sequentially and down roughly 3 points year-over-year. Foreign exchange was a headwind to margins of approximately 150 basis points in Q4 compared to a year ago. The remainder is largely attributable to continued investment in product development and the margin impact of recent M&A. As expected, eBay international shipping was no longer a drag on our operating margins in Q4. But this program weighed modestly on gross margins year-over-year. as its cost primarily fall within cost of revenue. Overall gross margin was down about 60 basis points year-over-year as modest headwinds from EIS were partly offset by efficiencies in cost of payments. Within G&A expense, we recognized a GAAP restructuring charge of $99 million in Q4 relating to our recent organizational changes as well as the GAAP accrual of $15 million related to pending legal matters. You will find more information on adjustments in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in the appendix of our earnings presentation. While additional details on the legal matters, will be provided in our upcoming 10-K. We generated non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.07 in Q4, roughly flat year-over-year. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share was $1.40 for the quarter, driven by unrealized gains in our equity investment portfolio. These gains were partly offset by stock-based compensation on the aforementioned GAAP restructuring charge. Turning to our balance sheet and capital allocation. Our free cash flow was negative $3 million in Q4, consistent with our guidance for de minimis free cash flow is California's disaster tax relief program for 2023, delayed the majority of our annual cash tax payments until October. We ended the year with cash and nonequity investments of $5.1 billion and gross debt of $7.7 billion. We repurchased $250 million of eBay shares at an average price of approximately $41 during Q4, and had $1.4 billion remaining in our buyback authorization at the end of the quarter. In addition, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $129 million in December or $0.25 per share. Since the beginning of 2022, we have returned nearly $5.6 billion to shareholders through repurchasing dividends of roughly 134% and cumulative free cash flow over that period. Turning to our investment portfolio. Our equity investments and warrants were valued at over $5 billion at the end of Q4. Our Adevinta stake was valued at nearly $4.5 billion, up nearly $0.5 billion versus Q3. On November 21, a consortium led by Permira and Blackstone announced an offer to acquire Adevinta. This offer is proceeding as expected, and we continue to expect it to close in Q2. The public offer period expired on February 9 with 95% of shareholders accepting the offer which satisfies the requirement of at least 90% acceptance rate. We understand that the consortium is working expeditiously to achieve the remaining regulatory approvals and closes. Our add-in warrants were valued at over $360 million at the end of Q4. Our warrant value is calculated based on several assumptions, including add-in share price and the probability of vesting. Moving to our outlook. We have started the year with relatively uneven demand across our major markets, with the U.K. and U.K. markets experiencing negative GDP growth and U.S. retail sales weaker than expected in January. The dynamic nature of the operating environment has been incorporated into our GMV outlook as well as a 1 point boost to GMV growth from the extra leap year day. For the first quarter, we expect between $18.2 and $18.5 billion of GMV, representing an FX-neutral decline of 2% to flat year-over-year or spot GMV decline of 1% or flat. We expect to generate revenue between $2.5 billion and $2.54 billion in Q1, representing FX-neutral growth between flat and 2% and year-over-year. Our forecast implies revenue will outpace volume by over 2 points on an FX-neutral basis, while FX represents close to a 1 point headwind to spot revenue growth. We forecast Q1 non-GAAP operating margin between 29.6% and 30%, marking both a sequential and year-over-year improvement at the midpoint. We expect to generate non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.19 and $1.23 in the first quarter, representing EPS growth between 7% and 11% year-over-year. At current rates, FX would represent a 2-point headwind to year-over-year EPS growth in Q1. Now let me share some thoughts on the full year. Assuming no fundamental change in the macroeconomic environment this year, we expect our FX neutral GMV growth rate to turn positive in Q3 or Q4 of this year. We expect revenue to outpace GMV growth by about 2 points on an FX-neutral basis. We expect FX to represent close to a 1 point headwind to spot revenue growth. We anticipate our take rate expansion to be primarily driven by continued healthy growth in advertising revenue throughout 2024, although we do face elevated year-over-year comps starting in the second quarter, due to our acceleration in 2023, along with continued secular headwinds within our third-party ads. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to expand by 60 to 100 basis points for the full year. as we balance continued investments in tech, talent and marketing with organizational efficiencies, productivity gains and savings from our ongoing structural cost program. Our non-GAAP operating margin outlook includes a net benefit of approximately 40 basis points year-over-year, which is primarily driven by a change in accounting estimate associated to the extension of the useful life of data center equipment. Following an assessment of our servers and networking equipment in December, we determined it was appropriate to extend the accounting use for life from three years to four years. You can find more information on this policy change in our 10-K filing. Offsetting this benefit is an operating margin headwind of roughly 50 basis points year-over-year due to foreign exchange as we lapped sizable FX hedging gains in 2023. This is on top of the approximately 30 basis point year-over-year operating margin headwind we experienced in 2023 as we lap the more meaningful hedging gains in 2022. Our capital expenditures for 2024 are expected to be stable between 4% and 5% of revenue, while our non-GAAP tax rate should remain unchanged at 16.5%. We expect just under $2 billion of free cash flow in 2024, which contemplates headwinds of $99 million in restructuring charges and $234 million from repatriation tax payments. As a reminder, these repatriation tax payments will remain a temporary headwind to free cash flow through 2025, which is the final year of an 8-year repayment schedule. Details on these tax payments are in the appendix section of our earnings presentation. For Q1, we have raised our quarterly dividend by $0.02 to $0.27 per share to be paid out in March. And I'm pleased to announce that our Board recently increased our share purchase authorization by $2 billion, bringing our total remaining authorization to approximately $3.4 billion. We are targeting at least $2 billion of share repurchases for the year, though the pacing may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. We expect to end 2024 with cumulative repurchases and dividends representing approximately 130% of free cash flow since the beginning of 2022, above our original target of 125% for the period. Given our top line assumptions, margin outlook, and healthy capital return expectations, we forecast non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 8% to 10% year-over-year in 2024. In closing, I'm incredibly proud of our team's execution during 2023. Despite a very challenging macro environment, we saw underlying momentum in our business as GMV trends improved gradually through the year, and we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $4.24, of 3% for the full year. While we are planning our business around the assumption that the macro environment, will continue to be challenging, we remain incredibly confident in our strategy and our plan for 2024. Assuming no further degradation in the environment, we expect our investments in focus categories, local market and C2C initiatives, generative AI and other site-wide improvements to turn GMV growth positive in Q3 or Q4 of this year. Although we will continue to invest in our strategic pillars, we are committed to striking the right balance between expenses and revenue growth, and continuing to lead into cost efficiencies to drive 60 to 100 basis points of operating margin expansion in 2024. Our fortress balance sheet, enables us to increase our buybacks and dividends this year, leading to total capital return, to shareholders of approximately 130% of cumulative free cash flow, from 2022 to 2024. And I'm extremely pleased this financial plan allows us to target non-GAAP EPS growth, of between 8% to 10% year-over-year, demonstrating the earnings power of our business. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nikhil Devnani from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Nikhil Devnani: Hi, thank you both for taking the question. I wanted to ask about GMV growth. Could you provide a bit more context on the potential for positive GMV growth in Q3 or Q4? Is that anchored on the timing of certain product initiatives that, should accelerate your growth? Anything on your visibility into the back half would be helpful. And then I had a follow-up on margins as well. Your Q1 outlook is quite strong, close to 30%, but it looks like for the full year you're anticipating 28 to 28.5. So just wondering if that delta is due to seasonality, or some discretionary investments that, you see coming down the line, anything there would be helpful? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, thanks, Nikhil. I'll cover the GMV one and then I'll ask Steve to talk about margin. So, when we looked at the start of the year here, we talked about, January having some weather impact. You heard that from other folks as well and improvements kind of since then. You saw, January retail sales show the consumer is a bit stretched. But when we look at the overall plan that we have for the year, we feel really good about the strategy that we're executing on. When you look at focus categories, they continue to outperform the rest of the business. For FY '23, it was a 4% year-over-year growth, about seven points ahead of the business. We like what we saw in terms of the investments that we made in Germany and feel really good about the roadmap that we have in front of us, to drive growth in the business in Q3 or Q4, as Steve outlined. You know, I think importantly, when we look at the kind of underlying health of the business, right now we still have U.K. just in our technical recession, Germany commerce growth is still in negative territory. And so, we have those impacts from the market, but the underlying business and what's happening in the core, we feel really good about. And that's what makes us confident in being able to drive GMV growth as we outline there. Steve, do you want to talk about margin?
Steve Priest: Yes, indeed. Good afternoon, Nikhil. You're correct. Seasonally, Q1 has been our strongest quarter for operating margin for a while, because of the dynamics of that seasonality. A reminder, we have been driving that through a number of cost savings that we've been driving based on recent actions. And also the accounting policy change that we saw that we discussed in the prepared remarks. I am really pleased with the amount of diligence that we've gone through. The teams are leaning into cost efficiencies in the short-term while we continue to invest for the long-term sustainable growth of eBay. And we're pleased to be in a position to, based on no change in the overall macroeconomic environment, to drive between 60 and 100 basis points of margin improvement, which is continuing to fuel the earnings growth that, we laid out earlier in the call.
Nikhil Devnani: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird. Please go ahead.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks and good afternoon. Good to see the start of performance at the end of Q4. A lot of changes in e-commerce over the past couple of years. Obviously customer acquisition costs are going up a lot, and there's more competition in the market from global players. So I was hoping, Jamie, you could talk about maybe the evolution of e-commerce as you see it and the impact of some of those changes on eBay, and if that leads you to any modifications in sort of the focus category strategy. And maybe related to that with Gen AI, across the platform and the magical innovations. Is there any way to quantify the impact of some of those tests, if not from a volume or revenue - so maybe from listings velocity, or engagement levels with sellers and buyers, testing the tools that might be helpful? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so first let me talk about kind of the e-commerce piece. Specifically, we did customer acquisition costs. This is where eBay has a unique advantage. So first, the vast, vast majority of our traffic is organic. People coming to the eBay app or typing in ebay.com, which is a key benefit. The second is our ability to monetize users that we acquire across multiple categories, is a huge win for us. So, when you look at someone coming in into a single focus category, they end up shopping across categories on the site, usually more than they buy in other categories from that from that one initial acquisition. So our ability to kind of manage the CAC and the CLTV, is I think much different than others. And that's just based on the scale of what we have. I think our focus on non-new and seasoned, is very unique and our drive towards refurb, luxury, authentication, and the trust we put on the marketplace is a real differentiator for us. For example, we've seen the fourth straight quarter now of growth in our luxury business. Our refurbished business maintained double-digit growth all in a somewhat challenging macro environment. So that's unique. As we look at the generative AI, it's still early days. I can give you some of the early perspectives, but when I'm having a hard day, I go read the message boards about how consumers feel about these features that they're launching, because they just love it. They love the speed with, which it allows them to get more inventory on the site. And what we hear is, this is going to lock more of their things in their closet, and their garage, because we're speeding up the listing process. So today, it's already been used by millions of sellers, our first version of the magical listing process, and over 90% of customers actually take the content that we have and include it in their listing. It has a satisfaction score of 80, which is very high for a brand new release on the product, and continues to get better each day. And then, we've had our other products and employee beta, and now out to a single percentage point of our customers, things like the enhanced background that I talked about. And I've been around this business for 20 years. There is nothing that moves product, like better pictures on the marketplace. It's why we now have larger pictures on our desktop view item. But the quality now of being able to take a picture that you take on your rug or even on your unmade bed, and put it on a beautiful background and make the product look more appealing for sale, we're excited to be able to get features like that out. So, we'll continue to update you on the progress, but I can tell you that the anecdotal feedback is really good, the quantitative numbers, of what we're seeing is helpful, and the pace of innovation around AI is exciting.
Colin Sebastian: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Gawrelski from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Ken, your line is on mute.
Kenneth Gawrelski: Sorry about that. Sorry, my fault. I was on mute. Sorry about that. Could you - I was hoping maybe you could talk a little bit about  you've talked about - some of the weakness you've seen and continue to see in the macro side, especially in Europe. Could you talk about if there are certain cluster segments, or even categories that you're seeing better trends, or improving trends relative to those that might be still under pressure?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. What I would say is that, if you look at both U.K. and Germany, two of our largest markets, they're both experiencing a GDP decline. So U.K., which is our second largest market, entered a technical recession. If you look at the cost of living challenges that are happening over there, that's obviously been a challenge. And the German business has been in recession and is still experiencing negative e-commerce growth from that standpoint. But one of the unique values of eBay is that, we offer great values on the marketplace. So, I think the reason that our refurbished business, for example, is so strong, our luxury business is so strong, is that even in challenging times, people are looking for a value on the marketplace. And so, I would say I'd call out specific areas like that. Refurbished growing double-digits, I think, is a sign of the consumer looking for value. Also, the consumer was looking for a lot of value in December, and we really lean into that, across the globe. And that's been a big differentiator for us. And our parts and accessories business, continues to perform well. It grew mid-single digits for the fourth straight quarter, and consumers looking for a value in what we offer there. So, some puts and takes across categories, but those are the ones that, I think I would highlight, and what we see happening, especially over in Europe.
Kenneth Gawrelski: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Justin Post: Great, thank you. I guess I asked about buyers. You talk about your GMV getting back to growth. What will we see with buyers, and what are you seeing within the metrics as far as churn, or new activations that give you encouragement right now? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, our buyers are exactly where we expected them to be. When you think about our enthusiast buyers, which is what we really track and go after. We said that, we would see a stabilization, coming off of the COVID time period, and that's what we're exactly seeing. It was roughly flat quarter-over-quarter at $16 million. We've been driving, healthy buyer acquisition and buyer retention, especially in our focus categories. Our enthusiast buyers are spending over $3,000, which is essentially like membership level spends, when you think about it. So, our acquisition is healthier year-over-year. Our reactivation is healthier year-over-year, and our churn is down year-over-year. So, we're pleased with what we're seeing on the buyer side, and we're continuing to lead in with new advancements and capabilities for buyers. What I called out on the call is things like, we have over 100 million vehicles stored in my garage, and we're using now predictive maintenance, to say it's time to change, this element for your car. Here's the parts on eBay that fit it exactly. They're backed by guaranteed fit. So, we continue to build new tools for buyers, to activate them onto the site and drive retention, and that's been working very well.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. Jamie, I just wanted to follow-up on generative AI. Your comments were pretty interesting on, how your large language models from scratch are working better. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about that, some of the advantages that you're seeing. And then, as you're doubling GPUs through '24, maybe, Steve, can you talk a little bit about the impact there, just on the product development bucket and how we should think about that in context of the deleverage that we saw last year on that line? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Doug. One of the things I'm excited by is that, we've had this model of building in a hybrid environment, and having extremely large private cloud, which has allowed us to manage our cost infrastructure, even as we've grown to, now close to 2 billion listings on the marketplace. But more importantly, the benefit of being able to take our 30 years of really rich data of e-commerce and combine that in a hybrid sense, in some cases with open source LLMs. In some cases LLMs that we built, in another case with commercial LLMs, makes us able to do those, in a really efficient manner, without really massively impacting our cost structure, in any meaningful way. Also, having good latency in terms of getting it back, and also being able to fine tune the quality of the data of what's coming back from an inference has been important for us. So, we've used across the board all different models. We started, in some cases, with some commercial models and then moved those to open source, or internal models and as we've refined them and gotten better. And that's been working out really well for us. Like I said earlier to the question about magical listing, when we look at the scale and volume of the millions of listings that we get each day and what consumers are hitting us with. Making sure that we have, an incredible amount of quality in terms of what's happening with the AI and ease of use. And thus far, really positive feedback from it. The models are working well. And what's great is that the team iterates every single week, to make them better. Steve, maybe you just want to cover how we're managing the cost.
Steve Priest: Yes of course, Jamie. Hi Doug, good to speak to you. As Jamie said, we're really excited about the opportunity, to drive further efficiencies and improve productivity, across eBay through the AI technology. We're doubling our GPU capacity in the first quarter, which is going to give us a lot, of expanded capabilities, specifically regarding to costs. The costs associated with Gen AI, including our GPU racks, are contemplated in our full year CapEx guidance range, which we laid out. And it's pretty much in line with historical averages. All the OpEx costs are contemplated on our guide. I think it's fair to say, our size and scale at eBay, is a distinct advantage, when it comes to this sort of additional infrastructure investment.
Jamie Iannone: The last thing I'd say is that, that refers a lot to how we're using it with our consumers. I would say internally across the organization, we're also pushing very aggressively, to drive productivity in the organization. So whether that be all of our engineers now using copilot tools as they do development in our customer support centers, we've been using AI to really change the level of engagement we have with customers and the productivity. I call it the success of our employees there, where we summarize contacts from customers to make it easier, summarize initial responses, all the things that we can do, when you think about our scale of, over a million self-service queries a week, in a customer service perspective, AI is incredibly helpful there. So those are just two examples of how we're using it across the board, to drive productivity in the organization.
Doug Anmuth: Thank you both. Very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks for the question. So your U.S. business is stabilized at this point and is presumably set to return to growth sooner than the total. This is obviously happening in the face of U.S. e-commerce competition that has grown increasingly intense, with the introduction of low price Chinese competitors. Can you spend some time talking about, how your strategy of leading into enthusiasts and enthusiasts categories perhaps shields you, from this incremental competition. And any update holistically on maybe some of the vertical players, and some of your key focus categories, and how competition has evolved over the last year?
Jamie Iannone: Yes, specifically on the low price, and if you're referring to like the [T-Move] machine, we really haven't seen a significant impact from them on our business. We really have a differentiated strategy, with what we're doing with our focus categories and going after non-new in season, for the business. And years ago, we really moved away from the low ASP, low quality items on our marketplace. And that hasn't been a focus for us for many years now. So I think, that's the first key differentiation I'd call out. The second is that, obviously some of the competition is spending a lot of money from a marketing standpoint in the marketplace. But one of the great benefits of eBay, is just the vast amount of organic traffic we have. The vast, vast part of our traffic either comes directly to the app or types in eBay.com. So, we're less reliant on paid from that perspective. The last thing I'd say comes back to kind of the CAC, CLTV question, which is, we can have one of the most healthiest CACs out there in the marketplace, because of our ability to drive CLTV, really driving by the moves we've made to not be focused on active buyers, but really on acquiring enthusiast buyers, or quickly moving new buyers up to, become enthusiast buyers. And because of the cross category shopping nature of the business allows us to drive that CLTV higher for us. And then finally, the opportunity to turn them into sellers, or to have buyers who sell on the marketplace also helps with that overall equation. And those are really key differentiators for us at business and why we feel really well positioned on a go forward basis in the e-commerce landscape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Champion from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Thomas Champion: Hi good afternoon. Jamie, I'm wondering, if you could a little bit more about the C2C initiative in Germany, and maybe what's one or two key features that allowed you to, crack the code therein in that geography. I know it's been for a while. And then where do take this next, I mean presumably does it port to the U.K. How do you think about it, extending in other geographies? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, when you think about our focus category strategy of really kind of leaning in on this specific area, driving the CSAT to a whole double-digit level, we essentially apply that to a certain segment of our business in Germany to our C2C segment. And that's exactly what we're seeing, Tom is, greater than 20 point improvement in NPS in that business, which is really great for us. It's an important business. And what we really focused on was designing around the needs of the buyer. So that's searching SEO improvements, specifically around language needs in that market. The second was, really a focus on local and things like map based browsing in that market. Given the geography of it, we have more of that type of business in Germany than we do, for example, in our U.S. business and leaning into it. And the third is doing pricing adjustments for our C2C business there, really leaning in to being able to drive buyers, who sell and bring more C2C inventory on the marketplace. And that's been working well for us. We've seen double-digit increases in buyers who sell on the platform and a really kind of healthy business there in terms of first gen listings, that type of thing. So, with everything that we do, we look at, what's successful, what do we take to other markets, and we'll continue to do that and look at that on a go forward basis. But overall, we feel really good about the metrics that we're seeing in Germany, and the health of the business and the strong numbers we're putting up despite negative e-commerce growth in that marketplace.
Thomas Champion: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Morton from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Morton: Hi. Thank you for the question. Two, if I could. Just following up on the opportunities around AI, there's a view in the market that it allows you to run more sophisticated campaigns when you have large SKU offerings for big e-commerce platforms. So wondering, if you're seeing a benefit of that now, or if it's something that's always been a part of your business. And then we haven't seen the filing yet, but for the prior quarters, a lot of strength appears coming from China-based sellers. So just wondering about moving parts there, and the sustainability of that in 2024? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, look, the expansiveness of our marketplace, is what allows us to really go after launching compelling Gen AI features. So specifically in parts and accessories, for example, we use AI to expand the fitment capabilities of finding what vehicles a part will fit. But now we're using it for things like predictive maintenance and things like that. The vast majority of categories are really relevant for these horizontal innovations, things like magical listings, things like backgrounds, enhancers, et cetera. So search uses AI, advertising uses AI. So across the board, we're using it in very compelling places. We use it in our marketing to do much more personalized marketing, things like subject lines that can be really tailored based on what's happening on the business. When I think about our CBT business, it remains very strong on the marketplace. So, we've built more and more features to make CBT easier for both buyers and sellers. I'd call out the work that we did in payments on buyer and seller FX, really making that seamless. We've talked over the last two quarters about eBay international shipping with the concept of really opening up the 190 different geographies that we have around the world, to our sellers from that perspective. And so, it will continue to be a focus, will continue to make it easier and easier for buyers and sellers, to interact across borders and drive that strategy forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexandra Steiger from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexandra Steiger: Great, thank you for squeezing me in. I do want to follow-up on some of your macro comments. So how should we think about GMV, or revenue per buyer in that context? To what extent do you see customers trading down in certain markets? Or is it more of a function of buyers making less purchases over a given period of time? And if that's the case, what are kind of like the key initiatives you're working on, to drive purchase frequency on the platform? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so, when you look at it overall, when you talk about something like the U.K. or Germany, where the consumer is more stretched in cost of living challenges, et cetera. We tend to lean into the deals and values on the marketplace. So refurbished, used. And so it's not really impacting as much their overall business with us, more so in terms of the categories and where they're buying. So, I'd probably say like refurbished is a good example. Refurbished growth is up double-digits. We've talked in the past that, macro has pressured the, spend and move some of the enthusiast buyers, to mid-value buyers. That's a little bit why, we see the enthusiast number flat quarter-on-quarter. But we're pleased with that stability in this environment, because it means, the eBay value proposition is really resonating for those customers. In terms of driving frequency, it's one way where we're looking at things like all the programs that we have, whether that's safe seller, or stores, or the marketing that we put out to our customers. We're now able to use generative AI, to make that experience so much richer. The combination of our internal LLMs, and the data that we have about what's been happening over the 30 plus years. Combined with the ability to really build compelling marketing, to those customers, is coming to a whole new level. And Alexandra, I think we're just at the early stages of what's possible there. And what's exciting at eBay is the canvas that, we have to work with. When you think about, the number of consumers that have transacted with a given seller on the platform and have saved that seller. When you think about 100 million vehicles being in my garage, when you think about, the sizing data that we have for people for apparel, it gives us the unique ability to drive a lot of frequency on the platform.
John Egbert: Operator, can we do one last question, please?
Operator: We have no further questions in our queue at this time. And with that, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Barvesh and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the eBay Q3 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now hand the call over to Mr. John Egbert, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
John Egbert : Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us for eBay's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer, and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary during the call, which is available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'll remind you that during this conference call we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect organic FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, and all earnings per share amounts reflect earnings per diluted share unless indicated otherwise. During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risk and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could affect our operating results and our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of November 7, 2023. We do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. Our teams delivered solid results during the third quarter. We generated gross merchandise volume of approximately $18 billion, while revenue grew 4% to $2.5 billion. We delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.03, up 3%, while returning over $780 million of capital to shareholders. We achieved these results despite continued challenges in the global macro environment. Inflationary pressures and rising interest rates continue to weigh on consumer confidence and pressured demand for discretionary goods. As Steve will discuss in greater detail, we've observed softening consumer trends to date in Q4, and particular challenges in Europe, suggesting we may see a more muted seasonal uptick over the holidays. We are focused on controlling what we can control, being prudent about our costs, leaning into operational efficiencies, and continuing to drive innovation for our customers. Last quarter, I discussed our vision of reinventing the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts, which is focused on three strategic pillars; Relevant Experiences, Scalable Solutions, and Magical Innovation. And I'm pleased that we made meaningful progress against each of these pillars during Q3, which I'll discuss in greater detail. I'll start with our first pillar, relevant experiences. Our relevance in focus categories continues to drive underlying growth in our business, and we've observed a meaningful improvement in our growth relative to the market in every category we've invested to date. Focus categories grew roughly seven points faster than the remainder of our marketplace in Q3. Year-to-date, our focus categories have grown at approximately 4% year-over-year. For context, we estimate market rates of growth in those same categories were in the low single digits on average during the first half of 2023, as several of these categories are comprised of highly discretionary goods, which have been more acutely impacted by the challenging macro environment. We continue to push the envelope of innovation in motors, parts and accessories, or P&A, by developing features that enhance our customer value proposition. These investments have fueled mid-single digit GMV growth for P&A for three consecutive quarters, which is in line with industry growth for this segment of e-commerce in our largest markets. The eBay Guaranteed Fit program has contributed to this momentum by delivering a game changing level of trust. This program enables tens of millions of P&A shoppers to buy with confidence, knowing their auto parts will fit or they'll receive their money back, which has yielded a measurable uplift in conversion. Additionally, we have not observed a material impact on product returns, as our fitment checks have reduced the likelihood of buyers receiving a part that does not fit their vehicle. Given the success this program has had in the U.S., we were incredibly excited to roll out similar programs in the UK and Germany during Q3, where our unaided awareness among P&A shoppers is significantly higher than it is in the U.S. The Guaranteed Fit program is underpinned by multiple years of investment in P&A technology, including our acquisition of myFitment. We have been steadily onboarding sellers into the myFitment toolkit, to enhance their P&A listings with more robust fitment data, which improves findability for parts and protects buyers from unnecessary returns. By the end of Q3, roughly two-thirds of large U.S. P&A sellers have adopted the toolkit. On average, sellers are observing conversion uplift of double digits or higher for listings enhanced by this toolkit, driving incremental GMV for eBay. In early October, we reached a major milestone with 2 billion pieces of fitment data added to live listings using myFitment's technology. While this is outstanding progress, we continue to invest in simplifying the onboarding process, making it faster to import listings, and identifying more vehicle matches for our more than 550 million live P&A listings. During Q3, we continued to deliver relevant experiences for the collectibles category across a number of areas. We generated over $10 billion in GMV from collectibles over the last 12 months, and more than one in four eBay buyers purchased at least one collectibles item over the past year. These buyers carry some of the highest conversion, repurchase, and retention rates on eBay. And they are also among the heaviest cross-category shoppers on our platform, which supports our other categories. Our goal is to remain the world's most loved destination for passionate collectibles enthusiasts, providing access to the most compelling assortment of inventory across multiple categories in a high-trust environment. In service of that vision, during Q3 we launched direct submissions to the eBay vault. This enables any U.S. resident to send in trading cards valued at $250 or higher from their personal collections to the vault, even if they were not purchased on eBay. In July, to coincide with the National Sports Collectors Convention, the industry's biggest event, we announced Vault Enhanced Submission, which now enables us to gather large amounts of high ASP cards in person at tent pole events attended by top collectors. During one weekend at the National Loan [ph], we added tens of millions of dollars of assets under management to the eBay vault, including a signed Jackie Robinson card valued at approximately $1 million. During Q3, we also wrote out a revamped condition grading system for trading cards, which greatly improves transparency for collectibles in this category. New listings now carry more precise details, including whether a card has been professionally graded and the numerical grade, or one of several predefined card conditions. Existing listings will be also migrated to the new standard over the coming months. Sellers have been asking us for this feature for some time, and we believe it will drive improved trust for buyers, better and more consistent price realization for sellers, as well as more robust data and insights around individual card values for eBay. In response to our growing community of collectors and enthusiasts, last year we introduced eBay Live, an interactive live shopping experience within the eBay app. This feature marries eBay's unique scale with an engaging shopping experience that we believe enthusiasts across the collectibles, luxury and fashion categories are increasingly seeking. Buyers can interact with influential sellers and check out in real time without leaving the stream. And sellers have loved this tool as they can move items at scale and increase their sales velocity, while listing items as fixed price or as extended auctions. eBay Live is currently in beta, but we continue to expand its availability to more sellers and categories. While we've been thoughtful about the pace of onboarding as we fine-tune the beta experience, Q3 marked an inflection point as we hosted over 1,000 live events, saw our millionth buyer tune in, and grew GMV from eBay Live by 4x quarter-over-quarter. Now, let me turn to the second pillar of our evolve strategy, Scalable Solutions. We're pleased with the progress we're making with our eBay International Shipping Program or EIS, which makes cross-border trade more seamless and cost-effective for sellers and buyers. We continue to scale EIS during Q3 and now have over 400 million live listings from U.S. sellers shippable to international buyers in more than 190 countries. Sellers have had an overwhelmingly positive reaction to the new program, with customer satisfaction rates approximately 30 points higher than the previous global shipping program it replaced. In October, we launched Combined Shipping for EIS, which allows buyers to order multiple items from an international seller and pay one consolidated shipping fee. Q3 also marked another strong quarter for our advertising business. Total advertising revenue grew 24% to $366 million. First-party ads grew 36% to $345 million or 36 points faster than FX-neutral GMV growth. Over 2.3 million sellers adopted a single ad product during Q3, and we currently have over 850 million live promoted listings. Promoted Listing Standard, our cost per acquisition ad unit, was once again the largest contributor to growth in Q3, driven by continued optimization of placements, ad rate improvements, and the recurring benefit of the halo attribution change we discussed last quarter. Promoted Listings Advanced, our cost-per-click product, was the fastest growing product in our ads portfolio on a year-over-year basis. PL Advanced continues to benefit from the simplifying and automating of core elements of the campaign setup and management processes. In September, we launched Smart Targeting for PL Advanced, which makes creating and managing CPC campaigns easier than ever. Previously, these campaigns took a lot of time to set up and manage, as sellers had to manually select keywords and manage campaigns individually. Now, through Smart Targeting, eBay uses AI to manage keywords on behalf of sellers and optimize campaigns dynamically, all with just a few clicks to set up. As part of the Smart Targeting launch, we've also extended CPC ads to the Similar Items Recommendations module when users are viewing another item, using fully automated targeting and bidding technology. Moving to our third pillar, Magical Innovations. Last quarter, we discussed our Magical Listing experience, which represents the biggest transformation of the eBay listing process in our 28-year history. For over two decades, two of our biggest focuses were at odds with each other, making it as simple and fast as possible to list an item and ensuring listings are rich and comprehensive to maximize sales. Now Generative AI allows us to leverage our treasure trove of images and listing data to quickly create compelling listings. Early users have told us these capabilities will unlock more of the inventory in their closets and garages, which could ultimately keep more products out of landfills. The first phase of our magical listing experience leverages Generative AI to instantly populate the item description within the listing flow based on a product's title, category and other aspects. This feature rolled out to 100% of mobile app users in the U.S., UK, and Germany during Q3. In October, we extended the Generative AI descriptions to 50% of desktop users in these countries. The first phase of the magical listing experience has been incredibly well received by sellers as usage, adoption, customer satisfaction, and content acceptance rates have all been higher than expected. As much as sellers have enjoyed the first phase of Magical Listing, we believe the next iteration will be so simple and easy to use that all of our sellers will love it. This experience will enable sellers to point their camera at an item, take a photo, and eBay does the rest. Behind the scenes, we have powered this experience with our proprietary computer vision technology and Generative AI to seamlessly populate the description, category, and any other item aspects. Our camera-based magical listing experience has been in employee beta for several months and is currently in a limited beta with a number of large sellers. Feedback from our beta sellers has been extremely positive, as they found the new experience intuitive and easier to use. We are incredibly excited to bring this experience to more sellers over the coming months. As part of our magical listing initiative, we also rolled out a vastly improved background removal tool powered by AI during Q3. Sellers have told us that simpler, cleaner images of their products have a significant impact on conversion. Our enhanced tool has now rolled out to all users in the core listing flow, and sellers have told us they are already noticing significant quality and performance improvements from the revamped tool versus our prior version. Overall, I'm incredibly pleased by the progress we are making across all three pillars of our strategy. It is particularly encouraging to see how recent advancements in AI and machine learning can help us address more long-standing pain points for sellers and buyers on eBay in efficient and scalable ways. Next, I'd like to highlight the impact we're having on the communities we serve. In Q3 we released our Second Annual Small Business Report, which examines the sentiment of our global sellers. Despite macroeconomic uncertainty, eBay sellers are confident they can build their businesses and give back to their communities. In fact, more than half of eBay sellers expect their overall business to grow in the next 12 months, and over two-thirds expect their businesses on eBay to increase over the next five years. We also recently announced the winners of our Up & Running Grants. This program is currently in its fourth year and provides entrepreneurs with capital to invest in their businesses, along with training and mentorship to help them grow and thrive. The third quarter also marked the 20th anniversary of eBay for Charity, a program created as a way for people to give back during times of crisis. It has evolved to a global platform supporting countless organizations and causes, and raised more than $1.3 billion for nonprofits to date. In Q3 alone, the eBay community raised $40 million, up 16% year-over-year. All of these efforts demonstrate our purpose-driven community, and we are honored to be recognized for our progress. We're proud to be ranked on the U.S. News & World Report's inaugural list of best companies to work for. eBay was also recognized as a top corporate philanthropist by the Silicon Valley Business Journal and San Francisco Business Times. In closing, I'd like to thank our extraordinary eBay team for delivering another solid quarter and continuing to innovate for our customers. We made significant progress against our long-term objectives during Q3. Our accelerating pace of innovation is fundamentally changing the eBay experience, driving higher customer satisfaction, and paving the way for new growth and revenue opportunities. As the macro environment remains uncertain, we'll be balanced in how we invest in the future, prioritizing our highest ROI investments in order to generate long-term shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Steve Priest : Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with highlights from the third quarter on slide 11 of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll discuss our key financial and operating metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our outlook for the fourth quarter and some closing thoughts before we begin Q&A. As usual, my comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons on an organic, effect-neutral basis unless I note otherwise. Q3 was another solid quarter for eBay as we met or exceeded expectations across all of our key financial metrics despite ongoing uncertainty in the global economy. Gross merchandise volume was down 1% to approximately $18 billion. Revenue grew 4% to $2.5 billion, outpacing volume by five points. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.4%. We delivered $1.03 of non-GAAP earnings per share, and we generated $777 million of free cash flow, while returning $783 million to shareholders through repurchasing dividends. Let's take a closer look at our financial performance during the third quarter. Gross merchandise volume was down 1% organically to approximately $18 billion, or roughly flat year-over-year on a total FX neutral basis. Foreign exchange represented a nearly two-point tailwind to reported GMV growth. However, the U.S. dollar appreciation during the quarter created a GMV headwind of more than $100 million versus rates implied in our Q3 outlook. Focus categories continue to drive underlying momentum in our business, growing roughly seven points faster than the remainder of our marketplace. P&A was once again the largest contributor to growth and maintained mid-single-digit GMV growth for the third straight quarter, in line with market rates of growth for this segment of e-commerce. eBay Refurbished was the fastest-growing focus category on a percentage basis, while GMV growth in our Luxury focus categories was positive for the third straight quarter, as our combination of value and quality has served customers well in the current economic environment. Next, I'll walk through our results on a geographic basis. U.S. GMV was down 2% organically in Q3, an improvement of over two points sequentially. On a total FX neutral basis, U.S. GMV was down 1%. Although the U.S. economy has been more resilient than our other markets, demand for discretionary goods continues to be impacted by the cumulative burden of elevated inflation and the highest interest rates observed in over a decade. U.S. consumers are increasingly seeking value, which has shifted some demand to inventory offered by our CBT sellers. International GMV was roughly flat on an FX neutral basis, and at nearly 4% as reported. Our international markets continue to experience more severe macroeconomic pressure than the U.S., with the UK seeing consistently negative e-commerce growth since early 2022, while Germany has now faced multiple quarters of economic contraction. This pressure has been mitigated by continued strength in cross-border trade, which offset far weaker trends in Europe. Moving to buyers, trading 12-month active buyers was stable quarter-over-quarter at $132 million. On an organic basis, active buyers remained at approximately $131 million for the third straight quarter. Enthusiast buyers were also flat sequentially at $16 million. Spend per enthusiast was stable quarter-over-quarter at around $3,000 annually, but modestly year-over-year. Turning to revenue, we generated revenue of $2.5 billion during the third quarter, at 4% organically, outpacing volume by five points. Total FX neutral revenue growth, inclusive of M&A was 5%, while currency had a de-minimis impact to reported growth. Our take rate was 13.9%, down modestly quarter-over-quarter, but up nearly 50 basis points year-over-year. The combination of FX and the ads revenue recognition change in Q2 represented a sequential take rate headwind of over 10 basis points in Q3. Advertising was again the largest tailwind to our take rate on a year-over-year basis, and also quarter-over-quarter after adjusting for the Q2 accounting change. eBay International Shipping and recent M&A in aggregate added five basis points to our take rate sequentially. Total advertising revenue grew 24% to $366 million and reached just over 2% penetration of GMV. First party ads grew 36% to $345 million or roughly 36 points faster than FX mutual volume. As noted last quarter, the revenue deferral release for CPC ads in Q2 created a sequential headwind of $9 million to first party ad revenue growth in Q3. While we are pleased with the continued robust growth in promoted listings, year-over-year growth decelerated slightly as we lacked a notable acceleration during the prior year period, which was driven by a series of performance optimizations. Our legacy third party display ads, which have been impacted by a combination of secular and macro headwinds in recent quarters, decelerated further during Q3. In recent months, we have actively deprecated third party ads in certain circumstances to improve the user experience. Third party ads remain our primary focus as we continue to invest in scaling, optimizing and automating our promoted listings portfolio. Financial services had a modestly positive impact on our take rate sequentially. As our in-house payments capabilities have advanced in recent quarters, we have identified more opportunities for GMV, revenue and cost optimization. Adyen continues to be an incredibly strategic partner for us in financial services. During Q3, we expanded our usage of Adyens Merchant Acquiring Services to cover additional forms of payments. This development has positive implications for our Adyen Warrant probability, which I will discuss shortly. Moving to profitability, non-GAAP operating margin was 26.4% during the quarter, down roughly 2.5 points year-over-year. Roughly 1.1 points of this delta was driven by the combination of recent M&A and the eBay International Shipping Program. Foreign Exchange also represents the year-over-year headwind of approximately 40 basis points. The remainder of the margin variance was driven by investments in our business and modest volume de-leverage. Gross margin was down nearly 90 basis points year-over-year, primarily from the ramp of eBay International Shipping. Within our operating expenses, we observed a 1 point increase in product development expense as we invested in product and engineering talent to drive innovation across eBay. Sales and marketing was down modestly as a percentage of revenue year-over-year in Q3, as our investments in full-frontal marketing initiatives were offset by cost efficiencies, including lower spend on coupons and incentives. During the quarter, we also accrued an additional $50 million to G&A expense on a GAAP basis related to pending legal matters. This adjustment is reflected in our non-GAAP reconciliation, while additional details on the accrual will be provided in our 10-Q filing. We continue to focus on driving expenses out of the business, which is a crucial part of our path to long-term sustainable growth. And where we do choose to invest, we are able to partially offset that with OpEx savings given by our structural cost program. Turning to our balance sheet and capital allocation, we generated free cash flow of $777 million in Q3, up 23%. Our balance sheet position remains robust, as we ended the quarter with cash and non-equity investments of $5.4 billion and gross debt of $7.7 billion. We repurchased over $650 million of eBay shares at an average price of approximately $44 during Q3, and had $1.7 billion remaining under our current buyback authorization at the quarter end. We paid a quarterly cash dividend of $132 million in September or $0.25 per share. Since the beginning of 2022, we have returned nearly $5.2 billion to shareholders through repurchasing dividends or roughly 125% of cumulative free cash flow over that period. We generated non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.03 in Q3, up 3% year-over-year, benefiting from a nearly 4% reduction in share count from our repurchase. We delivered GAAP earnings per share of $2.46, with a delta driven by unrealized gains on our equity investment portfolio, primarily from Adevinta. Our investment portfolio is detailed on slide 21 of our earnings presentation. Our major equity investments and warrants were valued over $4.5 billion at the end of Q3. Our $404 million Adevinta shares were valued at roughly $4 billion, at more than $1 billion versus the prior quarter. As we disclosed in late September, we have expressed support for the proposal made by the Consortium of Investors to Adevinta, under which we would retain a portion of our current holdings. As these discussions are ongoing, we are not in a position to provide any further comments on this transaction or the implications of such a transaction to eBay today. Our Adyen [ph] warrants were valued at nearly $200 million at the end of the quarter. As a reminder, our warrant value was calculated based on several assumptions, including Adyen share price and the probability of our remaining warrant tranches vesting. During Q3, the probability of vesting was positively impacted by an evolution in our usage of Adyens products and services. The three remaining warrant tranches now carry probabilities ranging between 0% and 95%. However, the increasing probability was more than offset by a price decline in Adyen shares during the third quarter. Moving on to our outlook, although our third quarter volume trends were slightly better than expected, we did observe softening consumer demand in September that carried through October. This macro softness was most pronounced in Europe, particularly in the UK and Germany, our second and third largest markets, respectively. We have also seen tapering demand in the U.S. market quarter to-date. Given these trends, our base case expectation is that continued pressure on discretionary demand will lead to a relatively muted seasonal uptick in volumes during the holiday season. For the fourth quarter, we expect to generate between $17.9 and $18.3 billion of GMV, representing an organic FX neutral decline of between 4% and 2% year-over-year, or spot growth between negative 2% and flat. The strengthening U.S. dollar also creates an incremental FX headwind to fourth quarter GMV of roughly $400 million versus our prior guidance on a spot basis. This is on top of more than $100 million FX headwind to Q3 GMV. On a sequential basis, we estimate FX will represent over a one-point headwind to GMV growth and nearly one point of pressure to revenue growth. We anticipate Q4 revenue between $2.47 and $2.53 billion represents organic FX neutral growth between negative 1% and positive 2% year-over-year. This implies revenue will outpace volume by three to four points on an organic FX neutral basis in Q4. As a reminder, our core take rate is typically down sequentially by 10 to 15 basis points in Q4 due to seasonal ASP and category mix, although this trend has occasionally been masked by payments and ads growth in the recent past. Given our tempered outlook for Q4 volume and continued uncertainty in the global economy, we believe it is prudent to lean in more heavily into cost efficiencies to protect margins and earnings in this environment. We forecast non-GAAP operating margins between 26.1% and 26.7% during Q4, which would yield margins near the high end of our prior guidance range for the full year. We forecast non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.00 and $1.05, representing EPS growth between negative 6% and negative 2% year-over-year. At current rate, FX would represent a four-point headwind to year-over-year EPS growth in Q4, as we lack meaningful hedging gains in the prior year period. Our outlook for free cash flow of just under $2 billion this year remains unchanged. As I noted last quarter, we expect the minimum free cash flow in Q4 due to the delayed timing of cash tax payments in 2023. Our capital expenditures for the full year are expected between 4% and 5%, while our non-GAAP tax rate should remain unchanged at 16.5%. In relation to 2024, it is premature to offer specific commentary as we are in the midst of our planning process. We remain committed to finding an appropriate balance between growth and profitability to ensure we are positioned for durable financial returns in the years ahead. As such, we plan to grow expenses more slowly than revenue next year as we scale and leverage the investments we've made over the last few years. We will remain good stewards of capital as we continue to target returning 125% of cumulative free cash flow to shareholders through repurchases and dividends through 2024. We will target a certain level of capital returns from quarter-to-quarter, while maintaining the flexibility to lean in opportunistically when appropriate. In closing, our Q3 results highlight the resilience of our marketplace and business model amid continued challenges in the global economy. Our fortress balance sheet and operational discipline have enabled us to adapt to rapidly evolving demand environments, while continuing to invest for the future, protecting earnings and delivering meaningful capital returns to shareholders. I'm extremely proud of our team, for staying focused on our strategic pillars amid this uncertainty and further laying the groundwork for long-term sustainable growth. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Colin Sebastian : Thanks. Good afternoon. I appreciate the questions. I guess first off, Jamie, there was some discussion at the Cellware conference a few weeks back about extending focus categories to more verticals. I think home and electronics were a couple of those in discussion. I wonder how quickly we should see focus coverage grow in proportion to total listings. And if that's true, is that something that could drive volume growth through 2024? And then Steve, I just wanted to go back to some of the macro factors you reviewed, and you mentioned I think your shift towards CBT. And just hoping you could discuss some of the implications of that shift on revenues and margins. Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah Colin, thanks for the question. So as you know with focus categories, we don't pre-announce the next categories that we're going into for competitive reasons, etcetera. We do continue to roll out new areas, as well as invest back into areas of the business. So, have a look at this quarter. We launched UK authentication for jewelry in our UK business. We're actually opening up an authentication center in Japan to allow for cross-border trade out of Japan, which is great. We launched or expanded in P&A, our guaranteed fit program. So that had launched just in the U.S. We've seen great results by creating a game-changing level of trust in that category, and we've expanded that now to UK and Germany this quarter and we're excited to see the impact of that on those markets. Our other categories like refurbished continue to do well. We've seen double-digit growth from that perspective. We launched some new enhancements in trading cards this quarter with the new classification system that we've put in place and new direct submission in the Vault. So we're going to continue to balance new focus category opportunities, expansion to other categories like we did with jewelry in the UK, and like we did recently with Streetwear, as well as investing back into focus categories and what's working, because we like the ROI of those investments. Steve, do you want to take the second part?
Steve Priest: Yeah, definitely. Hey, good afternoon, Colin. So in terms of the negative one organic FX and growth that we saw from a GMV standpoint, there's a number of macro impacts that we're looking at. So the first thing I'd say, in September we observed some softening in consumer demand, which has carried through to October, and that helped imply the guide that we went forward with. This has been most pronounced in Europe. A couple of our biggest markets, UK is the second largest market and has continued to experience negative e-commerce growth since early 2022. Germany, our third largest market has now faced multiple quarter of economic contraction. And the U.S., as I said, we're starting to see some softness and we would expect the holidays period to be a little bit more muted. So when I look back on the third quarter and the dynamics that were at play, U.S. GMV declined 2% on an FX organic basis and international was roughly flat. The European softness has been helped by some of the CBT trade that we've seen that has been resilient. Think about consumers looking for value and the cross-border trade coming out of the Far East has been more resilient, and as a reminder for our investor community, the GMV is measured where the seller is domiciled. And so you've got softness in Europe, we're lapping through some of that dynamic, but the strength in CBT has sort of helped the international dynamic in Q3.
Colin Sebastian : Great. Thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Ross Sandler : Hey. Steve, just to follow-up on that macro comment. As you guys look across different discretionary categories and price points. Do you think it's just mostly like the macro conditions you described with the consumer weakening around GDP, etc. or are any of these new competitors like Temu and Shein having an impact at the low end as some of your peers have flagged? And then the second question is pleasantly surprised and happy to hear about the operating margin increase next year. So can you just flush that out a little bit for us, is that a function of lapping some of the international shipping investments and kind of discrete R&D investments? What other factors might drive that op margin increase next year? Thank you.
Steve Priest: Thanks, Ross. I'll kick off the macro one and then Jamie can add, and then I'll cover the margin question. So from a macro basis, just to reiterate, we did see at a macro level, softening in September. Seeing that continue through October, we describe Europe as being softer from an overall perspective based on the macro data that we all see. The U.S., we have continued to see some softness across the board, and it's really a function of discretionary spend. As consumers sentiment is down, inflation is up and obviously the impacts of interest rates. Jamie, maybe Ross's question?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. No, I don't think it's in particular any specific other competitive thing. Like your question on Temu, weve not seen a significant impact from Temu or Shein on our business. When we look at our cross-border trade as Steve talked about, it continues to remain healthy. We believe that's because of our differentiated strategy and our approach. If you remember, we've been talking about this for a while. We've been strategically moving away from low quality, low ASP items, and that hasn't been a focus for us for years. I think the other big difference for our platform, Ross, is that were  a vast, vast majority of our traffic is organic. So I think as others are implicated by kind of the paid search or other marketing spend out there in the market, we're less so and more resilient, just because so much of our traffic is driven organically on the platform.
Steve Priest: And then with regards to your question, Ross, on 24, obviously there'll be a number of puts and takes that will impact 24. We're in the middle of planning at the moment. The thing I would say is, we will continue to be very disciplined and get the balance right between growth and profitability. We've been making various investments over the last few years, which we will continue to leverage and scale as we get into sort of 2024. We are looking at every area of our cost structure. Obviously, in terms of external spending with suppliers, we've been very measured in terms of our approach to the structural cost program this year. With the influx of AI, that will really help us sort of lean in to support the operation next year and use the benefits of that as we go forward. And we can control our cost structure. I mean, we are operating in a rather dynamic macro environment and so we will lean in as we said, and make sure that our costs grow more slowly than revenue in 2024.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nikhil Devnani from Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Nikhil Devnani : Hey guys, thank you for taking the question. I had a couple, please. Just following-up on that operating leverage theme, as you think about prioritizing kind of the highest ROI investments next year, what initiatives are really making that top of that list? And which ones are you maybe more willing to push out a little bit if times get tougher? And then on the focus categories, it's kind of nice to hear the market share stability. When you observe what's changed pre and post your improvements, is this a function of conversion rates functionally improving or are you also now able to kind of drive better traffic to those focus categories?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So first on the initiatives, we're still obviously in planning for next year. But I'd say a couple of things. As Steve talked about the cost structure, one of the things we're looking at is how do we leverage AI and technologies so that our costs don't grow as our volume grows? So I'll give you an example of, one of the areas we've been investing a lot in is our customer support. And so if you look at like our GCX expenses, our customer support expenses, we've been rolling out conversational help bots over the course of the last few quarters, really advancing what we're doing there so that we can, focus a lot of our efforts into handling more calls and greater volume with higher customer satisfaction. As an example, we just launched that as a trial in Germany. We've had that live in some of our English markets. An example of some of the initiatives that we're going to do next year to manage the business and make sure that as Steve said, we're going after the growth opportunities in the business, while being prudent about our expense structure. When you think about focus categories and what's driving the success there, I would say it's a couple of things. One is that, if I look at like for P&A, for example, this is our third quarter of seeing mid-single digit growth, which is in-line with markets. And we're just now launching Guaranteed Fit, which is one of the big value propositions for us in that category, to our markets, our second and third largest markets in UK and Germany, where we do have a leading marketing position from that standpoint. And what we're seeing is that, the new work that we've been doing in Fitment, for example, has really been helpful. I talked about 2 billion new Fitment combinations based on my Fitment, and then our sellers are seeing double digit increases in their conversion. So to your point I think, we're doing a better job with our full funnel marketing in each category, acquiring enthusiasts into those categories. And then when we bring them on, we're having a better experience for them in converting them into sales and converting them into repeat buyers, because of the changes we've made in trust, because of the changes we've made in the experience. I mean, think about like our luxury category. This is the third quarter where we're seeing positive growth in luxury, even in this market, and you're seeing kind of what's happening and what others are saying. And it's because of the customer value proposition that we're bringing to these categories that we're seeing those results. So we're going to continue to innovate and push forward on that strategy, because we like the results that we're seeing and the consumers responding. And then we're enhancing the focus category work with a lot of site-wide investments. And those site-wide investments not only help us in focus categories, but they help us in our other core categories in the business. So I'd use the example of magical listing. It certainly helps sell a sneaker faster or a training card or a watch or a handbag, but it also helps sell a musical instrument faster or a board game or a book or all the things that people sell on eBay, because we're taking so much time out of the listing process that we're looking to unlock more of what's in people's closets, garages and basements with this technology. And we think that those investments will help both focus categories and our other core categories on the business.
Nikhil Devnani : Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Champion from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead with your question.
Thomas Champion : Hi, good afternoon. Jamie or Steve, I'm wondering if you could just talk a little bit about EIS and how that is performing relative to your expectations around transactions or inventory and how the cost drag is performing and whether you're making progress there. And then maybe Steve, specifically for you, notice the buyback uptick this quarter. Can you just walk us through the thought process behind that? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah, thanks, Thomas. So look, on EIS, we love the success we're seeing in the program. It's making cross-border trade much easier on the program. eBay handles everything for the seller, the customs, the duty forms with buyers. We intermediate the returns, and we protect sellers from item not received complaints. So we continue to ramp the program over time. Half of our big three inventory is not available to be shipped internationally, so we're excited about the goal of this program, which is basically make it super easy for sellers, so they don't have to think, and we handle all of that cross-border trade for them. We continue to scale it during Q3. We now have over 400 million live listings. We launched some new features with the program, for example, the ability to combine shipping. So for example, I was with a seller or a buyer, a collectible buyer in Japan of trading cards, whose buying trading cards out of the U.S. Now he can buy multiple trading cards. We can combine them in a single shipping invoice, just making the whole EIS program a lot better. The last thing I'd say is that, when I look at the program overall for sellers, it has a 30-point higher customer satisfaction than the previous program that we've had. So all of the work that we did to bring things in-house last year, Steve talked about the financial implications, we're seeing that in CSAT and sellers, and we're seeing them react in terms of what's available internationally. Steve, do you want to handle the second part?
Steve Priest: Yeah, and just to say, Tom, with regard to EIS, we're really pleased with the momentum, largely in line with our expectations from a financial architecture standpoint. As we said, we expect this program to be committed to operating profit for this year, and by the year end, it will be in line with core margins on the platform. So, pleased with what we're seeing. Specifically, with regard to your question on capital returns, the duty of the eBay franchise, where we're generating just under $2 billion of free cash flow a year, gives us the ability to invest in the business, but continue to drive healthy returns to shareholders. We laid out a path to 125% of free cash flow to shareholders who stock buybacks and dividends, cumulatively between 2022 and 2024. Since the beginning of 2022, we've returned nearly $5.2 billion to shareholders, and we're roughly at 125%, so we're right on track with the commitments that we made.
Thomas Champion : Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks so much. Two, if I could. So, the macro environment is obviously a massive challenge for the business at the moment, but as we look out to next year, can you maybe help us better understand what leverage do you think you have at your disposal to perhaps get volumes back to even modest growth if the macro environment proves to be persistently weak in the medium term? And then, just to contextualize some of the comments around slower cost growth into next year relative to revenue, I think investors will be pleased to hear it, but is this a more cautious stance on investment impacting in any way the pace at which you think you can roll focus category coverage out over the next 12 to 24 months, or are those investments already fully baked and the pace shouldn't be impacted in any way? Thanks so much.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So, I would say a couple things. One is we're not going to get ahead of ourselves on 2024 and talk about that on this call. We've laid out the strategy that we have for expanding focus categories for the site-wide investments that we're making, and we feel really good about what we're driving and the underlying changes in the business. On the expenses side, I wouldn't think about it as pulling back in areas that we think will drive growth in the business, but more what I talked about earlier, which is finding opportunities to create leverage out of the model. When you think of things like cost of payments, when you think of things like how we're going to use AI to enable our  the efficiency of the organization, you know, the whole motto here is control what we can control. And, that's why we think we've planned for the architecture that Steve laid out, and we're really not going to get ahead of ourselves on anything more from 2024. But our main goal, and we've been doing this through the structured cost program, is to drive efficiency in the organization without driving the key layers, the key levers and the innovations that have driven growth on the platform.
Lee Horowitz: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Morton from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Morton: Thank you. I appreciate the question. If we could start maybe with authentication. For a few quarters now, you've highlighted as a headwind to gross margins, which makes sense. And I'd love to note, this is a line item that we should expect to see some leverage on as we go forward in the future. It's just tricky to think about as we're all like marketplace analysts, right, And there's really high income and margins. But when you're doing something like authenticating, like if you double the amount of shoes you're authenticating, like if people are touching boxes, its inventory. So any thoughts there on how we should think about that line item going forward in the next 12, 24 months? You don't need to get too detailed, but just the leverage aspect. And then just talking about the leverage that you saw in sales and marketing, I understand and appreciate that you have a lot of direct traffic, but so do some other marketplaces that have seen a lot of increased competition across social, in search. So just impressive to see that leverage and would love to  and I know you guys have invested in full funnel advertising over the last 12 months to really get your improved product out there. So just to help us understand how you're seeing that leverage when other marketplaces are having such a challenging environment would be great as well. Thank you.
Steve Priest: Hi, Michael, I'll pick up the first one. So we've been really pleased with the levels of trust that we are continuing to build on eBay, particularly focused around our focus categories. And so the first thing I would say is thinking about authentication as a trust metric that's really driving CSAT. And so it's a great return on investment, because it's not just about the category that one shops in, but also it's about the cross-category shopping that goes away from that. So every consumer that spends about $400 of sneakers on the average buyer spends $2,000 elsewhere on the platform. And it's really the fact they get attracted to it. So you should be thinking about this as an investment that we're making and the requisite return on investment. The second thing I would say is it's not just about authentication, because some people look into eBay and think it's all about authentication. Fitment is to P&A and warranties are to seller refurbished and certified refurbished, which authentication is to watches, sneakers and handbags. And so we're continuing to, (A) get scale as we're sort of driving this through the overall platform, but also we're getting the benefits of trust and the benefits of cross-category shopping as we go that forward. So it continues to be relatively de-minimis, but I would think of it as an overall return on investment. Jamie, do you want to pick up the question with regards to the traffic?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah, look, we've shifted our marketing strategy as we've talked about, and we're telling our story in new and different ways. Rather than focus on those large brand campaigns, we've been doing really targeted marketing spend to enthusiasts in our focus categories through this full funnel approach, using a real full funnel, mid, lower, upper. And all of that full funnel makes our lower funnel work harder. We've been doing partnerships with influencers, leveraging social media in better ways. And so the whole shift in our marketing strategy is not to just go after kind of active buyers and a big brand campaign, but really market the value proposition that we have on the platform with a really targeted approach to go after enthusiasts in that category. And that's why I think you're seeing the results that we've talked about in P&A, which is our third quarter of in-market lines of growth in the mid-single digits is because of the effect of the marketing programs.
Steve Priest: The other thing I would add is just the size and scale of eBay and the general operation efficiencies we get with this. To Jamies point on full funnel marketing, we get to a point where we've got paid, owned, and now earned marketing across the board, which really brings additional consumers to eBay and continues to drive that level of trust on the platform to ultimately drive the underlying GMV momentum.
Michael Morton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe two if I could. Going back to the comments on the broader softening of the e-commerce environment, how does that typically show up in your model? When you think about what you've seen in the UK or Germany, is it slower buyer growth? Is it less velocity or repeat behavior on the shopping level, is it basket size? How should we be thinking about the signals you're watching for elements of the softening versus what might be a recovery as we move through Q4 and into next year? That would be number one. And then when you look about the seller services side of the equation, I know you've made a lot of progress on ads and payments and shipping. What do you think the biggest friction points still are to continue to solidify the seller services side of the equation for the marketplace, especially if the macro environment does become a little more uncertain and sellers are looking for assistance from marketplaces? Thanks.
Steve Priest: Hi. Good afternoon, Eric. I'll take the first one. It generally shows up in traffic, as you would imagine. When you think about eBay and consumers looking at discretionary spend and the wallets generally get a little pressured, that's really where it tends to show up. If I reflect on our business, and let's not forget, half of eBay's GMV is generated outside the US. And if you think about Europe, you think about the likes of the UK and Germany, our second and third largest markets. When you look at the data in terms of e-commerce, excluding grocery, UK was shrinking at three points in September and Germany was down minus seven. And so we're seeing quite a precipitous decline in some of that e-commerce growth out of those couple of key markets. And invariably, as those consumers continue to get pressured in their wallets, it has an ultimate impact on traffic and discretionary spend. Jamie, in terms of the other items?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah, on seller services, Eric, it's really been across the board. If you think about our B2C sellers, it's been a key focus for us for over three years now. We started with eBay stores and a lot of innovation that we did when I first got back to eBay. Since then, we've been building out the ad portfolio, as we've been talking about each quarter. We continue to enhance our shipping profile and our shipping services. So one example is like in our P&A category, we now have the ability for a B2C seller to say, I have multiple warehouses that I can ship out of, and we'll ship out of the one closest to the buyer to get it faster to the buyer. In our German business, we just launched a more expedited returns process, which helps sellers manage returns in easier ways. EIS is helping them get more global scale demand. Payments is giving them more payment choices. So, when you think about it, I was just with a seller in Australia who sells tires, and he's like, I love the integration that you guys did with Afterpay, because in this economy, a lot of people buying a new set of tires are using the buy now, pay later solutions. So I would say it's a combination of all of the things that we've done that are really being great services for B2C. At the same time, we've been investing a lot in the C2C experience with things like the magical listings, really letting them list with a whole lot more ease. As I've talked about last quarter, the customer satisfaction for a brand new product there is amongst the highest I've ever seen. And what casual sellers are telling us is this is going to allow them to unlock more inventory because of how easy we're making it. And that's now scaled out to 100% of our business across U.S., UK, and DE. So we continue to invest a lot in our sellers. We continue to grow the number of live listings on the platform, and we continue to raise the customer value proposition that we're giving them on eBay.
John Egbert : Operator, can we do one last question, please?
Operator: Absolutely. Our final question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Jamie, given that consumers are increasingly looking at deal shopping during this holiday season due to macro pressures and inflationary environment, some of the other e-commerce platforms like Etsy are kind of incentivizing sellers to step up discounts and are also doing promos on their own to drive volume. Is that something that eBay can do? Do your buyers react to this? And do you see opportunities to maybe mitigate some of these macro pressures with product initiatives if this kind of persists for a while next year? And then now maybe one quick one for Steve. Steve, can you help quantify the cash outflow due to the taxes in 4Q? Is that a constraint to kind of stay on your buyback cadence for 4Q or any additional color you can provide? That would be great. Thank you so much, guys.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah Deepak, the only real couponing and promotion stuff we do, we do it in conjunction with our sellers, where they are kind of funding those coupons. And that does work, and that's in partnership with our sellers. We sometimes also do that with our external promotional listings products that we've been talking about, one of our new ad products. But we really moved away from the couponing that was unhealthy that we did back in 2019. And we have no plans to reintroduce that type of couponing because it wasn't driving the type of ROI that we wanted. The bigger point for eBay overall has been the shift in strategy to focus on used, non-new in season and refurbished. Because when customers face these inflationary environments, they're continuing to look at eBay for better value. Our refurbished business is up double digits, because people are getting like-new products for 40% off. Our used business is growing faster than our new business, because of the demand that people see and the values that they can get on eBay. So we just did a survey, and we found that 90% of consumers that responded to the survey said that they purchased pre-loved goods on eBay in the past year. So our play on value is really the new strategy of what we're going after of driving those businesses, and that's what's resonating with our customers. Steve, do you want to talk about the cash implications of taxes?
Steve Priest: Yeah, obviously we talked about the free cash flow dynamics and the timing of the cash payments of 23 impacted by the California State Disaster Tax Relief, which has shifted our cash tax payments to October versus thats being paid during Q2, Q3, and that's really the reference point we were talking about. We don't get into sort of forecasting buybacks on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Really pleased with the continued momentum we've got on that at around 125%, and that's really an average over the cycle that we talked about. But we're bang on track and happy with where we are.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. We will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-26 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the eBay Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. John Egbert. Sir, please go ahead.
John Egbert: Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us for eBay's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com.  Before we begin, I'll remind you that during this conference call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect organic FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless indicated otherwise.  During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today.  You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of July 26, 2023. We do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone : Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We delivered another solid quarter in Q2, exceeding expectations across all key metrics while investing in a disciplined manner to support our long-term objectives.  Before I jump into the details around our second quarter results, I'd like to discuss the evolution of our strategy. Three years ago, I articulated our ambition of becoming the best global marketplace to buy and sell through a tech-led re-imagination of eBay. This would help us realize the enormous untapped potential of this company and put it firmly on a path to sustainable long-term growth.  Since then, we've renewed our focus on products where we are uniquely positioned to offer meaningful choices and value for our customers. We've accelerated innovation to adapt to the changing needs of buyers and developed world-class shopping experiences in our focus categories. And we've changed our marketing strategy to support these experiences, pivoting to a full funnel approach aimed at attracting and retaining enthusiast buyers. These accomplishments make it a logical time to embark on the next phase of our journey.  The foundational work of our tech-led re-imagination will continue, including our prioritization of non-new products, expansion of focus categories in ads and payments initiatives. And now we're raising the bar for innovation and have set our sights on an even more ambitious vision which is reinventing the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts only at eBay.  We will achieve this vision in the coming years by focusing on 3 key pillars: relevant experiences, scalable solutions and magical innovation. Let's start with our first pillar, relevant experiences. This means we are solving the specific and ever-changing needs of our customers across all shopping occasions.  Through our focus category strategy, we've proven that when we build relevant experiences, we can dramatically improve customer satisfaction which translates into faster GMV growth. While we'll continue to understand customer needs and innovate at the category level, we will leverage the new tools, capabilities and technologies we have developed over the last few years to enhance more elements of the site-wide experience.  This includes developing a more relevant, consistent experience for the next generation of online shoppers through a comprehensive overhaul of our user experience and design rolled out in phases over the course of 2023 and beyond. This evolution will result in simpler, more personalized browsing experiences that will inspire people to sell, shop and connect with their community on eBay.  This initiative is a cross-collaborative effort between design, product, core AI, search, engineering and other key stakeholders to ensure our modernized shopping experience is powered by intelligent computing at scale. Enabled by artificial intelligence, we will fine-tune the breadth of inventory and other aspects of the shopping journey to cater to the varying needs of new buyers, infrequent shoppers and eBay enthusiasts.  We believe these innovations will increase our ability to bend cohort curves, drive higher lifetime values and ultimately grow enthusiasts and average spend per buyer.  We began rolling out these changes to consumers in recent months, starting with testing a more modern and intuitive view item page, which is the most visited page on eBay.  The updated page offers a streamlined appearance, larger and higher resolution images and an optimized information hierarchy. Early tests indicate a measurable uplift in GMV versus our existing design.  Over the next few quarters, you will see a continued evolution of the look, feel and experience of our marketplace, including updates to view item, our header, homepage, search results and other landing pages.  Alongside this work, we're investing in new capabilities for search, where relevance is also critical. We're investing in technologies like deep learning and visual similarity to improve ranking and retrieval, reducing queries with low or no results to see if there's more of our amazing inventory for customers.  Now let's turn to our second pillar, scalable solutions. Combined with improving relevance, our scale is a powerful asset. As we discussed at our Investor Day last year, eBay has 5 categories that each generate more than $10 billion annually in GMV, making up more than 80% of volume on our marketplace in aggregate.  Our global footprint across 190 markets and density of supply and demand across major trade corridors are tremendous advantages in cross-border trade, and our proprietary data assets are powered by tens of billions of cumulative transactions and commercially relevant product information and images accumulated over our nearly 28-year history.  Our scale enabled us to launch a proprietary managed payment solution capable of processing more than $70 billion in annualized volume in less than 2 years. It also allowed us to build our nearly $1.3 billion advertising business driven by Promoted Listings, which help our sellers drive greater velocity and price realization for their inventory.  Ads and payments have dramatically enhanced our financial architecture. But now we are widening the scope of scalable solutions on eBay to develop a broader suite of value-added services. Our payments infrastructure makes it possible for us to launch new financial services like FX conversion, alternative payment options and seller financing partnerships informed by transactions on eBay.  We're also investing in improved in-house risk modeling to alleviate transactional friction for sellers and buyers on eBay, which has led to measurable uplift in conversion and hundreds of millions of dollars of incremental GMV during the first half of 2023 alone. Our scale and cross-border capabilities allowed us to launch the eBay international shipping program earlier this year.  This program simplifies paperwork, lowers cost for buyers, streamlines returns and enables sellers to tap into our global demand. While this program is still ramping up in the U.S., we are seeing positive proof points in the number of listings migrated, increased exportability of new listings as well as conversion, delivery times and operational costs in line with our expectations.  The cross-category nature of eBay makes our investments in individual focus categories more scalable to other areas. This is because technology and capabilities that are developed for one category can be adapted quickly and seamlessly to others.  For instance, eBay's Authenticity Guarantee program has enabled us to rapidly transform trust across new categories and countries, from watches to sneakers, handbags, jewelry and trading cards. Now it's faster and more cost-efficient to launch authentication for a new category like we did this quarter with streetwear. We believe only eBay is in a position to bring hyper relevant experiences like these to customers at scale across this breadth of categories.  Lastly, our third pillar is magical innovations. The foundational work we've accomplished over the past 3 years has set us up for a new phase of innovation. Our teams are focused on thinking bigger and moving faster as we build game-changing features and functionality for customers to keep eBay at the forefront of e-commerce.  Our improved tech velocity has allowed us to launch and rapidly iterate on exciting features like live commerce. Other examples include the ability to instantly buy and sell trading cards in the eBay vault and our improved computer vision capabilities that streamline buying and selling on eBay.  Over the next few quarters and years, we expect advancements in artificial intelligence, including Generative AI to impact nearly every aspect of our organization, driving meaningful efficiency and productivity improvements. More importantly, they enable truly compelling customer-facing experiences that I'm confident our customers will love, such as the Magical Listing experience I'm excited to discuss with you shortly.  You will continue to hear us talk about the progress of our evolved strategy and how we're delivering on the three pillars of relevant experiences, scalable solutions and magical innovation. This work is all in service of our plan to reinvent the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts only at eBay.  As I've mentioned, these efforts are already underway, and we've begun delivering these innovative features and functionality to eBay customers.  Now let me turn to the second quarter. We delivered better-than-expected results across the board in Q2 despite continued macro uncertainty. Gross merchandise volume was over $18.2 billion while revenue grew 5% to $2.54 billion and outpaced GMV growth by roughly 6 points, and we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.03, up 5%.  Our improving growth trends continue to be led by our focused categories, which grew roughly 7 points faster than the remainder of our marketplace during Q2. This outperformance continues to be led by motors, parts and accessories or P&A where GMV grew mid-single digits year-over-year for the second straight quarter, which we believe is in line with market rates of growth for this segment of e-commerce.  We also extended our focus category coverage through new launches and category expansions during the quarter. In early June, we launched Authenticity Guarantee for streetwear in the U.S. and are now authenticating new and pre-owned streetwear items from 20 trusted brands, including Kith, Off-White, Palace and Supreme. In July, we expanded eligible streetwear to mass appeal brands like Adidas, Jordan and Nike. And later this year, we'll expand coverage to luxury brands, including Gucci, Prada, and Louis Vuitton. This marks our entry into authenticated apparel, a category that has strong overlap with our passionate community of sneaker enthusiasts, adding another layer of trust when they shop.  In April, we launched a Certified by Brand program, which we also expect to facilitate more e-commerce in the luxury space. There are already more than 20 brands participating in this program. offering new and certified preowned inventory across the watch, jewelry and handbag categories.  Listings from this program will show a direct-from-brand or brand-authorized seller badge, bringing an enhanced level of trust to these listings similar to visual trust signals for Authenticity Guarantee.  Brands benefit from eBay's scale demand, gain access to consumer and pricing insights while being able to maintain control of their brand equity and image online. eBay shoppers will benefit from these brands' unique inventory and enhanced trust as these products will include certifications and/or warranties from the brands themselves.  Our expertise in fashion is further extended by our recently closed acquisition of Certilogo, a provider of AI-powered authentication for apparel. Certilogo empowers brands and designers to manage the life cycle of their garments, protect their customers from counterfeits and encourages e-commerce via QR codes that serve as digital product passports.  While we are just beginning to explore the synergies between our companies, Certilogo already works with a number of leading global fashion brands, and we are incredibly excited to leverage this technology to accelerate the circular economy.  Next, I'd like to discuss the groundbreaking work our team is doing with artificial intelligence. In particular, I'm excited to announce that this quarter, we're ramping up a new feature we've been calling Magical Listing, which will make it significantly easier for sellers to list their inventory.  One of the biggest challenges to operating a listings-based marketplace is the burden on sellers to fill in descriptions and item aspects for their products. In May, we launched the first version of our Magical Listing experience, which dramatically reduces this friction for our sellers via AI-generated item descriptions.  We integrated Azure's open AI API into our core listing flow. And now sellers can choose to have detailed product information instantly populated by Generative AI based on the product's title, category and any item aspects that have been input.  During the quarter, we ramped this beta feature to more than 50% of iOS and Android users in the U.S. and expect to reach 100% in the coming weeks. Early signals have been extremely positive. Approximately 30% of users have tried the feature at least once, and we've observed acceptance rates of over 90% for AI-generated descriptions, including those with edits.  Customer satisfaction is over 80% thus far, which is among the highest CSAT for any new feature launched in recent memory. Sellers have told us that this feature will unlock more of the unique inventory in their closets. And on average, we are seeing description lengths double when Gen AI is used.  But we are just getting started. The next iteration of our Magical Listing will leverage our improved image recognition capabilities to provide flows with the option of a more seamless camera-based listing.  Sellers can utilize their smartphone camera or existing photos to start a listing. And based on our visual understanding of the products, the eBay app can pre-populate the title, category, description and item specifics wherever possible. We have been testing this tool with our employees for several weeks, and we're incredibly excited to launch in public beta in the coming months.  The advent of Generative AI has sparked an explosion of creativity at eBay among our product and engineering teams who have conceptualized new and innovative shopping experiences that can be rapidly deployed onto the site. Two compelling examples that launched in July are the Shop by Upgrade and engine code lookup features that went from concept to production in the eBay Motors app in just a few weeks.  Shop by Upgrade uses Generative AI to help customers discover the most relevant fitment-enabled upgrade options for their vehicles, which are personalized based on a specific user's preferences. Engine code lookup offers specific P&A products available on eBay that can address the root cause of hard-to-decipher error codes, aiding them in identifying and fixing the source of the problem.  I'm thrilled to see how quickly our teams are moving with this technology at their disposal and look forward to more of these experiences launching in pilots in the months ahead.  Turning next to our advertising business, which continues to build impressive momentum. We reached a major milestone in Q2 as advertising revenue reached 2% penetration of GMV. Total ads grew 35% while first-party ad revenue grew roughly 50 points faster than GMV. Over 2.1 million sellers adopted a single ad product in Q2, while we reached more than 800 million live promoted listings. Promoted Listings Standard, our CPA product was again the largest contributor to growth in Q2, driven by attribution enhancements, continued optimization and ad rate improvements. At the end of March, we adjusted our attribution methodology for CPA ads, expanding the definition of what constitutes a qualified sale. This change, referred to as a halo attribution in the industry, enabled us to more efficiently optimize our ads as we capture a more complete picture of the downstream sales driven by promoted listings. While sellers maintain the full flexibility to adjust their bidding behavior after this change, halo attribution had a net positive impact on our ad business in Q2.  During the quarter, we also introduced a new way to rank ads on search which leverages our in-house AI capabilities to optimize CPA placements for both conversion and ad rate. Additionally, we improved our precision in calculating trending and suggested ad rates and made it easier to adopt dynamic bidding, both contributed to a modest lift in Q2 ad rate. Our emerging Promoted Listings products also scaled nicely in Q2, growing more than 30% quarter-over-quarter. Promoted Listings Advanced, our CPC product was the largest contributor. Advanced recently exited beta into general release as we have simplified the process of creating and managing campaigns, increased the visibility of CPC ads on eBay and demonstrated healthy return on ad spend levels to sellers.  During Q2, we introduced suggested campaigns for Advanced, which provide a one-click activation experience by offering customized keywords, bid and ad group structures for B2C sellers across 5 major markets. These campaigns were pushed out to sellers on a monthly cadence and can drive further adoption of CPC ads. Now let's discuss the impact we're having on the communities we serve. Last quarter, we published our annual impact report, which recognizes the progress we've made to our environmental and social goals. As a pioneer of e-commerce, we are committed to helping sellers earn extra cash selling pre-loved items and helping buyers find items of value while promoting a healthier planet and economy. I'm proud that we continue to make important strides to our own climate goals while leading sustainability throughout our company culture and philanthropic efforts. Additionally, we will soon publish our first ever U.K. social impact report, which takes a closer look at the programs we're delivering for hundreds of underserved entrepreneurs, social enterprises and charities in the U.K. This includes programs like eBay for Change, which supports social entrepreneurs and creates jobs in marginalized and vulnerable communities. Another program with considerable impact is eBay for Charity which raised more than $38 million during the quarter. And I'm excited to announce that Engage for Good, a nonprofit organization dedicated to supporting the practice of cause marketing recognized eBay for Charity as a 2023 charity checkout champion. In closing, I would like to thank our incredible employees for another strong quarter of execution and for continuing to bring our strategic vision to life. I have never been more confident that we are on the right path to unlocking our enormous untapped potential and reinventing the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts only at eBay. Our focus on relevant experiences, scalable solutions and magical innovations will greatly benefit our loyal community of sellers and buyers in the quarters and years ahead as well as better cater to the needs of the next generation of online shoppers.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Stephen Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with highlights from the second quarter on Slide 10 of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll review our key financial and operating metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our outlook for the third quarter and offer some additional commentary on the remainder of the year before we begin Q&A.  As usual, my comments will reflect the year-over-year comparisons on an organic FX-neutral basis unless I note otherwise. We delivered solid results in Q2 as our GMV, revenue and EPS exceeded expectations and came in at or above the high end of our guidance ranges despite ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty.  Gross merchandise volume was down 1% to $18.2 billion, an improvement from down 3% in Q1. Revenue was up 5% to $2.54 billion, which outpaced volume by 6 points, driven by accelerating growth within our advertising business. Non-GAAP operating margin is 26.9%, down roughly 1.7 points year-over-year, primarily due to the impact of eBay international shipping ramp and recent M&A. We delivered $1.03 in non-GAAP earnings per share, up 5% year-over-year. And we generated $492 million of free cash flow while returning $383 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Let's take a closer look at the key drivers of our financial performance during the second quarter. Gross merchandise volume was down 1% to $18.2 billion, an improvement from down 3% in Q1 due to continued momentum within focused categories and a notable acceleration in cross-border trading. Foreign exchange represented a 1 point headwind to reported GMV growth in Q2.  GMV growth in our focus categories accelerated modestly and outpaced the remainder of our marketplace by roughly 7 points during the second quarter. We launched a new focus category in U.S. streetwear, extended trading cards to Canada and broadened our inventory coverage in sneakers, handbags and jewelery which drove a sequential increase in GMV coverage.  P&A was once again the largest contributor to GMV growth among focused categories, growing in the mid-single digits year-over-year in line with estimated market growth in this segment of e-commerce. eBay Refurbished maintained healthy double-digit growth in Q2 and was the second largest contributor to focus category outperformance as consumers continue to turn to eBay for value in the current economic climate.  Next, looking at our business on a geographic basis. U.S. GMV was down 4% organically in Q2, as domestic buyers continue to favor imports due to diminishing headwinds within global supply chains that benefited cross-border trade. International GMV grew 1% on an FX-neutral basis, accelerating by roughly 2 points sequentially. Although e-commerce growth remains weaker outside of the U.S. amidst heightened macro challenges, international GMV benefited from a sequential acceleration in volume from cross-border trading.  Moving to active buyers. 132 million active buyers shop on eBay during the trailing 12 months ending in June, down 1 million quarter-over-quarter. Excluding M&A and buyers from our Turkey business, where we've ceased operations in July of last year, we had 131 million active buyers, roughly flat versus Q1. As we lap the Turkey closure this month, this factor will no longer be a headwind to reported active buyers next quarter.  The continued stabilization of our buyer count was driven by the four straight quarters of positive year-over-year growth in new and reactivated buyers, which was again led by double-digit growth in buyers from P&A. In isolation, new buyers grew year-over-year for the second straight quarter, while growth by our churn has steadily improved throughout 2023. Enthusiast buyers was stable at 16 million in Q2, as net migration patterns improved slightly quarter-over-quarter. Spend per enthusiast grew modestly year-over-year, averaging roughly $3,000 annually.  Turning to revenue. We generated net revenue of $2.54 billion in Q2, up 5%, an acceleration of roughly 3 points versus Q1. Total FX-neutral revenue growth, inclusive of M&A, was 6% while currency was a 1 point headwind to reported growth. Our take rate was 13.9% in Q2, more than 30 basis points sequentially and up nearly 90 basis points year-over-year. Advertising revenue was the largest driver of our take rate growth, both sequentially and year-over-year. eBay international shipping and recent M&A in aggregate contributed nearly 10 basis points to our Q2 take rate sequentially, while new payment services contributed roughly 2 basis points. Foreign exchange represented a sequential headwind of approximately 10 basis points to take rate in the second quarter. Our advertising business accelerated notably in Q2 as total ad revenue grew 35%, a 12-point acceleration versus Q1. First-party ads grew 49% or roughly 50 points faster than volume as the GMV delta widened by 17 points sequentially. However, roughly 4 points of this gap were related to a one-time accounting adjustment of deferred revenue on cost per click ad fees following the halo attribution change Jamie discussed earlier. The deferral release brought forward approximately $9 million of ad revenue to Q2, which we will lap in Q3. The outstanding results within our ads business were driven by continued optimization of promoted listings standards and the expansion of our emerging products like advanced and external promoted listings. As we lap one-time factors like our ad portfolio expansion, recent product optimization wins, halo attribution and the one-time accounting change, we do expect the GMV delta to narrow from current levels. However, we still anticipate advertising revenue will outpace GMV for the foreseeable future.  Moving to profitability. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.9% in Q2, down 1.7 points year-over-year. Roughly 1.5 points of this delta is due to the combination of eBay international shipping and recent M&A, while FX also represented a modest year-over-year headwind. Gross margin was down roughly 80 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to a 1 point headwind from the progressive ramp of eBay international shipping which was partly offset by an increase in take rate driven by ads and other monetization efficiencies.  Sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue was down nearly 80 basis points year-over-year in Q2 as our continued investment in full funnel marketing initiatives was offset by leverage on monetization efficiencies and lower spend on coupons and incentives. Product development rose by 1.1 points as we continue to invest in product and engineering talent to accelerate innovation across the platform. Our G&A expense rose by roughly 60 basis points, driven by M&A and higher employee spend. We generated non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.03 in Q2, up 5% year-over-year, benefiting from a 4% net reduction in share count from our repurchases. We delivered GAAP earnings per share of $0.32 with the delta primarily driven by unrealized losses on our equity investment portfolio. Turning to our balance sheet and capital allocation. We generated free cash flow of $492 million in Q2, up 6%. Our balance sheet position remains robust, and we ended the quarter with cash and non-equity investments of $5.3 billion and gross debt of $7.7 million. We repurchased roughly $250 million in shares at an average price of approximately $44 during Q2 and have roughly $2.3 billion remaining under our current buyback authorization.  We paid a quarterly cash dividend of $133 million in June or $0.25 per share. Our investment portfolio is detailed on Slide 20 of our earnings presentation. Our major equity investments and warrants were valued at over $3.4 billion at the end of Q2. This represents a decrease of approximately $200 million sequentially, driven primarily by the recent share price decline in Adevinta.  Moving on to our outlook. For the third quarter, we forecast GMV between $17.6 billion and $18 billion, representing organic FX-neutral growth between negative 4% and negative 1% year-over-year. We expect revenue between $2.46 billion and $2.52 billion, representing organic FX-neutral growth between 2% and 4% year-over-year. We anticipate non-GAAP operating margin to fall between 25.8% and 26.5%, and we forecast non-GAAP earnings per share between $0.96 and $1.01 representing EPS growth between negative 4% and positive 1% year-over-year.  We are currently planning our business around the assumption of total FX-neutral GMV growth between negative 2% and negative 1% year-over-year for the full year of 2023. We expect revenue to outpace GMV by approximately 4.5 points for the full year on a spot basis.  Although FX-neutral revenue growth should continue to outpace GMV by mid-single digits during the second half, at current FX rates, our year-over-year growth in spot revenue and GMV would converge in Q4 as we lap significant FX hedging gains in the prior year period. We are now planning for full year 2023 non-GAAP operating margins between 27% and 27.4%. Our margin assumptions contemplate a year-over-year headwind of roughly 1 point from the combination of recent M&A and the eBay international shipping program. However, we do expect the operating margin impact from EIS to abate by the fourth quarter. Our margin assumptions imply more than $100 million of OpEx savings from our structured cost program in 2023, which will be redeployed into strategic objectives.  If foreign currencies follow the current rates, FX would represent a tailwind of roughly 0.5 point to GMV growth for the full year in 2023. However, FX would represent roughly 0.5 point headwind to operating margin for 2023 with approximately 2 points of impact during Q4 alone due to hedging gains in the prior year period. FX also represents more than a 2-point headwind to non-GAAP EPS for the full year.  Lastly, for the full year, we expect to generate just under $2 billion in free cash flow. Due to California state disaster tax relief, the majority of our cash tax payments scheduled for 2023 have been deferred and will be paid in October. As such, we expect the bulk of our remaining 2023 free cash flow to be recognized in Q3. We estimate our non-GAAP tax rate will remain unchanged at 16.5% throughout the rest of 2023. Our capital expenditures for the full year are still estimated to be between 4% to 6% of revenue. In closing, Q2 was another strong quarter for eBay as we delivered against our quarterly financial commitments and made significant progress on our long-term strategic objectives. Focus categories expanded in coverage and positively influenced growth for the marketplace overall. Our advertising business is driving robust growth at scale as first-party ads meaningfully accelerated relative to GMV. We continue to invest in product and full funnel marketing initiatives in a disciplined manner laying the foundation for sustainable growth, and we generated $492 million of free cash flow, returned $383 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends and have returned roughly 130% of free cash flow to shareholders over the last 18 months.  I continue to be inspired by the accelerating pace of innovation at eBay as we reinvent the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe bridging the strategy to potential impact for the P&L. When you think about the 3 pillars you laid out that you're investing behind over the medium to long term, how should we think either collectively or individually of those pillars as drivers of either buyer growth, continued ramp in spend per buyer and/or potentially amplifying ROI on the platform over the medium to long term?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we're excited about the evolution of our strategy here with reinventing the future of e-commerce for enthusiasts. When you look at the pillars, Eric, first on relevant experiences, we've had a lot of success with this to date, right? Our focus categories have been about creating relevant experiences in specific categories and we've seen a CSAT change, a GMV change, et cetera. And so we're expanding this now to kind of every site-wide experience that we have on the site, including a new design for Gen Z shoppers, including going to every e-mail, every notification. And frankly, new technology and tools enable us to do that. And so we feel really great about that and the impact on customer satisfaction and on GMV. On the scalable solutions, think about all the foundational work that we've done in payments and really being able to take that to the next level with things like financial services and building on that or eBay International Services.  When you combine the scale of eBay in 100 countries with the GMV that we do, we're able to roll out programs like the EIS, eBay International Shipping, and open up that opportunity for our sellers and just drive a lot more cross-border trade and a lot easier experience for our sellers. And then think of magical innovations is really raising the bar on the experience that we're going to have on the site. I talked about some of the new AI products that we're launching. I mean, these are products that are out the gate having over 80% customer satisfaction, having sellers tell us this is going to unlock more inventory because you're making it so easy to list on the platform, products like live commerce. We've now done over 300 live commerce and sellers and buyers are getting really engaged in that. And so that opportunity for us is to drive that customer lifetime value for a buyer as well as attract those new buyers on the platform. What I'm excited by is really the intersection of a couple of these. When you think about the intersection of relevant experiences combined with scalable solutions, only eBay can provide that, and that's why we think we're going to be able to reinvent the future of e-commerce in a really uniquely eBay way.
Stephen Priest: Eric, if you think about the financial architecture in terms of linked to the P&L, you're seeing us continue to invest. The underlying business, as we're moving forward is in a very healthy space. We're seeing great momentum not only with the focus categories, but also the monetization initiatives and the strength on the horizontal platform. And so we continue to invest to drive the momentum in the underlying business. We remain committed to the architecture that we put out back at our Investor Day last year with the sorts of mid-single-digit GMV growth and the P&L architecture that comes off the back of that. The timing of that, as we always said, will be a function of the macro environment that we continue to operate in. So hopefully, that covers the question for you from the link between strategy and architecture.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nikhil Divani with Bernstein.
Nikhil Devnani: My first one is on margins. I think the operating margin has kind of stepped down this year, and that's continuing to the back half as well. Can you just talk about the primary factors that are weighing on that and the degree to which they are temporary versus structural?  I know you're not guiding to '24 yet, but when you think about next year, what are the levers that would allow you to improve from this kind of 26% margin level?
Stephen Priest: Let me give you a little bit of color on the year-over-year margin. Obviously, we have seen some modest deleverage associated with the current macro environment, which obviously reflected in our full year GMV commentary, and that's bringing a lot of pressure on margins. I would refer probably to 4 discrete items that have impacted 2023. Firstly, we've talked about eBay international shipping. This is both strategically important for us as we open up the aperture across 132 million buyers across 190 countries and gives us a great opportunity to drive more commerce through eBay and, at the same time, drive accretive operating profit dollars. As a reminder for you all, we are now the principal in that relationship versus an agent and, therefore, the accounting treatment has impacted our margins in '23.  The second item will be around M&A. We have been more acquisitive of late to drive sustainable long-term growth in the business. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we would expect EIS and M&A together to be a 1 point headwind to margins in '23.  The third element, which is slightly nuanced is the FX fluctuations and lapping that we have seen or will see through the second half of the year. We did benefit from significant hedging gains in the fourth quarter of 2022, which we will ultimately lap. And in totality, that will equate to 0.5 point of FX-driven margin dilution for the full year and 2 points in quarter 4 alone.  And then finally, obviously, the reinvestments in our business. We are seeing focused category momentum, 7 points of growth over the core platform, horizontal investments in search and buyer and seller experience are driving dividends. And obviously, the investments in our monetization initiatives like payments and ads is bearing fruit.  And so as I think about margins for 2023, we have some unique items, as I've said, such as eBay International Shipping, the M&A and the FX fluctuations we've talked about. But we've also been investing in the business because we feel very confident about the trajectory of the business and how it's driving long-term sustainable growth.  I think that as it pertains to 2024, I'm not going to get ahead of myself. We've given you a lot of color for the third quarter. We've added some color for the full year. We are -- remain committed, as I mentioned to Eric, to the medium-term goals that we've put out at our investor event. This will really -- the timing will be the function of the duration and severity of the macro headwinds we're currently facing. And obviously, we'll give additional color for '24 in the quarters ahead.
Nikhil Devnani: And you alluded to that Investor Day GMV framework, which kind of assumed the non-focus categories would be flat. I guess what's the strategy in your playbook to ensure that those non-focus verticals also remain stable going forward?
Jamie Iannone: First of all, our strategy when we go back to it in terms of relevant experiences on the site, we're doing a lot of work outside of just the work that we're doing in focus categories. In fact, the majority of our investment is going there. So if you think about the magical listing experience, that's going to help unlock C2C inventory across every category on the site. The second thing I would say is that when you think about our model and what we laid out, we have a real multiplier effect on our buyers. So as we continue to roll out focus categories and as we're seeing success there, that actually helps lift all tides across the eBay marketplace.  So take a sneakers buyer. The average sneaker buyer comes in and buys sneakers over $100, they're going to spend $400 in sneakers but then $2,000 on the rest of the platform outside of that. And that nature really allows us to help grow the overall marketplace, including our non-focus categories.  The last thing I'd say is when you think about things like the scalable solutions that we're building, take eBay international shipping, that's going to help every category. That's going to help focus categories like handbags coming out of Japan, et cetera, but it's also going to help our non-focus categories. And when you think about cross-border trade on the platform, it's really 1 in 5 transactions or 20%. So it you a lot of opportunity, both in our focus category work and the non-focus category work, and we feel committed and confident in our ability to get those to fly in the medium term.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Morton with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Morton: I would like to maybe start off with EIS being deployed in the U.S. currently. If we could talk about any contributions you're seeing at this point to U.S. GMV. And maybe some color on timing and kind of contribution expectations going forward would be great because it seems like it's a program that you're very excited about. And then a second question, we've talked about the full funnel marketing spend in the past, and you've mentioned millennials and Gen Z and the active buyer numbers have been improving. I was -- would love to dig down on those cohorts maybe a bit or if you could kind of bucket the strength you're seeing in active buyers. Are you having some effectiveness in converting the millennials and Gen Z who have maybe grown up in a different era of interacting with marketplaces?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Okay. So first, let me talk about eBay international shipping. So the whole program makes cross-border shipping and selling much easier. So eBay handles the custom forms, we handle the duties. We handle the immediate returns. And sellers are protected from things like item not received claims on the platform. So we're in the process of basically rolling this out. Most sellers are adopting it. And while it's early days for the new program, we're seeing a really positive reception from sellers in terms of shippable listings, the conversion that we're seeing, et cetera.  Why we're excited by it is because 20% of the business on eBay is cross-border, but less than half of our big 3 inventory is available to be shipped internationally. So opening up that inventory, we think, is a unique advantage for eBay and a unique value proposition for our sellers on the marketplace.  When you think about the full funnel marketing that we're doing and that shift, we're really seeing it pay off in terms of our buyer strategy. So this quarter, we saw, once again, new or reactivated buyers was positive for the fourth straight quarter. Our new buyer growth was positive for the second quarter. And take a category like P&A where we've been doing full funnel marketing, really targeting on enthusiasts, there, we're seeing that new and reactivated buyer growth being double digits faster than the rest of the platform. So we feel really good that the investments that we're making are driving the right buyer outcomes. They're exactly where we expect them to be and where I've been talking that they would be. And when you look at it, categories like what we're doing in sneakers. This quarter, we just launched Authenticity Guarantee for streetwear, which is a great kind of Gen Z younger consumer category. We're in the middle of sponsoring fashion island -- sorry, Love Island in the U.K., which is kind of currently on air right now, sponsored by our eBay U.K. business, also bringing in a different type of cohort. So we feel really good that the strategy is working. We're bringing in the enthusiast buyers that we want and that we're seeing a great payoff out of the full funnel marketing approach.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Gawrelski with Wells Fargo.
Kenneth Gawrelski: A couple of more kind of macro and competitive questions, please. First, could you just speak to where we are in the evolution of the consumer preference for goods versus services? Have you seen a normalization of that trend? And has there been any benefit yet in results? And then the second one, could you just speak about the competitive environment, especially in the kind of the lower end of the market, maybe where we've seen in the market where there have been some aggressive moves by China drop shippers. Anything you could touch on there, any impact you may be seeing and what actions you might be taking to combat those efforts?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, on the first one, clearly, inflation and rising are impacting discretionary demand. I think what makes our platform more resilient is that consumers can come here and find amazing values. So if you think about the refurbished category, which has been a focus category of ours, that grew double digits year-over-year and was the second largest contributor towards our focus category outperformance. In general, on the platform, we're seeing used growing faster than new. And that's what's great about eBay on the buy side. On the sell side, it is also a place to make extra income. And so we're really leaning into what we're doing on a C2C standpoint, including the new Magical Listing rollout because tougher economic times are an opportunity for us to bring more sellers onto the marketplace. When you think about the kind of a lower ASP market or the cross-border trade, as you mentioned, we noted that this quarter, we're actually seeing some strength in the cross-border trade of our business. That has to do with supply chain easing up and there being an opportunity for those sellers to export items in. And so we're actually seeing good health in what we're doing from a cross-border trade business. We've been doing a lot to enable that and make it easier. I talked about eBay international shipping, but we've also been rolling out new capabilities and payments over the past couple of quarters. with buyer and seller FX to make the payments process of that easier.  And we've been working on with some of our sellers to do forward deploying of our inventory which has just helped kind of ease some of that supply chain pressure. So overall, we feel really good about the values that people are getting from this and the initiatives that we're investing in to make it easier for our sellers to export items throughout the globe.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Deepak Mathivanan with Wolf Research.
Deepak Mathivanan: Two quick ones from us. First, can you add additional color on the factors driving strong trends in the first-party ads business? Are sellers also seeing additional performance gains or is this primarily driven by expansion in ad load in some of the areas of the website? And then second, on M&A, Steve, you alluded to kind of being acquisitive, how should we think about the appetite over the next few quarters? Are there any specific areas where you think there are additional opportunities?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So our first-party ads is really a success based on the execution of the team and what we're seeing in terms of return on ad spend. So this quarter, we grew 49% year-on-year.  Some of that is due to some one-time factors. Steve talked about the accounting change that we've had. We also talked about the halo attribution that we rolled out for sellers. But in general, it's really based on the success of the products and the innovation that we're seeing.  So if you look at our Promoted Listing Standard, it continues to be the workhorse of our advertising portfolio where we're driving more optimization and more relevance. And secondarily, when you look at our new products, they once again grew 30% quarter-over-quarter. They're the -- key one being Promoted Listings in Advanced. And the team continues to innovate to make it easier for sellers. So this quarter, we launched a feature called suggested campaign which makes it easier for sellers to add Promoted Listings Advanced to the work that they're already doing in advertising. And as we talked about, we now have 2.1 million sellers using the product and 800 million listings.  So we feel great about the growth that we're seeing there. As Steve commented, some of that gap will narrow because of some of these onetime factors, but we see revenue continuing to pace out GMV because of the success of what we're doing in ads. Steve, maybe you want to take the second one?
Stephen Priest: Yes. So we've been very thoughtful and considerate as we've looked to M&A, it's really to structurally improve the core marketplace. And so if you think about where we've , my shipment is really helping fuel and support the growth in parts and accessories, our biggest focus category. We recently launched in the TCG Player, which is supporting our trading card business. And Certilogo, which is the most recent acquisition really supporting our fashion category. So we've been very, very thoughtful about the entities that we lean into and partner with or we ultimately buy to really support the long-term sustainable growth of the platform, and we'll continue to be thoughtful. And as a group, we look at each potential acquisition on its merits and make the best decisions to drive long-term sustainable growth and shareholder value.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. And I'd just add, if you look at Certilogo as an example, it's a perfect acquisition for eBay. They have great relationships with brands. They're driving this ability to have these unique QR codes to make sure that products are authentic, and it's leading into a trend that we're seeing, frankly, two trends. One is the younger Gen Z consumer caring more about sustainability and preloved and what happens with garments. And frankly, governments and regulators, especially in Europe, making sure that products don't go into the landfill, but they get a second and third and fourth life, which drives consistently right into the strategy that we've been talking about as the pioneers of e-commerce and driving the circular economy and driving the benefits for the overall planet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Champion with Piper Sandler.
Thomas Champion: We were positively surprised by international GMV growth this quarter while domestic was maybe a little bit lower. Just curious, any context or one-timers to consider here? And Jamie, I'm curious with the marketplace essentially flat year-over-year for the first half, would it be reasonable to expect GMV to return to positive growth in '24.  Maybe for Steve. It's a more reserved year for buybacks. Any reason why you wouldn't monetize the Adevinta stake to bridge the gap between the current period and maybe a return to GMV growth? Any comments on those would be really helpful.
Stephen Priest: Tom, I'll pick up the first one and the third. I'll let Jamie comment on the second. So the first one with regards to international versus U.S. GMV dynamics, there's a couple of items that are worth reflecting on. As a reminder for you all, the GMV is reflected on the geography where the seller is domiciled, i.e., where the sale takes place.  So first, it's associated with lapping dynamics. If you recall, Europe, in particular, got hit harder as we sort of went through the awful events of the war in Ukraine and the economic fallout associated with that. And they got hurt earlier, and we started to lap through that versus the U.S. in the first half of 2022. Secondly, we saw the supply chain challenges that we're also lapping and the easing of those supply chains, particularly for our cross-border business that Jamie talked about earlier is helping drive international GMV momentum as we have an increase in cross-border trade, obviously fueled by some of the benefit from eBay international shipping.  The one thing I would say on the overall GMV basis, I continue to be very enthused by the overall level of momentum because we're leaning not only to focus category in the U.S. but also internationally, and those investments are bearing fruit across all of our geographies. Jamie, do you want to just touch on the other question before I talk about capital...
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, I think the momentum we're seeing is a reflection of the strategy that we have laid out and seeing it working. So if you think about focus categories, which was our largest one that we've -- we took on P&A, which was our largest one that we've taken on to date, having that grow mid-single digits, the category over $10 billion and be at market rates of growth speaks to the fact that we know how to roll out this playbook and make it successful. And frankly, we're continuing to invest back into categories that we've already launched because of the return that we're seeing. We feel good about things like what we're seeing in refurb with the double-digit growth, et cetera, the success that we're seeing in ads and payments.  So we're really happy with the momentum that we have there. As Steve talked about, we'll kind of deal through the macro pieces. But we're continuing to invest behind the strategy because we feel like it's working and the investments are really paying off for the customer and for shareholders.
Stephen Priest: Tom, specifically pertaining to your question on capital returns, we remain committed to the return of 125% of free cash flow as we talked about to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends between '22 and '24. As I look over the last 18 months, we've returned $4.4 billion to shareholders, which is 130% of free cash flow. Specifically around certain assets that we hold, I'm not going to share any specific details on any of our specific investment stakes, but it will continue to be our priority as it's always been to drive a disciplined approach and to maximize shareholder value through the investment portfolio.
Jamie Iannone: Operator, can we do one final question, please?
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Wesley Sanford: It's Wes on for Doug. Just a quick question on P&A. Outperformance has been solid, but just kind of curious what you're seeing on the supply side there or if you feel like you're constrained on any front on P&A.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. No, Wes, we're seeing good supply from our sellers in that category. I mean if you look overall in the business, supply is in great shape. We did.9 billion listings on the platform. We have over 500 million in P&A. The key for us has really been helping sellers make sense of -- I mean helping buyers make sense of all that inventory.  And as we roll out the new fitment changes, as we've rolled out guaranteed fitment, we're finding that the experience is just so much easier for all of our segments of key buyers, whether they're now using the My Garage feature on the site. We just launched these 2 new AI features which enable us to make the buying experience so much better.  Once we know your car, we can tell you, here's the key upgrades to do. We can help you with things like your engine codes. And look, this is the second quarter of mid-single-digit growth, which we believe is at market rates of growth. And so we're feeling great about that.  As I said, our buyers in P&A are growing double digits faster than the rest of the markets when you look at our new and reactivated buyers. So we're pleased with what we're seeing. We're continuing to invest and roll out new features and new capabilities. We're seeing particular strength in CBT right now. But overall, really pleased with what we're seeing in our motors P&A, and frankly, across our focus category portfolio.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation today. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Emma, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the eBay First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] John Egbert, Senior Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
John Egbert: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for eBay's first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'll remind you that during this conference call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect organic FX neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless indicated otherwise. During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 26, 2023. We do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased with our strong performance during the first quarter. We delivered better than expected results across our key financial and operating metrics despite continued challenges in the macro environment. Our emphasis on non-new-in-season goods, advancements of our focused category strategy, site-wide innovation for sellers and buyers and investments in trusted experiences have enhanced the durability of our marketplace and kept us on the path to achieving sustainable long-term growth. We generated over $18.4 billion of gross merchandise volume in Q1, representing a 3 point acceleration in organic year-over-year growth sequentially and over 4% organic growth versus the first quarter of 2019. Revenue eclipsed $2.5 billion and grew 2% organically, outpacing GMV by roughly 5 points, primarily due to contributions from advertising. Our operating margin was 29.6% and we delivered non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.11, up 5% year-over-year. Our financial results provide clear evidence that our strategy is working and driving underlying growth in our business. Our progress is most evident in focused categories, which outgrew the rest of our marketplace by roughly 8 points during Q1 and grew low-single digits year-over-year overall. Our largest focused category, motors, parts and accessories, or P&A, accelerated a few points sequentially and was the largest contributor to GMV growth in Q1. Based on the data we are seeing, we believe P&A grew at market rates of growth for this category during the quarter, which is a testament to the results that are possible when we are laser focused on driving customer satisfaction and awareness in even the largest categories. In February, we launched the eBay Guaranteed Fit program in the U.S., which enables millions of P&A shoppers to buy with confidence knowing their auto parts will fit or they'll receive their money back. We accompanied the launch with a full funnel marketing campaign across TV, streaming video, audio and social channels to drive awareness and consideration of this compelling trust unlock. We're pleased with the initial reception of the Guaranteed Fit program and are excited to extend it to the U.K. and German markets later this year. We also recently began a major revamp of how shoppers buy tires on eBay. We overhauled our tire installation experience on desktop and mobile web in Q4 and expanded the improved experience to mobile apps in Q1. Now buyers can more easily evaluate installation options as they browse and compare tires that fit their vehicle. Across five major markets, buyers can ship tires directly to one of over 10,000 local auto shops for installation rather than having to take delivery of these hard to transport items. While we are still in the early stages of connecting online sales to off-line installations in P&A, these initial launches are already driving a meaningful uplift in the attach rate of installation services to tire purchases. Within our focused categories, our eBay Refurbished program also continues to be a standout. In the current economic climate, our range of refurbished goods has proven to be more valuable than ever and consumers are increasingly aware of the sustainability benefits of purchasing these products. Building off its record holiday quarter, growth in eBay Refurbished GMV accelerated notably during Q1, posting double-digit year-over-year growth. We added dozens of new categories to the program last quarter, including computing and video game peripherals. We also signed up more brands and OEMs in existing categories to sell refurbished inventory directly on eBay. Additionally, in recent months, we've taken steps to make the onboarding process for small business sellers in the eBay Refurbished program faster and more scalable by automating elements of the sign-up and eligibility check processes. This is important because small business sellers make up the majority of refurbished goods sales on eBay and bring some of our most unique and valuable inventory to the platform. Our work to improve the site-wide experience on eBay continued to build momentum in the first quarter. While eBay has operated a core AI platform for years, an upgrade to this platform last year has meaningfully accelerated our AI development philosophy across multiple areas of our organization. In search, we continue to improve retrieval and ranking using state-of-the-art deep learning models and better leveraging the vast amount of structured listing data on our marketplace, which delivers more relevant choices to our buyers. A series of search deployments we made during Q1 led to a measurable uplift in conversion that we estimate would amount to roughly $1 billion in incremental GMV on an annualized basis. This demonstrates the value that a relatively small number of AI-powered enhancements can generate for a marketplace of our scale. Another key area of foundational improvement is our proprietary computer vision technology. With 1.8 billion live listings and billions more images from historical sales, eBay is one of the few companies in the world training deep neural networks using tens of billions of images directly linked to commercially relevant data elements. Leveraging these assets, our product team recently reengineered our visual similarity models, which has dramatically improved the speed and efficacy of image search on eBay. This change has driven more relevant search results and a substantial increase in adoption, image query volume and purchase behavior. It also enables new features like the See Visually Similar results module, we are testing within select subcategories of furniture and home decor. These capabilities are powerful unlocks in helping eBay buyers discover more of the unique and hard to describe items on our marketplace. For example, if you have an antique vase that breaks, you can now just take a picture of the pattern and find an exact match for a potential replacement on eBay. Our advancements in computer vision also have profound implications for the selling experience on eBay. Over the coming quarters, you'll see us testing new experiences, harnessing our improved visual and contextual understanding of product images to assist our sellers in listing products. For instance, sellers will soon be able to pre-populate categories and item specifics from a single photo, enabling them to spend less of their time inputting inventory and more on growing and managing their businesses. eBay is also well positioned to benefit from recent leaps forward in generative AI capabilities. We are in the process of integrating the ChatGPT API into our core listing flow and will soon launch a beta release of a plug-in that enables sellers to automatically generate text for their item description based on known product attributes. Generative AI has a number of exciting use cases outside of descriptions, and we're exploring numerous potential applications across our marketplace that can enable truly magical customer experiences. I'm excited to share more about these initiatives with you over the coming quarters. For store sellers, we recently launched a centralized tool, making it more seamless to publish and promote their listings across social media. This new feature is integrated into the Seller Hub and makes it easier to bulk post across several popular social channels with content that is automatically optimized for each medium, including engaging carousels that allow shoppers to browse multiple listings in a single post. Thousands of store sellers have already linked their social accounts to date, and on average, they observed 40% higher click through rates on content published using this new tool versus what was previously available. Last quarter, we talked to you about the February rollout of our new eBay International Shipping program, which makes it as easy for eBay sellers to ship from Silicon Valley to Sydney as it is to ship to St. Louis. The revamped program is not only making cross-border trade more seamless and cost effective for sellers and buyers, but it also improves trust in eBay's coordination of the end-to-end shipping process. During Q1, we fully ramped this program to sellers in the U.S. and migrated 100% of listings from our previous global shipping program. While its early days for the new program, we're already observing a positive impact on customer satisfaction. Over the long term, we believe eBay International Shipping will increase cross border inventory available to buyers, improve sales velocity and price realization for sellers and ultimately drive incremental GMV. Now transitioning to advertising. Our advertising business continues to deliver robust growth at scale despite challenges in the broader digital ad market. Strong demand for Promoted Listings drove first-party advertising revenue of $285 million, up 31% or more than 30 points faster than GMV growth for the third straight quarter. Total advertising revenue grew 23% to $317 million. During Q1, over 2 million sellers adopted single ad products, and we reached more than 750 million live Promoted Listings. Our standard CPA product was once again the largest contributor to advertising growth, benefiting from continued optimization and performance improvement. In Q1, we rolled out a new machine learning model for ranking CPA ads that improved sales philosophy for sellers and conversion for buyers. This ranking model also enables us to evaluate the expected performance of multiple ad products alongside each other rather than making ad-serving decisions in silos. This change will be beneficial as we continue to expand our multiproduct advertising portfolio. Our emerging Promoted Listings products also continued to scale and grew mid-single digits quarter-over-quarter during the seasonally slower Q1. This growth was led by Promoted Listings Advanced, our cost per click format, which benefited from an upgraded relevance model deployed in the quarter as well as the inclusion of CPC ads within more of our existing ad services. Now let's discuss the impact we're having on the communities we serve. I'm pleased that we continue to make meaningful progress on our key ESG initiatives. Just yesterday, we published our seventh Annual Diversity Equity and Inclusion report. This report provides insight into our four strategic objectives: increase representation, cultivate a sense of belonging, engage our communities and allies, and build inclusive technology. These objectives help us build a richly diverse, truly equitable and fiercely inclusive place to buy, sell and work. We have seen a steady increase in the number of women and underrepresented minorities in all levels enrolled since 2020, with women representing 42% of our global workforce. I'm also proud to report eBay's gender pay equity is at 100% globally. The next here I would like to highlight is around reducing our impact on the planet. Two years ago, we set ambitious long-term science based targets. In 2022, we reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 7% versus 2021 and by 32% from our baseline in 2019. We also continue to make progress on our Scope 3 reduction goal. Lastly, 91% of our energy now comes from renewable sources and we remain a carbon-neutral company. You can find more details about our sustainability programs in our annual impact report coming out next month. In addition, we continue to partner with other organizations across the industry to make an even bigger impact on sustainability. Throughout 2022, we partnered with some of our e-commerce peers to encourage the U.S. Postal Service to adopt more innovative and sustainable shipping practices for small businesses. Our efforts culminated in a letter published in February 2023 congratulating USPS for their commitment to exclusively purchasing electric delivery vehicles by 2026. This shift not only helps the environment but also our customers by enabling lower costs and other benefits offered by an all-electric delivery fleet. Turning to eBay for Charity. The eBay community continues to demonstrate its tremendous generosity, and I'm always impressed by the contributions from this program. In Q1, eBay for Charity raised over $38 million, up 3% year-over-year. During the quarter, the program continued to support important initiatives like a Black History Month sneaker campaign, highlighting Black sneaker designers and influencers. Additionally, during Q1, the eBay Foundation committed $11 million to non-profit organizations advancing inclusive entrepreneurship. The foundation also supported disaster relief efforts with employee contributions and matching gifts. All of these efforts combined demonstrate our purpose driven community and we are honored to be recognized for our progress. Newsweek recognized eBay for our efforts around diversity in the workplace as well as our customer service. Additionally, eBay was once again included in JUST Capital and CNBC's list of America's Most Just Companies, which measures corporate performance and efforts in areas such as climate change, DE&I and employee wellness. Lastly, we were ranked among some of the top companies on S&P's Global Sustainability Yearbook, which distinguishes companies for their strengths in corporate sustainability. In closing, Q1 was another strong quarter for eBay. We exceeded our quarterly financial commitments while making significant progress against our long-term objectives. Our focused categories grew roughly 8 points faster than the rest of our marketplace, led by an acceleration in the P&A category, which reached market rates of growth in Q1. Our core AI platform has dramatically improved our tech velocity, leading to accelerated innovation in areas like search, computer vision, generative AI and advertising. We continue to find more ways to leverage our scale for the benefit of sellers, most recently with our eBay International Shipping program. This initiative is reducing costs, alleviating friction and improving trust for cross border transactions. And ultimately, we believe it will lead to more of our sellers' unique inventory being made available globally. And we continue to make meaningful progress with our pay equity, representation efforts, charitable contributions made through our platform and our impact on the environment. Lastly, I'd like to thank our talented eBay employees who have been relentlessly focused on raising the bar for innovation and service to our customers. I'm also grateful I was able to meet and personally connect with a number of our sellers during my travels last quarter. Hearing their feedback and seeing the impact eBay is having on their businesses is truly inspiring. Our sellers, along with our enthusiast buyers truly make eBay a more vibrant marketplace and community. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Stephen Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with highlights from the first quarter on Slide 9 of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll walk through our key operating and financial metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our outlook for the second quarter and some additional thoughts on the second half of the year before we begin Q&A. As usual, my comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons on an organic FX neutral basis unless I note otherwise. Overall, I am pleased with our Q1 results as our key financial metrics exceeded expectations despite navigating a challenging macro environment for e-commerce. Gross merchandise volume was down 3% to $18.4 billion, improving 3 points sequentially, while FX was a 3 point headwind to reported year-over-year growth. Revenue was up 2% to approximately $2.5 billion, which outpaced volume by 5 points due primarily to continued momentum within our advertising business. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29.6%, down 2.8 points year-over-year due to volume deleverage and continued investment in product innovation and full funnel marketing to support our strategic initiatives. We delivered $1.11 of non-GAAP earnings per share, up 5% year-over-year. And we generated $709 million of free cash flow, up 30% year-over-year, while returning $384 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Our Q1 results demonstrate the strength and durability of our scaled global marketplace during periods of economic uncertainty, as well as the meaningful impact our strategic initiatives are having on our long-term growth trajectory. Let's take a closer look at our financial performance during the first quarter. Gross merchandise volume of $18.4 billion was down 3% year-over-year on an organic FX neutral basis or down 2%, including the impact of recent M&A. Organic GMV growth accelerated by 3 points sequentially in Q1, driven by continued outperformance in focused categories, strong initiative delivery within horizontal areas like search and healthy ROI on our marketing investments. The sequential improvement was also aided by the lapping of last year's macro downturn midway through the first quarter. FX represents the 3 point headwind on to reported year-over-year GMV growth, which is roughly 0.5 point worse than the implied headwind in our Q1 outlook but an improvement of 3 points versus Q4. As noted last quarter, we estimate one-time factors contributed roughly $100 million to GMV in Q1, which we primarily attribute to CBT sellers keeping stores open during the Lunar New Year. Our focused categories continue to drive underlying growth in our business, a trend that is becoming more visible as macro-related pressures subside. Focused categories outgrew the remainder of our marketplace by roughly 8 points during Q1. In aggregate, focused categories delivered positive low-single digit growth in Q1 as our business accelerated overall. Motors, parts, accessories, or P&A, was once again the largest contributor to growth in our focus categories. P&A GMV accelerated by a few points sequentially in Q1, climbing to what we believe are market rates of growth for this category in our largest markets. P&A momentum has benefited from multiple quarters of product and fitment investments as well as full funnel marketing aimed at raising awareness and consideration among all shoppers. Growth in refurbished goods accelerated a healthy double-digit growth in Q1, meaningfully contributing to our focused category outperformance. In support of our luxury categories, we recently leaned into paid, owned and earned media to grow awareness of our authenticity guarantee program with a particular focus on millennials and Gen Z. Although this campaign has just started, it has already improved perceptions of eBay as a trusted place to shop for high ASP items. Now looking at our business on a geographic basis. U.S. GMV was down 5% organically in Q1, accelerating by roughly 5 points versus the prior quarter, driven by strength in our focused categories and moderating lapping pressures. Diminishing headwinds to global supply chains and overall strength in cross border trade did favor imports over domestic sales among U.S. buyers in Q1. International GMV declined 1% on an FX-neutral basis, accelerating by roughly 3 points sequentially, benefiting from robust cross-border trade, particularly within P&A as well as outperformance in our other focused categories. Although key macro indicators like GDP and e-commerce growth remained notably weaker outside of the U.S., business conditions appeared relatively stable quarter-over-quarter internationally. Moving to active buyers. 133 million active buyers shopped on eBay during the trailing 12 months ending in March. We had 131 million active buyers, excluding recent M&A and buyers from our Turkey business, where we ceased operations last July. Excluding these impacts, active buyers were down less than 1 million sequentially. We continue to see stabilization in our active buy account driven by buyer reactivation initiatives and particular strength in P&A. In aggregate, new and reactivated buyers showed positive year-over-year growth for the third straight quarter, while new buyer growth was positive for the first time in eight quarters. Enthusiast buyers remained relatively stable sequentially at 16 million in Q1 as migration patterns between buyer groups continued to modestly improve. Enthusiast buyers make up roughly 70% of GMV on eBay and on average, to spend approximately $3,000 annually. Turning to revenue. Net revenue of $2.5 billion represented organic FX neutral growth of 2% year-over-year, accelerating by more than 3 points versus Q4. Total FX neutral revenue growth, including M&A was 3%, while currency was a 2 point headwind to reported growth. Our take rate was 13.6%, down roughly 20 basis points sequentially but up over 80 basis points year-over-year. Excluding the impact of currency, our take rate would have risen quarter-over-quarter as FX represented a headwind of roughly 35 basis points. In terms of the drivers of take rate, recent M&A and the rollout of eBay International Shipping program and aggregate contributed roughly 10 basis points to our sequential take rate in Q1. Managed payments was modestly accretive to our sequential take rate, driven by new financial services. Our ads business continues to deliver impressive results and drive revenue in excess of volume growth. Total advertising revenue grew 23% during the quarter, while first-party ads grew 31%, outpacing volume by more than 30 points for the third straight quarter. This delta was driven by optimization and performance improvements within our standard Promoted Listings product, paired with healthy growth in emerging products like advanced and external Promoted Listings. Moving to profitability. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29.6% in Q1, down 2.8 points year-over-year. Gross margins were roughly flat year-over-year as modest volume deleverage and roughly 0.5 point of pressure from the rollout of eBay International Shipping were offset by monetization efficiencies. Sales and marketing rose by over 1 point as a percentage of revenue year-over-year in Q1, and we continue investing in full funnel marketing to support our focused categories. Product development rose by 1.3 points as we continue to hire product and engineering talent to accelerate innovation on the platform. Our G&A expense rose by roughly 1 point, driven by M&A, higher employee spend and volume deleverage. We generated $1.11 of non-GAAP earnings per share in Q1, up 5% year-over-year, benefiting from a 9% reduction in share count from our repurchases. We delivered GAAP earnings per share of $1.05, aided by a modest recovery in our equity investment portfolio. Turning to our balance sheet and capital allocation. Free cash flow grew 30% to $709 million in Q1 as beneficial working capital items offset lower cash earnings. Our balance sheet position remains robust as we ended the quarter with cash and non-equity investments of $5 billion and gross debt of $7.7 billion, following a $1.2 billion debt repayment in January. We repurchased roughly $250 million of shares at an average price of approximately $46 during Q1 and have roughly $2.6 billion remaining under our current buyback authorization. We paid a quarterly cash dividend of $134 million in March or $0.25 per share. Our investment portfolio is detailed on Slide 19 of our earnings presentation. Our equity investments and warrants were valued at over $3.5 billion at the end of the quarter. This represents an increase in value sequentially, driven primarily by the recovery in our Adevinta shares. Moving on to our outlook. For the second quarter, we forecast GMV between $17.8 billion and $18.2 billion, representing organic FX neutral growth between negative 5% and negative 2% year-over-year. This outlook anticipates an FX headwind to reported GMV growth of over 0.5 point. We expect to generate revenue between $2.47 billion to $2.54 billion, representing organic FX neutral growth between 1% and 4% year-over-year. We anticipate non-GAAP operating margin to fall between 26.1% and 26.8%. And we forecast non-GAAP earnings per share between $0.96 and $1.01, representing EPS growth between negative 3% and positive 2% year-over-year. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, our Q2 guidance range implies total FX neutral GMV growth of negative 4% to negative 2%. Given persistent macro challenges around the world, we believe it is prudent to prepare for continued uncertainty. First, we continue to plan our business around the assumption that GMV trends in the second half of 2023 roughly approximate the sequential growth we observed in 2022, excluding the impact of currency, starting from our Q2 spot GMV guidance range. For the full year, we expect to grow total non-GAAP expenses, inclusive of cost of revenue, by approximately mid-single digits year-over-year on a spot basis. The majority of this change versus our prior outlook or more than 2 points of the delta is driven by the impact of the weakening U.S. dollar on expenses in foreign currency, which also increases GMV and revenue. The remainder is driven by incremental investments in product and full funnel marketing as we're encouraged by the strong returns on the investments we've seen year-to-date. We continue to expect our take rate to expand organically in 2023, excluding the impact of FX, driven primarily by continued momentum within our advertising business. As we noted last quarter, our expense forecast contemplates one-time impacts from recent M&A and the rollout of eBay International Shipping. These one-time factors in aggregate are expected to represent a year-over-year headwind to operating margin of approximately 100 basis points as compared to our 2022 P&L. Notably, we expect the eBay International Shipping program to generate positive operating profit dollars in 2023 and approach our corporate operating margin percentage by Q4. The costs for this program have been in line with expectations to date. And since they are almost entirely variable, they can be passed through to customer facing shipping fees with a predictable margin for eBay. Our expense growth forecast is net of more than $100 million of OpEx savings from our structured cost program as we look inward for cost efficiencies in our business. With minimal noise from FX, our other income and expense reported in Q1 should be a reasonable baseline for the remaining quarters of 2023. We continue to estimate our non-GAAP tax rate will remain at 16.5% throughout 2023. Lastly, if foreign currencies were to hold at today's rates, FX would represent a de minimis impact to GMV and a 2 point to 3 point headwind for non-GAAP EPS in 2023 as we lap hedging gains from the prior year. In closing, Q1 was another strong quarter for eBay. We exceeded expectations for GMV, revenue and EPS amid a dynamic global operating environment for e-commerce. Our focused categories continue to drive underlying growth in our business, while horizontal innovation in areas like search and International Shipping supports our marketplace overall. Our disciplined approach to full funnel marketing has fueled growth in new and reactivated buyers and improved awareness and consideration in focused categories. Advertising growth continues to be robust as first-party ads outpaced GMV by more than 30 points for the third straight quarter due to continued adoption and optimization gains. We generated $709 million of free cash flow, returned $384 million to shareholders through repurchasing dividends and reduced our net share count sequentially. And importantly, we continue to develop programs that support our communities, and we are making steady progress towards reducing our impact on the planet. I would like to thank our employees for their continued focus on operational excellence, which has enabled us to navigate short-term macro challenges while continuing to drive our business towards sustainable, long-term growth. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Nikhil Devnani with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Nikhil Devnani: Great. Thank you both for taking my questions. So I had a couple around expenses and margins. On the 2023 expense outlook, it looks like that's increased from about 2% growth this year to now mid-single digits. Could you maybe provide some more specifics around what's changed in that outlook and where you now expect to spend a little bit more? And then I had a second question on margins that I'll ask after. Thanks.
Stephen Priest: Hi, Nikhil. Steve here. Great to speak to you, and thank you for the question. As you are more than aware, we're not fully guiding the full year at this point due to the uncertainty of the current macro environment. But let me give you a little bit of color with regards to the expense commentary that we shared on the call. Last quarter, when we talked to the markets, we talked about targeting total expense growth for 2023 of approximately 2% increase with onetime factors, as we talked about, like M&A and the rollout of eBay International Shipping, contributed a significant amount of that year-over-year expense growth. The mid-single digit guide that we provided you with today assumes the current weaker U.S. dollar exchange rate that we've seen continues for the remainder of the year. This FX impact accounts for the majority of the delta versus the prior outlook. And obviously, we will have corresponding positive impact on both GMV and revenue. In addition, the top line performance of the first quarter, we are pleased with the levels of execution that we had during the quarter, is providing us with incremental investment capacity for 2023. And so you're seeing us continue to invest in the business because we're getting such a strong return on investment as we go forward. And this is really aiding towards our drive towards long-term sustainable growth.
Nikhil Devnani: Thanks. And maybe just a big picture one on margins as you look out further. Obviously, there's a lot of important reinvestment happening. Business mix, I think, has also changed between M&A, payments, shipping. But you have some tailwinds into the take rate as well. So when you kind of step back, what is the right long-term structure for this business? I mean, should we still think about it as being a low-30s EBIT margin profile or should we approach it differently now? Thank you.
Stephen Priest: As you can imagine, Nikhil, we haven't guided long-term margins. I think what I would say is I'm very encouraged by the earnings power of eBay, both from ultimately driving improved net earnings and ultimately strong free cash flow coming over the business. The things that we're thinking about as we go in '23, margin will be a function of the underlying GMV momentum, which is ultimately impacted by the macro environment that we operate in. As weve talked about, the impact of recent M&A where were leaning in on the EIS program, that will drive long-term increases in operating income for eBay will drive about 100 basis points of margin dilution in 23. And as weve said, were going to continue to lean into the short term and drive operational efficiencies through the structural cost program. And were well on track and slightly above the $100 million that we laid out for 2023. That enables us, as I said earlier, to reinvest in the business and drive long-term sustainable growth for eBay.
Nikhil Devnani: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the questions and hope everyone on the team is well. I wanted to come back to the comments you made on the focused category marketing spend, and maybe just a multi-parter on that one theme. Can you give us some greater level of granularity of what avenues of deploying those marketing spends are delivering sort of higher versus lower ROIs? And how should we be thinking about how that spend might evolve in the years ahead and when measuring that spend and trying to look at it from the outside in, what do you think we should be monitoring the most to qualify the sort of return on that spend? Is it enthusiast buyer growth? Is it enthusiast buyer behavior? How should we be thinking about what the return on that spend will be over a multiyear time frame? Thanks so much.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Look, the first thing I'd point to, Eric is the 8-point outperformance of focused categories over the rest of the business. In these areas where we're investing in, we're seeing the right types of growth. When I look at a category like P&A, which is our largest full funnel marketing to date, you look at the results this quarter, where we're at market rates of growth and we're really excited by what we're seeing there. I think enthusiast buyers as well in the quarter and active buyers were strong. For the third straight quarter, we had an aggregate new and reactivated buyers growing positively. And our new buyer growth was positive for the first time in eight quarters. And let me give you an example of how that ties into marketing. So in P&A, where we've had this large full funnel marketing campaign, new and reactivated buyers actually grew double-digits faster than the overall marketplace during the quarter. So this has been a shift for us that weve been talking about all along, which is moving from just lower funnel optimization to more full funnel, driving long-term consideration, which takes a little bit of time. But the results that were seeing off of that spend are great and are creating a really healthy business as evidenced by what were seeing in the focused category outperformance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Wesley Sanford: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. This is Wes on for Doug. Maybe one for Steve and one for Jamie. I think the gross margins were a little bit of a bigger headwind sequentially this quarter than we were thinking on the EIS rollout. Did you roll it out faster than you had originally anticipated and how should we think about gross margins as we go through the rest of the year? And then maybe one for Jamie a little separately but had been talking a lot around eBay Live and kind of what you're doing in the collectible space. So was just hoping to learn a little bit more about what -- how you're looking to go after the category beyond trading cards and comics looking ahead. Thanks.
Stephen Priest: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Steve here. I'll pick up the first question. EIS is -- we fully ramped the program for the existing sellers on our global buying hub this quarter. And we're obviously at the very early stage of the global ramp. In terms of your specific question around gross margins, they are exactly in line with what we'd expected about a 50 basis point impact on gross margin in the quarter. The great thing about this program as you go forward, although it has an impact on gross margins because of the way that we account for EIS, it generates good bottom line momentum for eBay and it's strategically important, and it also gives us the ability to dial up our charges depending on what the costs we incur for the International Shipping. On a longer-term basis, we expect this program to be accretive to overall profit for the year. And at the end of the year, as we get to the fourth quarter, it will approach our core margin structure for the overall business.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. And then on live commerce, this is something we began experimenting with Q2 of last year, hosting a few pilots and experimenting with it throughout Q2. We did expand it into luxury in Q4 with some events for handbags and jewelry. We also created a central hub and discovery entry point for our live commerce events in Q4, which means now users can subscribe to a specific channel or receive updates and notifications of upcoming events. This year, we hosted about 15 eBay Live events with over $500,000 of in-event GMV across collectibles and luxuries. And at the end of March, we started hosting our first short auctions, think like 30 seconds for handbags and collectibles. In general, these are getting 5,000 and 15,000 buyers. We're seeing great engagement from that standpoint so we're going to continue to pilot and learn and experiment with this technology, but exciting initial results thus far.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Morton with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Michael Morton: Thank you. Thank you for the question. I was wondering if we could maybe dig a little bit deeper on the spend buckets you're clearly investing in the business and the returns you're seeing there. And also how it could be feeding into the improvement and the decline rate for active buyers? And any color you could give us on the buyer level maybe inflecting, starting to grow going forward? And then just the second question is, there's this macro environment we're all living in. Any changes in behavior you're seeing around your luxury products, trade down, new buyers coming who might have purchased new? Anything around that would be great. Thank you.
Stephen Priest: Mike, Steve here. Thank you for the question, Michael. I'll kick off with the first one and then Jamie can pick up the second one, perhaps. Specifically with regards to where the investments are going, as you would expect, it's in terms of identifying what customers want and building the products that delight them and turning them about then to our full funnel approach to marketing. And so the investments that we're taking forward is really developing tremendous products on eBay. In the last couple of years, we've really pivoted our marketing spend to full funnel. And you've seen the fruits of our labor. Think about Jamie's prepared comments around the fact that we're growing at market rates in parts and accessories. We're seeing high double-digit growth with regards to refurbished business for the second quarter on the balance as a result of the investments that we're making. There's obviously a good correlation between our enthusiast buyers and the focused categories that we're going forward with in terms of our frequency coming to eBay and the levels of spend going forward. But what we're delighted with in terms of, again, what we're seeing with the buyers is the reactivation of our NORBs or new or reactivated buyers as we call them at eBay, where they're coming back to our platform as a result of the investments that we're making. Jamie, perhaps you pick up on the luxury question.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Just in general, our luxury and fashion focused categories and on aggregate accelerated in line with our business overall. We continue to expand brand coverage on the platform, et cetera. So think about kind of very similar to what I said last quarter, which is some, a little bit of ASP pressure really made up for by the volume that were seeing on the platform. In general, our shift to non-new-in-season and that focus has really helped us in this environment because people are looking for values. And the ones that they can get on our platform make us much more resilient from that standpoint.
Michael Morton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. So first on EIS, we understand the accounting implications on margins, but can you elaborate on what's driving the profitability improvement from this program over the next few quarters? How do you think about kind of the long-term investments that's required to support this initiative? And then wanted to go back to the focused categories. It was nice to see that nicely outperform the total growth. But can you provide some color maybe on certain categories kind of on a same-store sales basis so that we can see how some of the categories where you launched these initiatives earlier or currently trending maybe like sneakers, handbags, luxury watches and so on? And then how should we sort of think about the sustainability of the strength in P&A for the next few quarters? Thank you so much.
Stephen Priest: No problem, Deepak. So in terms of eBay International Shipping, both got really great strategic benefits but also good sort of financial benefits. So if I take a step back, think about our cross-border trade, which accounts for about 20% of the sales that take place on eBay. And as we came into the eBay International Shipping program, only about 50% of our 1.8 billion listings on the platform are available for global trade. And so we looked through the lens of how do we increase the level of inventory to the global buyers on eBay? And eBay international Shipping certainly facilitates that. The beauty of the program is that we have gone from an agent to a principal. It gives us much greater control over the overall process. So it enables us to drive greater levels of trust, particularly for our sellers. It enables us, with the size and scale of eBay, to leverage much better contracts in terms of the shippers. And it also enables us to pass through any increases in cost through to the shipping program and the sales that go forward. And so as you said, there's an accounting change because of the agent to principal relationship where we recognize both the gross revenue and the cost. And previously, it was net revenue. But as we said in our prepared comments, it's a good -- it provides good earnings dollars growth for eBay, and we would expect by the fourth quarter for it to mirror the margin profile of the wider business at that point. Jamie, over to you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Just on focused categories, I'd say a couple of things. One is, overall, focused categories outperformed the rest of the business by 8 percentage points, so we're definitely seeing the impact of the strategy. A couple of standouts is one, we've already talked about it, but motors, parts and accessories hitting market rates of growth for us was really happening kind of sooner than we thought. I talked about luxury already kind of being a stable growth vector for us. And then maybe the other one I'd highlight for you is just refurbished. Our Refurbished business grew double digits in the quarter. That's really coming off of a healthy Q4 where we had our largest week ever with Refurbished and Cyber. And I think that's two-fold. One is the value proposition that we provide in that focused category is pretty compelling. And two is we're continuing to invest in bringing new brands, making the process easier for small businesses to come on with their refurbished products and we're backing it up with a great trust guarantee. On parts and accessories, I'd just say that we actually feel really good about the growth rates that we're seeing there, probably happening even sooner than we thought. We just launched Guaranteed Fit a few months ago. And I've always said these things take a couple of quarters to really have the impact on the consumer in really kind of changing the trust equation, but we're seeing a lot of great movement from that perspective already. So I talked about the buyers on the platform in P&A, New and reactivated buyers in that category are growing double digits faster than the overall marketplace. So it makes me really excited for the future of what we're going to do in P&A. And just like in other categories, we're not done investing. We'll continue to roll out new innovations that are really relevant for that parts and accessory buyer on eBay.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trevor Young with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Trevor Young: Great. Thanks. First, just dovetailing on one of the earlier questions on luxury. Just bigger picture, what are like the two or three things that might bring luxe buyers and sellers to eBay versus some of the smaller competitor platforms that are focused on that category? Just trying to understand like what helps eBay win. And then on a different category, home and garden, I think it's still 1 of the top five on the platform but hasn't really migrated into focused. Is that an opportunity over the next two to three years to maybe carve out some pockets within, therefore some more curated selection and unique inventory or is that just too broad of a category to really drive those enthusiast buyers?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So I'd say just first on the benefits of eBay, one is the scale. So when products coming to luxury on eBay, they're available in 190 different markets around the world with 130 million plus buyers from that standpoint. So that's a massive advantage. Now that we have authenticity guarantee across our handbags, it basically takes trust off of the table and makes eBay an amazing destination to buy those items. The third thing I'd say is, we have really competitive fees from that standpoint. So if you're looking to sell those products, it's very attractive. I was talking to one of our sellers in handbags who did a live commerce event with us this past quarter and was just really excited by the results and the buyer demand that we were able to bring to something like that. The other unique benefit that we have on eBay is across categories. So we're bringing in buyers not just from handbag buyers but buyers across other categories on the platform and bringing them into handbags. So for our business, the average handbag buyer who buys a handbag over $500, they're going to spend $2,600 in handbags, but then they're going to end up spending $5,600 in other categories in the platform, and that's a really unique advantage for us on the platform. In terms of your questions on home and garden, I'd go back to what I said at Investor Day, which is we have five categories that are over 10 billion, home and garden being one of them, fashion being another, P&A. And so P&A was the largest one we've taken on to date and we've seen really good results. And I've said that every focused category -- I mean, every category that we have, we believe that we can apply the playbook to over time on the platform. So we don't like to get ahead of announcing where we're going for competitive reasons. But we believe this playbook and, in fact, is what we're seeing in P&A is applicable to even our largest categories.
Trevor Young: Thats helpful. Thank you, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Schenk with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Lauren Schenk: Great. Thanks. And two, if I can. Just one on the expense side. Is there a way that you could help us think about what percentage of your expense base is not denominated in U.S. dollars? I just thought it would be a relatively small portion. And then secondly, it's encouraging to see that new and reactivated customer growth is up. But just given the slight decline in buyers, I mean, consistent with last quarter, does that imply churn? Is that as well? And if so, is that isolated in any specific categories? Thanks very much.
Stephen Priest: Hi, Lauren. I'll pick up the first point. We don't disclose the mix of our sort of currencies. I'd refer you to the overall shape of the business from a global perspective and think about the fact that roughly half of our overall business is generated out of International and half out of the U.S. But we don't specifically disclose the dynamics of that. We obviously talk about the impacts of currency on the overall business, which you can probably triangulate back into. Jamie, go to the question.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Lauren, I would say our active buyer count is exactly where we expected it to be. Ive been talking for several quarters about some near-term pressure that we thought we would see based on the macro environment, but that I thought we would see stabilization in the metric, and thats exactly what were seeing here is that were acquiring buyers in the right way now. Were building and turning them into enthusiast buyers, and our enthusiast buyers are buying 70% of the GMV on the platform. And so were excited that we saw kind of a more modest change in stabilization. And the P&A stats that I talked about with buyers is also really encouraging because it shows when we invest, were actually seeing what we want to see with new and reactivated buyers on the platform. So as things change from that standpoint, well continue to update you, but we actually feel really great about whats happening on the buying side.
Lauren Schenk: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you so much. So I think you talked about the case for International Shipping to be a profit center by the end of the year. But on the other hand, there are a lot of companies out there that use shipping savings as a promotional tool. So do you think there are opportunities for you to underwrite some of these costs to do the same or maybe come up with tools to aid the seller to run shipping discounts as an incremental way to promote their listings on eBay? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Look, we've always considered shipping as variable, so we can pass through those expenses to the seller from that standpoint. What we give them is the benefits of scale. So when you look at eBay's scale advantages in being able to work with providers from that standpoint and being able to manage things efficiently. When you buy your label through eBay as an example, you're getting a very good discount versus what you would pay if you just walked in and tried to do those shipments on your own. And so we're going to continue to bring our scale to benefits like this. This one is really about opening up that inventory. So we wanted to almost be invisible to the seller based in the geography that they're shipping internationally. So the example I talked about is, if I'm sitting in Manhattan, I can ship a product that's actually going to Spain, but it will feel like I'm shipping a product to Albany because we take care of everything in the background. So it's really about that 20% of GMV that we do in cross-border. As Steve said, less than half of our inventory is available to go across borders. And this is really about creating that unlock. And it's, frankly, one of the powerful weapons of eBay is because as even a casual seller on the platform, we open up such massive worldwide scale demand for you in 190 different countries. So think about the EIS kind of similar to ads or payments. It's us leveraging our scale for the benefit of our sellers.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks. One on the macro, maybe one on ads if I could. So I guess how, if at all, have you seen consumer patterns shift in the wake of the recent banking crisis? And if there's been any sort of different reaction either more or less pronounced in the U.S. versus international markets, that would be helpful. And then maybe on the advertising side of the business. Jim, you talked about growing the number of services in which you were able to place CPC ads as a driver of Promoted Listings Advanced in the quarter. When you think about the path forward from here, how far are you into the journey, would you say, in terms of rolling out CPC-enabled ads across the entire eBay platform? I guess said differently, how much more runway do you see for CPC-enabled ad load growth from here?
Stephen Priest: Hi, Lee. I'll pick up the macro question. Obviously, we've extensively talked about the impacts of macro on our first quarter earnings, the perspectives of the guide for the second. We haven't seen any discernible change in the underlying dynamic macro environment. From a geographical perspective, as you recall, as we came into the end of the first quarter last year and the awful events of the war in Ukraine, and Europe started to get impacted sooner than the U.S., particularly because of energy prices and the levels of consumer discretionary spend pressure. Obviously, that's caused some differential in the lapping behaviors. We've gone through and start to go through 2023. But no underlying discernible change in the overall macro environment.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. And Lee, what I'd say on the PL Advanced or our CPC-based business is, in Q1, we updated our [indiscernible] model, training it on CPC-specific data. That helped us present higher quality impressions and more GMV for the same number of impressions on the site. We also expanded CPC to the second row of ad placements within search results, which was previously only available to CPA. So it's still early in our CPC development. We're excited about these innovations. We also built some new technologies this quarter that helped us do better real-time evaluation between CPA and CPC. But what I would say is that we're well on track to the numbers that we outlined at Investor Day. And we think a big component of that in terms of new products is the Product Listings Advanced product and happy with the continued innovation quarter-after-quarter to kind of drive towards those targets.
John Egbert: Operator, can we do one last question, please?
Operator: Certainly, your last question comes from the line of Ygal Arounian with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Ygal Arounian: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. One more on the advertising side and then maybe I'll just ask about buybacks. So advertising is coming in really nicely ahead of GMV. It looks like it's accelerated nicely ahead of our expectations. And obviously, we've got the legacy products and some of the newer products coming on. But has your outlook on the opportunity changed? Is it being pulled forward to a certain extent, maybe the macro environment leading to more sellers spending more on advertising to try to drive sales? So any incremental color on kind of what's moving the needle there? And then just on buybacks, expectations or use for the rest of the year, how you guys are thinking about it? Just any other color there.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Look, advertising once again outpaced volume by 33 percentage points, driven by what we're doing in optimizing product listings across both standard and our more advanced products. We continue to think we have a long runway ahead of us for advertising. And I'd point to a couple of things. One is, we continue to see nice quarter-over-quarter growth in our new advertising products, that's External Express and Promoted Listings Advanced. The second thing I'd say is that we have a variable model where sellers can set their rates. And we're seeing really good ROAS for our sellers. So when we look at the return on ad spend that they're seeing, once they start using our ad products, their sales are basically seeing a double-digit increase. And more importantly, when you look at the ROAS that they can get on eBay, it's very attractive relative to industry standards. So as I said before, we feel like we're on track and executing towards the goals that we laid out. We feel like we're doing a nice job of balancing the buying experience and keeping that incredibly healthy and strong conversion while continuing to drive our ads business. And finally, we're just making the product easier to use. So quarter-after-quarter, we've built new products. Most recently, we've built a quick setup, a product for our CPC-based product to make that easier to use. And we continue to build up new reporting tools for our advertising sellers. So we're excited by where we are and the potential that's ahead. Steve, do you want to take the next part?
Stephen Priest: Yeah. Hi, Ygal. What I would say is that our first priority, as we always say is to invest in the long-term growth of the business through our build, buy, partner framework and because we see that as the best opportunities to drive long-term returns for shareholders. The beauty of the eBay model is because of the strength of the financial model and the strong free cash flow that we [indiscernible] gives us the ability to do both in terms of investing in the business and return capital. As you know, we returned $250 million to investors through buybacks in the first quarter in addition to the $0.25 dividend. We haven't guided our capital returns for the rest of the year, but we will continue to be balanced and thoughtful about the approach. We have committed to offset dilution and we'll continue to do that through the year. And then beyond that, we'll be opportunistic in both the timing and magnitude of any further capital returns.
Ygal Arounian: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the eBay Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Egbert, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
John Egbert : Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us for eBay's fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Jamie's and Steve's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during this conference call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in our accompanying slide presentation. Additionally, all growth rates noted in our prepared remarks will reflect FX neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless indicated otherwise. During this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of February 22, 2023, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, John. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 2022 was a year of consistent execution for eBay, as we made significant progress against our long-term objectives. Our focused categories drove underlying growth in our business, as we expanded global coverage for our 16 million Enthusiast Buyers. In motors, parts and accessories, or P&A, growth accelerated as we improved our fitting capabilities, increased supply of OEM parts and enhanced trust signals for buyers. We extended authentication to new categories like trading cards and fine jewelry and opened authentication centers in several new countries for handbags. We opened the Vault to store and usually transact valuable items and adoption has grown steadily week over week. We retired legacy technology, simplified the architecture of our core services and improved our tech velocity. Our advertising growth accelerated as we scaled our three newer Promoted Listings products, optimize performance and automated more elements of campaigns. We expanded our financial services portfolio by adding FX conversion, new forms of payments like Klarna and Afterpay, faster debit card payouts and a digital wallet. And we balanced our investments in innovation with prudent cost discipline to establish a strong foundation for sustainable profitable growth for many years to come. Now turning to the fourth quarter. We delivered solid results in Q4 as our key financial metrics came in ahead of expectations despite the ongoing macro uncertainty. We generated over $18 billion in GMV and more than $2.5 billion in revenue. We delivered an operating margin of close to 30%, while making critical investments in product and marketing to support our long-term growth strategy. Non-GAAP earnings per share for the quarter were $1.07, up 2% year-over-year. Our focused category strategy was a major component of our strong financial performance during the fourth quarter. Focus categories grew more than 7 points faster than the rest of our marketplace during Q4, which was 2 points faster than the prior quarter. Establishing a game changing level of trust between sellers and buyers has been an important driver of the momentum in our focus categories. Authenticity Guarantee enables trust in our luxury categories like watches, sneakers, handbags and fine jewelry. We have observed notable turnarounds in GMV growth since we launched authentication, improved the product experience and grew awareness to the great inventory in these categories. In aggregate, our luxury focused categories have grown at roughly double-digit CAGR since Q4 of 2019, proving these investments have been highly effective. We dramatically improved trust in our refurbished offering by introducing warranties and half of returns, which attracted more brand and new categories to our marketplace. Those investments paid dividends in Q4 and with positive year-over-year GMV growth and the biggest sales week ever for refurbished goods during Cyber Week. Trust in our motors, parts and accessories category is most reliant on equipement for ensuring the compatibility of auto parts with a specific vehicle. During the last few months, we have taken major steps forward with our fitment capabilities. We acquired myFitment in Q3 to help sellers populate their listings with accurate fitment data, which ensures compatibility for buyers. In Q4, we began making myFitment's technology accessible to all buyers, starting with a pilot group of P&A sellers. Listings enhanced by this technology are seeing a measurable uplift in conversion, and we will expand this program further in 2023. Our significant investments in fitment over the past few years allowed us to launch a prominent Fit Your Vehicle badge in Q4. Similar to the Authenticity Guaranteed logo, we show on luxury goods, this badge provides a clear indication of which parts fit your vehicle throughout the buyer journey across search, merchandising, view item and checkout. This is no small feat with over 500 million active P&A listings on eBay and the increasing complexity of vehicles in the marketplace. These advancements have significantly elevated our capabilities for P&A shoppers, and I'm pleased to share a new program we launched just last week called eBay Guaranteed Fit. This program is the breakthrough for trust and P&A that Authenticity Guarantee is in luxury and warranties are for eBay refurbished. It provides buyers with assurance that eBay will stand behind them if a part doesn't fit their vehicle. Guaranteed Fit is a huge milestone for the P&A category and the culmination of our multiyear fitment journey. I'm incredibly proud of our teams for executing the foundational work, making this program possible and I'm looking forward to seeing their continued innovation in the category. I'm also excited about our team's work in collectibles, which has benefited from a steady cadence of product development and partnerships, including most recently, our live commerce beta. During Q4, we scaled up a number of eBay live events with select sellers, bringing a healthy level of viewers, engagement and GMV to participating sellers. We also introduced the eBay Live Hub, where users can subscribe to channels and receive notifications about future events. This hub will serve as a central discovery point as we broaden the availability of live commerce to more sellers and categories this year. Our acquisition of TCGplayer has also greatly enhanced our collectibles category. And in Q4, we began developing synergies between our respective marketplaces. In addition to its customer base of nearly 800,000 hobbyists, a major competitive advantage for TCGplayer is its relationship with thousands of local brick-and-mortar hobby shops with many subscribing to its point of sale and channel management solution. Due to this software, sellers can now more easily streamline listings and inventory on both TCGplayer and eBay. TCGplayer also further diversified its marketplace by introducing Comex during Q4, which is a natural adjacency to collectible card games. eBay's historical sales data enabled TCGplayer to launch Comex with robust pricing intelligence, which will help us scale this offering. While our integration is in its early days, I'm incredibly excited to see what TCGplayer community will bring to eBay over time. One of the key pillars of our strategy is being the platform of choice for sellers. eBay's scale and global footprint represent key advantages for our platform as we work toward achieving this vision. In 2022, roughly one-fifth of our GMV was facilitated through cross-border trade. Sellers who activate their listings internationally can reach buyers in over 200 countries globally. However, less than half of the inventory in our top three markets is currently available for export due to the friction associated with these transactions. To unlock more valuable inventory for global buyers, last fall, we announced a major revamp of our cross-border capabilities with the launch of eBay International Shipping. Under this program, eBay handles any customs forms, coordinates duties with buyers, and intermediates returns. Sellers are protected from item not received complaints, while buyers benefit from greater selection and lower shipping costs. The program is resonating well as we gradually ramp enrollment for sellers, while buyer satisfaction on eBay International Shipping transactions reached 80%. Steve will discuss the financial implications of this program, and I'm confident it will increase cross-border inventory and drive incremental GMV for eBay. Investments in AI are also improving customer perception of our shipping capabilities. In Q4, we deployed a new machine learning model for estimated delivery date in the U.S. and select international markets, enabling us to make more accurate delivery predictions to buyers. Applying this model in the US reduced the average delivery estimate by one and a half days for all domestic listings, resulting in a noticeable uplift in conversion. A separate model deployed for eligible Authenticity Guarantee products resulted in an average reduction of approximately two days for US listings. These rollouts are just the latest example of our ability to leverage AI to make our existing processes more efficient, which will be a continued focus for us in 2023 and beyond. Moving on to ads. Our marketplace continues to benefit from innovation in our advertising business, which delivered strong growth in Q4 despite headwinds in the broader digital ad market. Promoted Listings drove first-party ad revenue of $276 million, up 27% or more than 30 points faster than GMV growth. Over 2 million sellers adopted a single ad product in Q4 and we eclipsed $700 million live voted listings. Additionally, our total ad revenue is nearing 1.8% penetration of GMV. Promoted Listing Standard was again the largest contributor to growth, both on a sequential and an annual basis as optimization gains from prior quarters continue to benefit ad rates. In Q4, we also improved our merchandising algorithms to show a greater diversity of products, which improves buyer satisfaction, while also preserving relevance and conversion. Our newer ad products also continued to scale nicely in Q4 and grew more than 20% quarter-over-quarter. Promoted Listings Advanced, our cost per click product continues to be a standout among the new products. Seller adoption of Advanced has grown, as we have expanded access and automated more elements of campaign management to make this powerful ad unit easier to use. In Q4, we launched Quick Setup, a one-click campaign creation solution for sellers, where eBay automates and optimizes the campaign structure, ad groups targeting and keyword bids for CPC advertisers. We also introduced multiuser account access across our full suite of promoted listings, which enables eBay sellers to delegate campaign management to trusted third parties like brands or ad agencies. Turning to payments. We continue to roll out additional payment services to support high ASP transactions and improve fire conversion. During Q4, we introduced split payments in the US for transactions over $1,000, enabling buyers to spread large purchases across two credit cards. We've already processed transactions from thousands of buyers at an average order value of over $3,000, and we're excited to expand this offering globally later this year to better support our focus categories. Additionally, building on the success of Afterpay, we recently partnered with Zip to introduce a suite of buy now pay later options to our Australian buyers. Zip supports purchases of up to $10,000, extending our ASP coverage in this valuable market. By managing our end-to-end payments process, we are also able to leverage our own proprietary risk models to assess transaction requests across our marketplace. Last year, our risk and protection team without enhanced controls that allowed us to approve transactions that may have otherwise been declined in the past, enabling over $0.5 billion of annualized GMV and reducing potential escalations to customer service. In connection with risk management, we continue to invest in the security of our marketplace to ensure our capabilities remain world-class. Last week, we announced the acquisition of 3PM Shield, a provider of state-of-the-art marketplace compliance tool. 3PM Shield offers effective solutions for the prevention and identification of counterfeit listings and prohibited items. Combining this technology with our proprietary data, will further enhance the integrity of our marketplace. Before we move on, I'd like to touch on the actions we've taken to sharpen our focus as a company and run our business more efficiently, particularly in light of the uncertain economic environment. Earlier this month, we made the difficult decision to eliminate approximately 500 jobs or roughly 4% of our global employee base. This decision followed a thoughtful review of our organization to ensure our people and roles were aligned with priorities that advance eBay's commitment to long-term sustainable growth. These changes provide additional flexibility for us to invest efficiently and create new roles in high potential areas of our business like new technologies, trusted customer experiences and key markets. There is no easy way to say goodbye to our talented colleagues, their passion and accomplishments over the last few years have helped us get us to where we are today. We are incredibly thankful for their contributions and are committed to supporting them through this difficult transition. Next, I'd like to share a few milestones from our ESG efforts last year, starting with e-commerce. In 2022, our marketplace generated $4.6 billion in positive economic impact through the sale of pre-loved and refurbished goods. This activity avoided 1.6 million metric tons of carbon emissions and kept 73,000 metric tons of waste from going into landfills. E-commerce continues to provide significant economic benefit for sellers and buyers during these uncertain times. And buying pre-loved items shows no sign of slowing down. In fact, just yesterday, we published our third annual e-commerce report, which found that 90% of surveyed respondents engaged in e-commerce during 2022. Cost savings were the most popular motivator for buying pre-loved especially among Gen Z buyers. 64% of whom said its financial savings as a primary reason for shopping e-commerce and sustainability was the second most important factor with people increasingly turning to pre-loved to help the environment. This positions us well as we continue to pave the way as an industry leader enabling economic empowerment and sustainability through our platform. Now, let's turn to impact. I'm always amazed by the tremendous generosity of the eBay community. In Q4, eBay for Charity enables sellers and buyers to raise more than $35 million. And for the year, customers raised over $163 million. This represents an all-time high in fund raised through eBay for Charity, since we started this program 20 years ago. The eBay Foundation granted nearly $23 million in 2022, primarily to non-profit organizations advancing, inclusive entrepreneurship and through our employee matching gift programs. This represents another all-time high for annual foundation grants. I am fortunate to lead a purpose-driven company with a team dedicated to helping communities around the world, while protecting our planet. For the fourth year in a row, eBay was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World and North American indices. We were also included on CDP's A List for 2022, which recognizes companies that are leading the way in environmental transparency and performance on climate change. Additionally, eBay ranks number one on cross-border commerce Europe's list of the top sustainable marketplaces operating in Europe. Looking to 2023, I'm incredibly excited about the road map ahead of us. Today, I'll offer just a glimpse of a few areas where you should expect to see progress from us this year. We'll continue to innovate for customers in our focus categories and extend to new countries and categories this year. We will continue our work in P&A by expanding the guaranteed FIT program and fifth-year vehicle badge globally. We'll also grow our tire installation capabilities after we began improving the end-to-end tire shopping experience and broaden our network of installation partners in five markets during Q4. We'll ramp assets in the vault and extend eligibility for more collectible items. While integrations with TCG player and known Origin will strengthen our value proposition for collectors. We will also continue to iterate next-gen shopping features like live commerce to better engage with enthusiasts. And we will further develop the category landing pages we debut for sneakers, watches and handbags in Q4, which offer trending inventory and personalized recommendations, powered by machine learning. Sellers across our marketplace will benefit from the expansion of our international shipping program to more markets, which will drive incremental GMV as sellers tap into our global demand. We will continue to scale our advertising offering as we track toward our next $1 billion by 2025, and  we'll simplify and grow adoption of float listings advance, deliver more AI-driven optimization and further expand our ads portfolio. Finally, just as we have done in focus categories, this year, we will adapt our one-size-fits-all approach, to build more relevant and compelling localized experiences in some of our European markets. We will enhance local discoverability, reduce friction through simplified selling experiences, offer new local forms of payment and address other market-specific experience gaps in search, language and return policies. In closing, I would like to thank our extraordinary eBay employees for their accomplishments this year. Their unrelenting focus on serving our community has supported our sellers and buyers during these challenging economic times. I'm confident that with our talented eBay team, our strategic vision and a persistent focus on operational excellence we will continue to develop compelling experiences for customers and create long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with highlights from the fourth quarter on Slide 9 of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll review our key operating and financial metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our outlook for the first quarter and some additional color on 2020 fit before we begin Q&A. As usual, my comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons on an FX-neutral basis, unless I note otherwise. We delivered solid results in Q4 as our key financial metrics exceeded expectations and landed near the high end or above our expected guidance at Aegis. Gross merchandise volume declined 6% to $18.2 billion, while FX was a 6-point headwind to reported growth. Revenue was down 1% to approximately $2.5 billion, which outpaced volume by 5 points, primarily due to FX and robust growth within our advertising business. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29.9%, down 1.8 points due to volume deleverage and continued investment at the marketing to support the strategic initiatives. We delivered $1.07 of non-GAAP earnings per share, up 2% year-over-year, and we generated $533 million of free cash flow, up 43% year-over-year, while returning $419 million to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Our Q4 results demonstrate the continued resilience of our marketplace amid economic uncertainty. I'm extremely proud of our teams delivering on their quarterly financial commitments, maintaining prudent cost discipline and executing key deliverables in support of our long-term growth objectives. Let's take a closer look at our financial performance during the fourth quarter. Gross merchandise volume is down 6% year-over-year, decelerating roughly 1 point sequentially. Our business remains resilient despite headwinds from geopolitical uncertainty, inflationary pressures, low consumer confidence and rising interest rates. Additionally, FX was a headwind of approximately 6 points of GMV roughly 0.5 point greater than Q3. Momentum in focused categories continues to drive underlying growth in our business. In aggregate, focused categories outgrew the remainder of our marketplace by over 7 points year-over-year during Q4, roughly two points faster than the prior quarter delta. Motus Parts accessories growth accelerated sequentially and remain the largest contributor to this outperformance. And we are excited to see what recent rollouts like fix you vehicle badge and Guaranteed Fit program will do for momentum in this category. Refurbished goods also contributed positively to growth in Q4, as we continue to expand to new brands and categories. We've also made the onboarding process for third-party sellers more scalable to increase the breadth and depth of refurbished selection on our marketplace. Within our luxury and trading cards categories, we continue to see healthy trends in authenticated item transactions in Q4, which has mitigated the macro driven ASP pressure observed across these industries in recent months. As you'll recall, we closed the acquisition of TCGplayer at the end of October. A partial quarter of GMV revenue and expenses are included in our financials for Q4. But based on the timing of the deal close, TCGplayer's contribution is not material to results. Looking at our business on a geographic basis. Our US GMV declined 9% year-over-year decelerating by roughly two points versus the prior quarter. International GMV declined 4% on an FX neutral basis, which was stable sequentially. Compared to Q4 of 2019, our total marketplace grew 2%, a deceleration from 6% last quarter versus 2019, US GMV rose 12% in Q4 while international GMV was down 5%. Although macro headwinds remain more pronounced in Europe, our focused category strategy continued to drive underlying growth internationally, including positive year-over-year growth in P&A and notable strength in luxury categories during Q4. Moving to active buyers. 134 million active buyers shopped on eBay during the trailing 12 months. We had 132 million active buyers, excluding our TCGplayer acquisition and bias from our Turkey business, where we ceased operations in July. Excluding these impacts, active buyers were down roughly $1 million sequentially as a gradual improvement in buyer reactivation over the past few quarters has led to modest stabilization in our active buyer counts. Enthusiast buyers accounted for over 16 million of our active buyers in Q4, less than $0.5 million sequentially from churn within enthusiasts remains de minimis. The net downward migration of enthusiast is the mid-value group was also the lowest we observed since we began disclosing these buyer groups as lapping pressure has eased in recent quarters. Average spend per enthusiast rose again sequentially and continue to be healthy at above $3,000 annually. Turning to revenue. You'll notice in our Q4 earnings release and upcoming 10-K that we are now presenting a single net revenues line, which better aligns our reporting with how our business is operated. We provided one final quarter of marketing services and other revenue in slide 12 of our earnings presentation. Today, I'm moving forward when we r efer to take rate, we will be referencing our all-in net revenue divided by GMV. Net revenue was down 1% to over $2.5 billion during the fourth quarter, one point acceleration versus Q3. Our take rate was 13.8% in Q4 at roughly 40 basis points sequentially. Although FX hedge gains were the most significant driver of our sequential take rate increased in Q4, we continue to see healthy contributions in both advertising and payments revenue. Our advertising business continues to build momentum. Total ad revenue grew 19% during the quarter. Our first-party ads grew 27%, outpacing volume by more than 30 points for the second straight quarter. This extraordinary result was primarily driven by optimization and performance improvements in our standard promoted listings product. Healthy growth in our newer products, most notably our cost per click as also contributed meaningfully. Our legacy third-party display ads were weaker in Q4 due to industry-wide headwinds over the Holloway, but these ads represent an increasingly smaller portion of our mix. Managed payments contributed nearly 10 basis points to our sequential take rate expansion driven by new financial service offerings. These include buyer and seller FX conversion that facilitates cross-border trade, faster debit card payouts, and new high SP transaction services supporting our luxury categories. Importantly, both advertising and payments remain on track to meet our multiyear revenue targets we discussed at our Investor Day. Moving to profitability. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29.9% in Q4, up nearly one point sequentially but down 1.8 points year-over-year. Gross margins were down modestly year-over-year due to volume deleverage and authentication costs, partly offset by lower payment processing fees. Sales and marketing rose by over one point as a percentage of revenue as we invested in full funnel marketing to support our focused categories, while product development was relatively flat as some one-time impacts offset continued hiring of technical talent. Our G&A expense rise as a percentage of revenue due to charitable contributions and other one-time items. In Q4, we recognized a GAAP charge within G&A expense of $50 million related to pending legal matters. You'll see these adjustments including our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations in the appendix of our earnings presentation. Additional details on this accrual will be provided in our upcoming Form 10-K. We generated $1.07 of non-GAAP earnings per share in Q4, up 2% year-over-year, benefiting from a 12% reduction in share count from our share repurchase. We delivered GAAP earnings per share of $1.23, with the delta being driven by a recovery in our equity investment portfolio. Turning to our balance sheet and capital allocation. Free cash flow grew 43% to $533 million in Q4, driven primarily by the lapping of cash tax payments on investment sales in the prior year. Our balance sheet position remains strong as we ended the quarter with cash and non-equity investments of $5.9 billion and gross debt of $8.9 billion, following a successful $1.2 billion debt raise in November. We repurchased roughly $300 million of shares at an average price of approximately $42 during Q4 and have over $2.8 billion remaining under our current authorization. We paid a quarterly cash dividend of $119 million in December or $0.22 per share. Our investment portfolio is detailed on slide 20 of our earnings presentation. Our equity investments were valued at approximately $3.4 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Following the sale of a de minimis number of shares in December to satisfy regulatory requirements, our $404 million Adevinta shares were valued at roughly $2.7 billion. Our Adyen investment value is calculated based on the probability of our remaining warrant tranche successful. In addition to the acquisitions we completed in 2022, we continue to evaluate inorganic opportunities to accelerate our strategic objectives by our Build By Partner framework. We closed the acquisition of 3PM Shield last week, which will strengthen trust in our marketplace, they're helping us prevent and detect problematic listings with even greater precision. Moving on to our outlook. For the first quarter, we forecast GMV between $18 billion and $18.3 billion, representing organic FX neutral growth between negative 5% and negative 4% year-over-year. This GMV outlook includes an estimated $100 million from one-time benefits already recognized in Q1 and anticipate an FX headwind to reported growth between two and three points. We expect to generate revenue between $2.46 billion and $2.5 billion, representing organic FX neutral growth between flat and up 2% year-over-year. We anticipate a non-GAAP operating margin between 29.1% and 29.7%, and we forecast non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.05 and $1.09 and representing EPS growth between flat and up 3% year-over-year. Although, we are not providing full year guidance at this time, given the dynamic operating environment, we will share some directional color on how we are currently thinking about 2023. Our baseline expectation is that the external demand environment does not materially improve during the first half of the year, as a result of continued macro uncertainty across our largest markets. While we do see potential for an improvement in underlying economic conditions as the year progresses, it is too early to predict the second half recovery, buying out with confidence. As a result, we currently expect our sequential GMV growth beyond Q1 to roughly approximately seasonality we observed during 2022, excluding the impact of currency. For the full year, we expect to grow total non-GAAP expenses, inclusive of cost of revenue by approximately 2% year-over-year on a spot basis, as we continue to invest in strategic growth initiatives in 2023. This forecast contemplates one-time impacts to our P&L from recent M&A and the rollout of the eBay International Shipping program this year. These one-time factors combined are expected to represent a year-over-year headwind for operating margin of approximately 120 basis points versus 2022. Our expense growth forecast is also net of roughly $100 million of OpEx savings from our structural cost program as we continue to look inward for cost efficiencies in our business. I'd like to share some additional context on the one-time impact to margin. Over the past year, we accelerated our progress towards several core strategic objectives through the acquisitions of TCGplayer, KnownOrigin, myFitment, and 3PM Shield. While we are excited about the synergies and long-term growth potential of these assets, lowering them into a scale in the marketplace with our level of profitability does present a natural drag on margins in the short-term, which will diminish as our integration work progresses. The rollout of eBay International Shipping will improve seller velocity and global availability of unique inventory over the long run. Our role in intermediating shipping and returns in this program will shift us to principal relationship with sellers versus being an agency in our previous global shipping program. From an accounting perspective, this means revenue from the new program will be recognized on a gross basis, while the vast majority of expenses are variable and recognize the cost of revenue, while the operating margin headwind from this program will abate as we progressively scale it through 2023. It's primarily variable costs or impact to our reported gross margins. We expect this program to generate incremental operating profit this year despite representing a headwind of 30 basis points of gross margin in Q1, rising to 120 basis points in Q4. Additionally, we expect foreign exchange to represent a headwind of approximately 1% of GMV in 2023 and between 3% to 4% to non-GAAP EPS, following the unwinding of recent US dollar strength. We forecast our non-GAAP tax rate to remain at 16.5% throughout 2023. On the capital allocation front, I'm pleased to announce our Board recently approved a 14% increase to our quarterly dividend, raising to $0.25 per share in 2023. We continue to target returning approximately 125% of free cash flow to shareholders between 2022 and 2024, and our broader capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. Our fortress balance sheet is a tremendous competitive advantage in this environment that enables us to invest organically in our business, accelerate our strategic objectives with disciplined inorganic investments, while still delivering healthy capital return to shareholders. In the current macro environment, we believe it is prudent to balance the timing and magnitude of share repurchases with our capital needs from quarter-to-quarter. Our first priority is offsetting dilution, and we expect to be opportunistic with regard to larger repurchases. In closing, our Q4 results capped off a resilient year for eBay in 2022 as we made meaningful progress towards our long-term strategy, despite significant macro uncertainty. We exceeded consensus expectations for GMV, revenue and EPS during Q4. Our focused categories continue to outperform and are driving underlying growth in our business. Our advertising revenue continues to meaningfully outpace volume growth, while payment initiatives continue to scale in line with expectations. We achieved a full year operating margin of 30% despite contending with a more challenging macro environment than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. We generated nearly $2.2 billion in free cash flow in 2022 and returned over $3.6 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends, equating to nearly 170% of our free cash flow. I'm proud that eBay continues to pave the way as an industry leader, enabling economic empowerment and sustainability to our platform. We once again achieved carbon neutrality in 2022 and remain committed to reducing 90% of our carbon emissions from our operations by 2030. I'm incredibly appreciative of our team's focus and execution during 2022, as we delivered on a number of our core strategic objectives, despite navigating uncertain macro environment. I'm confident our investments in 2022 enabled us to exit the year stronger than when we entered it, keeping us on a path to sustainable long-term growth. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Colin Sebastian with Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Great. Thanks, and good afternoon, guys. A couple of questions for me. Maybe, Jamie, at a high level, first off, you seem generally satisfied with the strategic focus on enthusiast buyers and the non-new-in-season segment that you outlined a year ago. But I wonder, if you could talk about any ways in which you'd say this strategy has evolved through the year as you plan for the next couple of years? Some of that may be more nuanced, but curious on your views there. And then, Steve, I just wanted to drill down a little bit more on the 2023 outlook. I think we understand the GMV perspective and some of the margin impacts. On the take rate, should we assume that, that gap between GMV and revenue growth continues to grow, given the increasing contribution of advertising and payments through the year? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first on the kind of where we are, we're pleased with the progress that we're seeing. So if you think about focused categories outgrowing the rest of the business by 7 points, the double-digit change that we've seen in customer satisfaction, we took on our largest focus category at the end of last year with parts and accessories, and we're seeing that return to market share growth, which is great. It's a very large business. We outlined that at Investor Day being over $10 billion. And the shift that we made to non-new-in-season, I think, is really helping us, especially in these challenging economic times. All the work we did and refurbished to build that as a strong category on eBay. Now we're seeing -- we had our largest week ever during Cyber Week. And during challenging economic times, people really turn to value. And I think we're leaning into where the consumer is headed. I'd point you to the re-commerce Report, which we put out yesterday, which said 90% of the respondents bought re-commerce in 2022 and Gen Z, 64% of them said it was because of the financial value that's provided. So, we think we're right in there. We're going to continue to enhance and build on that strategy. We're doing a lot of additional work in artificial intelligence and bringing that not only to our focused categories, but also to our horizontal businesses. I talk about the work that we did in search as one example of that, the work that we did in advertising with the merchandising there as a second one. And then you see us continuing to expand what we're doing on the horizontal side. I'd just end with eBay International Shipping. Cross-border trade is now one in five transactions on eBay. It's one of the unique value propositions that we have, especially for the individual consumer. And we're making that a whole lot easier with what we're doing with eBay International Shipping, and that's another kind of huge opportunity across the board on the horizontal side. So over the course of the year, I'll get into more and more details about it, but we feel really good about the vector that we're on. Steve, do you want to take the second part?
Steve Priest: Yes. Hi, good afternoon, Colin. With regard to as payments, versus say is really pleased with the execution from the teams did a tremendous job and we're tracking well towards the direction that we gave at Investor Day in terms of our medium-term targets, in terms of payments and ads. We don't give any specific guidance on the call associated with that in payments for '23, but you should expect them to continue to outpace GMV, as they did in 2022. So, great execution from the teams and pleased with where we are.
Colin Sebastian: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Champion with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Tom Champion: Hey good afternoon, guys. Steve, maybe a quick one for you. Could you please talk about the GMV growth you've seen internationally, it looks like international FX-neutral exceeded domestic for the second quarter in a row. And I'm just curious, if you're kind of surprised by that result. I think you referenced P&A and maybe luxury driving that. And then curious that the $100 million benefit, I believe, to GMV in the guidance. I think there was some reference to that in the guidance. Maybe, Jamie, just a quick one for you, if I could, can you just talk about authenticity and how you feel like you are executing and whether you've turned a corner there. I think most of the recent acquisitions have been centered around authenticity and removing fake goods. How do you feel about your progress there? And how much further do you need to go? Thank you.
Steve Priest: Hi, Tom, I'll pick up the first one. Obviously, we're seeing different dynamics based on our international business and the U.S. business based on the macro environment - the dynamic macro environment that we've been operating in. And obviously, some of those challenges were more pronounced than the international business earlier than the U.S., and we called out some color with regards to that as we guided the fourth quarter actually in terms of some of the U.S. softness that we saw in October coming through that. The thing I would say is that, the execution our own focused categories, both in Europe and the U.S. is seeing underlying momentum P&A, for example, we're number one in a couple of the key markets in Europe, in the UK and Germany; and number two in the U.S. and things like P&A, luxury, refurb are seeing good momentum both internationally and in the U.S. Specifically, pertaining to the $100 million that we laid out in the prepared comments, this is a specific GMV benefit as a one-time item in Q1, which we do not expect to continue through the year. It's most notably around Chinese sellers, keeping their stores open through the Lunar New Year, which is not typical for this time of year. Jamie over to you?
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Tom. So on authenticity, we're feeling great about what we're seeing in terms of the impact that it's having on customer satisfaction and the execution of it. If you think about it for those focused categories like luxury handbag, sneakers, watches, authenticity is what provides the game-changing level of trust. That's different in other categories. So in refurbish, for example, it's the two-year warranties and the 30-day hassle-free returns. And then something like P&A, we just launched this week Guaranteed Fit, which is really the game-changing level of trust, which is guaranteeing that, that part is going to fit your product, which is really key. The acquisition that we did recently with 3PM Shield, it's really a state-of-the-art market compliance capability that they've built using really advanced AI technologies to help keep prohibited items off the platform. And that's really just continuing the theme of building trust on the marketplace, and eBay as a trusted place to shop, which has paid massive dividends, giving us a great ROI from the investments that we've made to-date, and we feel really good about the progress and where we are.
Tom Champion: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nikhil Devnani with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Nikhil Devnani: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking the question. I had a couple on GMV growth, please. Steve, you mentioned that U.S. softness that you called out in October, did that persist, or did you see any kind of changes in trends there better or worse? And then in terms of the 2023 growth framework, thanks for that, but is 22 the right year to use for seasonality given Omicron and just post-COVID dynamics it feels like you started the year well. Just wondering why GMV would step down in Q2, Q3, especially as you invest in the marketplace as well to make it better? Thanks a lot.
Steve Priest: Hi, Nikhil, thank you for the questions. First of all, with regards to the fourth quarter and coming in, as we said in our prepared comments, really pleased to see some of the execution particularly in a couple of key focus categories like P&A and refurb continue to sort of be highlights for the fourth quarter as we came through it. As we've mentioned, came through towards the top end of the guide. And really, we did have less headwind as we'd expected on an exchange rate basis, with the US dollars we went through. But some core strength in a couple of the focus categories as we come through the fourth quarter. With regards to the sequencing, we're dealing with an incredibly dynamic macro environment and we wanted to give some color for the investor community as we start to think about 2023. And obviously, the macro dynamic has been challenged during 2022. And so in that directional color, we've given a comprehensive guide for the first quarter. We continue to execute in the underlying business. But based on the uncertainty that we are facing at the moment and the continuation of that macro challenge we felt it was most prudent just to sort of lay out that sequencing relating to 2023.
Nikhil Devnani: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Sandler with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Hey, guys. Just a quick follow-up to that GMV sequencing answer on that last one. So it doesn't sound like you really ascribe to the theory that consumers may shift some wallet share away from services and back to goods in 2023, which is kind of the opposite of what happened in 2022. So any comment on that? And then I guess, just what would it take to get back to that GMV framework that you laid out at Analyst Day. Is there anything else in your control that you can see to get those GMV growth rates up to the mid-singles? And then the second question is just we're seeing a lot of inflation around the world, different rates in different countries. You guys have a lot of cross-border corridor. So how is lower inflation in the US potentially than places like the UK and Germany impacting your business as far as the cross-border? Thanks a lot.
Steve Priest: Hi, Ross, I'll take those. So with regard to the GMV sequencing, we haven't guided the full year. We're just trying to give some directional alignment. We're just trying to plan our business effectively around the dynamic macro environment that we're seeing. Again, put a very comprehensive guide up for the first quarter, really pleased with the execution of the strategy, which is working well and leaning into the focus categories that we're still to execute. We mentioned the fact that we do see as many commentators say, a very, very challenged and certain first half of the year. Again, we're just given some direction on alignment about how we think about things as we navigate through 2023. So just providing some color accordingly. With regards to the Investor Day GMV framework, we're leaning in exactly where we said we would, whether it's luxury, whether it's P&A, Jamie talked extensively about the benefits of authentication impacting the business. And so we are seeing underlying positive growth in our business as we execute the strategy, continue to be fueled by the momentum that we're seeing with payments and ads. In terms of the timing of the GMV framework that we laid out at Investor Day, that's really a function of the potential severity and duration of the macro environment that we're operating in, which will obviously have an indication in terms of the timing of when we get to those longer-term targets. And then finally, with regards to inflation, as you imagine, inflation is impacting a number of our businesses across the US and in Europe. Europe has been more pronounced over recent quarters because of -- particularly because of the energy challenges as we go forward. And in addition, you've got some labor pressure being impacted in Europe as well that's impacting the business. Specifically, around eBay, we do have a resilient business, but however, general inflation does have a, I suppose, a mixed impact on our business because we lead into non-new-in-season items, that really just helped impact where consumers are looking for value, and we have a lot of pre-loved and refurbished items on our platform and that performance in Q4 was a great reflection of that. However, because of the macro challenges, we're not immune to the inflationary pressures on the discretionary consumer spending. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color in terms of how we think about the business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Thank you. So, Jamie, I think we spent quite a bit of time talking through the re-commerce opportunity on this call. Now, given eBay's history with cataloging, I have to think that having increased parameters on how gently or not gently used the same item may be and how that's described from seller-to-seller, that's probably creating a unique sorting problem. So, can you talk about how you are tapping the opportunity and ultimately, sort of the correct results to the user?
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Stephen, I basically would just point you, for example, the parts and accessories, right? What we're doing there is using our knowledge around fitments and all the investments that we've made over the last couple of quarters and being able to say, if you're looking on the site in parts and accessories, you're going to see these big green check marks, let's say, Fits Your Vehicle. And now with what we've released just last week, we're actually going to say it's guaranteed to fit. Think about that as like authenticity guarantee for vehicles. So, we're continuing to category-by-category, find the best way to improve that search experience. And something like refurbished it's certifying the quality of that refurbishment and saying we're going to stand behind that with a 30-day hassle-free return eBay Money-Back Guarantees. So, the combination of the great work that our search team does with AI to really drive more relevance on the platform drive better recall in our search results, et cetera, combined with the category-specific work that we're doing to really optimize that experience on a category-by-category basis, is really the intersection of those two. It's what's working out, I think, so well for us and why we're seeing strong numbers in the strategy and in the focused categories that we've rolled out.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth: Great. Thanks so much. I just want to shift gears and ask about expenses, Steve, and the 2% growth in non-GAAP expenses and in 2023. If you could just talk about some of the key investments here and puts and takes? And I guess, in particular, how we should be thinking about sales and marketing, assuming that you'll continue to do full funnel margin on the focus categories? Thanks.
Steve Priest: Good afternoon, Doug. I think at a macro level, I would say that we will continue, as we always have been to lean into the short-term to drive operational efficiencies through the likes of the structured cost program where we're going very deep on the organization, while at the same time continue to invest for the future for the long-term trajectory and growth of the business. In terms of the investments we'll be making in 2023 is continue the strategic playbook. It's continuing to invest in product that customers want to continue to invest in trust on the platform and then continue to invest in full funnel marketing in terms of making sure that we get the communication matters out to our customers. The 2% increase in year-over-year non-GAAP expense growth includes the 120 basis points of margin headwinds that we talked about associated with M&A and the eBay International Shipping program, and it's net of $100 million of the structural cost program that we've laid out. So if I stand back, we've got a couple of headwinds with those two items I've talked about. We're leaning in to drive cost efficiencies, and we're continuing to invest for the future long-term sustainability of the business.
Doug Anmuth: Great. Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. So first, can you give us some color on the growth in focus categories where you've had the user experience enhancements for a while now, specifically, sneakers and luxury watches and some of those categories. I understand that macro is volatile, but are you seeing sustained share gains in these categories now? Any additional color on recent growth there would be great. And then, Steve, can you unpack the 2023 EPS guide for us for a little bit? Clearly, we recognize that there's a lot of uncertainties. But how should we think about the magnitude and cadence of buybacks for this year? And maybe is it fair to use 2022 seasonality also as a proxy for quarterly cadence on EPS as well?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So -- hi, Deepak, let me take the first one. So yeah, we're really pleased with what we're seeing with focused categories. It's growing seven points faster than the rest of the platform. The way to think about that is plus 2% if you look at it on a quarter-over-quarter basis. When you look at our coverage, we're at about 25% across the whole business. If you look at our big three markets where we've been focusing, it's about 28% coverage, so making nice progress there. But it's not just about investing in new coverage. It's also about investing in existing categories that are driving the underlying growth in our business and balancing reinvestment there. And we're really pleased. We continue to invest in sneakers, we launched two years ago, but we're continuing to invest with manage shipping, which we launched in 2022. We talked on the call about luxury goods having roughly double-digit growth rates over the past couple of years. So we are seeing that market share -- return to market share growth for those businesses, which is really healthy. And I'd say the largest one of which is P&A, and we're really excited by the progress that we're seeing in P&A. On the product side, the work we're doing in fitment and Guaranteed Fit and making the catalog available via the apps. The new acquisition with myFitment, further increasing our ability to do there, combined with the marketing that we're doing in the US, we're doing the actual personalities from car talk in the UK were associated with Pimp My Ride. So we're really going after that enthusiast buyer, and it's really working. So I'm really pleased with the performance on focus categories. Steve, maybe you want to take the second part?
Steve Priest: Yes. So Deepak, we've obviously gotten a very comprehensive Q1 guide. And as I mentioned earlier, because of the uncertainty still the dynamic macro environment, we've not given a full year guide at this point. With regard to the seasonality question that you had, that pertains to directional color associated with GMV. And so that's how I would sort of locate that. Specifically thinking about capital returns that we've laid out, just sort of taking a step back, in 2022, we returned $3.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks, which is 170% of free cash flow. As you're thinking about capital returns, we remain committed to the 125% of free cash flow target that we laid out at the investor event between 2022 and 2024. So we're sort of tracking above that. And as I think about 2023, our priority really to start with is going to be to be committed to offsetting dilution in terms of the such share count, while continuing to balance the capital needs of the business. We have lent in and done a 14% increase in the dividend from $0.22 to $0.25. But for me, our fortress balance sheet continues to be a key competitive advantage in this environment to enable us to continue to invest in the business. So I hope that gives you a little bit of color about how we're thinking about 2023.
John Egbert : Operator, can we do one last question, please?
Operator: Your final question comes from Mark Mahaney with Evercore. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney : Thanks. Two questions, please. This advertising continued ramp penetration now to 1.8% of GMV. As you've looked at third-party data points and maybe as you've looked at that penetration within verticals, do you have a better sense of how high that penetration can rise overall? And then secondly, just talk a little bit about you had the step up in focused category marketing spend and just your confidence level that you're getting a good return on that. There's a clear deleverage in the model, but there's a lot of noise in there. So just how do you look at that and the proof that that's actually working out for you? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone : Yes. Thanks, Mark. So on the ad side, like we said at Investor Day, we have line of sight to 3%, which we still feel great about. If you look at the performance, Promoted Listing Standard continues to be the workhorse of the product, and we're continuing to drive additional penetration there, hitting 2 million sellers and 700 million listings. But we're also excited by our new products. They once again grew 20% quarter-over-quarter and we're making it easier for sellers. I talked about Quick Setup, which makes it much easier to come into the program and use the program. And then we're working on things like multi-user access, which we just launched which enables more flexibility to actually bring in an ad agency to help you manage your ad campaigns. So I feel great about the potential there, growing 30-plus percent over volume and what we're seeing. On the focused category side, been really happy with the performance of the marketing spend. If you think about it, we've shifted our model from being really kind of lower funnel optimization to doing more full funnel. And that's driving more enthusiast buyers into the platform, and it's allowing the overall spend to work a little bit harder. But at the same time, it's really allowing us to bring buyers in and then leverage them across multiple categories. So if you think about like a sneaker buyer, they will come in and buy $450 in sneakers, but then they'll buy $1,900 in other products in other categories. A handbag buyer will buy $2,500, but then spend $5,000 elsewhere. So when you look at the return on marketing spend, usually full funnel has a longer return on it, but we think it's the absolute right spend. We're seeing the right change in consideration and we're really driving, I think, the unique value proposition that we have to offer at eBay. So, you're going to continue to see, just like we've done in parts, really specific marketing tailored to those enthusiasts with the right full funnel approach, because we like the performance of what we're seeing.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the eBay Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Joe Billante, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Joe Billante: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2022. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Jamie's and Steve's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie and Steve's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of November 2, 2022, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Q3 was a strong quarter for the company despite a challenging macro environment. Significant headwinds from inflation, higher energy costs and rising interest rates have impacted discretionary income, and consumer confidence is near record lows in several markets. Our focus on non-new-in-season categories has made the platform more resilient against these headwinds. In the quarter, we continued to execute the tech-led reimagination, and we delivered on our near-term commitments. Focus categories narrowed their gap to market growth rates through higher customer satisfaction, increased trust and more effective marketing. And once again, enthusiast buyers spent more on the platform. This playbook is having a positive impact on GMV in the U.S. and internationally. Site-wide technology investments created a more seamless customer experience, leading to improved conversion rates across the platform. Our advertising business accelerated due to increased seller adoption and the optimization of our ad products. And new payment capabilities remove transactional friction while adding incremental revenue. The execution of our strategy is strengthening our competitive position, which drove better-than-expected financial outcomes in the third quarter. We delivered over $17.7 billion in GMV and almost $2.4 billion in revenue. We invested in marketing and product while delivering close to 29% operating margin. And our non-GAAP EPS was $1 per share, up double digits versus last year. Before I get into more highlights from the quarter, I want to take a step back and look where we are in our long-term journey. As you may recall, heading into the pandemic, volume was declining. Since that time, we have invested in game-changing product experiences and adjusted our approach to marketing. And this has resulted in an improvement in GMV compared to pre-pandemic levels. Specifically, focus categories, excluding trading cards, are up over 20% since 2019 due to improvements in customer satisfaction, trust, product experience and marketing. Trading cards has more than doubled in that time due to market dynamics and the impact of our innovations. And the rest of the platform has improved from declining low single digits to flat based on site-wide product improvements and the benefits of cross-category shopping. Taking a closer look at Q3 volume, excluding trading cards, focus categories grew over seven points faster than the rest of the platform compared to last year. Multiple quarters of improvements in parts and accessories, collectibles, luxury goods and refurbished products are driving better relative GMV performance. Motors parts and accessories is the largest category we have invested in to date, and it is nearing market rates of growth. Investments in marketing over multiple quarters have increased consideration with enthusiasts, expanding the top of the funnel. Most recently, we sponsored an automotive makeover show with MTV U.K. We also kicked off the eBay Motors Parts of America tour, showcasing bespoke car builds using parts found on eBay. Hundreds of thousands of attendees have joined these events to date, and social marketing support for the tour has driven more than 500 million impressions. The key to unlocking trust for parts and accessories enthusiasts is fitment. Over the last several quarters, we made significant progress on the foundational work needed to innovate the P&A experience. This included modernizing our taxonomy to align our business globally and open up new cross-border trade opportunities. We also integrated fitment-based technologies into search, merchandising and advertising recommendations. Now we're able to make fitment more pervasive throughout the end-to-end experience. We have started adding highly visible trust signals throughout the buyer journey in the U.S. and Canada. We also are reducing the number of steps it takes to find parts, and we've expanded the adoption of My Garage, leading to more personalized shopping on every visit. We will continue to invest in trust to deliver even higher customer satisfaction in the coming quarters. In addition, we are working on increasing the quality and quantity of supply in parts and accessories. We recently acquired Mine Pivot, which helps P&A sellers improve listing quality and grow conversion. We are also directly engaging sellers to add more in-demand parts inventory, including certified green parts, OEM, salvage and highest products, keeping our global supply over 500 million live listings. Collectibles is another focus category where sellers and buyers are responding positively to recent innovation. One of the best examples of this is trading cards, where GMV trends remained steady at a trajectory more than double pre-pandemic levels. In June, we launched the eBay Vault, a seamless end-to-end physical and digital experience and have initially opened it for trading cards. The Vault provides a number of benefits, including instant transfer, authentication, insurance, affordable shipping and tax restorage. The combination of these features gives enthusiasts an unprecedented level of control to grow the value of their collections. During Q3, we expanded eligibility for Vault items, and we are seeing continued momentum week over week and are encouraged by the effectiveness of events and accelerating early adoption. While the Vault is in its early days, demand is increasing, and more enthusiasts are preloading their inventory into the Vault to enable faster trading. In addition to innovation, we are marketing our trading cards business across multiple channels. For example, in Q3, we expanded our presence at New York Comic Con to showcase the eBay Vault and continued live commerce pilots, highlighting brands like Funko and Metazoo. Another important investment for our trading card business is the acquisition of TCG Player, a trusted marketplace for collectible card game enthusiasts that operates a leading technology platform. I am pleased that we were able to close this transaction earlier this week ahead of schedule. TCG Player brings strategic omnichannel capabilities, popular with trading card sellers, including inventory management tools, order fulfillment and card optimization. I'm excited to see what we can do together to delight our sellers and buyers over time. In luxury categories, quarter after quarter of innovation has led to higher customer satisfaction and faster GMV growth. This has been true in watches, handbags and sneakers since the introduction of authentication, resulting in higher GMV in every country where we've launched to date. In Q3, we began authenticating jewelry about $500 in the U.S. and are seeing similar results as other focus categories with initial customer satisfaction rates for jewelry buyers over 90%. Focus category is not the only area where we are investing to drive GMV. Significant site-wide initiatives that impact all sellers and buyers are driving volume benefits across all categories. Multiple quarters of technology investment drove site-wide conversion improvements in Q3. For example, in search, we leveraged new deep learning models to better understand purchase intent, leading to increased conversion at the top of search. In addition, search recall has materially improved for low and well searches, enabling buyers to discover more relevant inventory. These capabilities have rolled out to English and German-speaking markets, adding more than $0.5 billion in GMV annually. SEO improvements are driving better growth across the platform. In focus categories like sneakers, we have built a more modern browsing experience, which is driving benefits to our SEO traffic. We also optimized our site to allow significantly more items to show up on search engines, increasing visibility to our newest and best performing listings. For sellers, we have been making investments over several quarters to modernize our technology stack. And I'm excited to announce that we recently completed the migration of all desktop sellers to a single unified listing experience globally. This transition eliminates multiple legacy tools and enables faster innovation, particularly as we invest in new focus category listing experiences. There are a number of benefits sellers are already seeing in the new platform. For example, when listing an item, sellers are receiving better price guidance recommendations that are driving conversion in multiple categories. And sellers can now directly upload videos that can showcase items, highlight unique details or answer commonly asked questions. Sellers are also benefiting from multiple quarters of innovation and advertising. Higher return on ad spend is leading to increased adoption of Promoted Listings and higher ad rates. In Q3, first-party ad revenue was $249 million, up 27% year-over-year. This was more than 30 points faster than GMV, keeping us on track toward our long-term advertising targets despite volume headwinds from the macro environment. Investments in AI have resulted in improved search algorithm performance and more accurate ad rate recommendations that are increasing conversion. This is one factor driving up adoption of Standard Promoted Listings. In Q3, almost 2 million sellers adopted at least one ad product, and our coverage has expanded to over 600 million listings. Our newer ad products are also driving faster growth, which once again grew double-digits quarter-over-quarter. For Promoted Listings Advanced, we expanded availability in search. We also improved the broad match experience and upgraded our recommendation tools, allowing sellers to further optimize their campaigns. Payments capabilities are increasing trust between sellers and buyers by removing transactional friction. The buyer FX experience that we've released earlier this year is resonating with customers. Close to 70% are adopting it for cross-currency transactions, allowing them to pay in their local currency. We also expanded Klarna availability to buyers who cross-border transactions on our German site. Lastly, our risk team improves checkout conversion by accepting more purchase transactions while maintaining low loss levels. In addition to removing friction for buyers, we are adding more services for sellers. Recently, we announced that sellers can request on-demand payouts to a debit card and receive funds within 30 minutes or less for a fee. New payment services are delivering better customer outcomes, and the pace of innovation has put us on track to deliver $300 million in incremental revenue by 2024. As consumers in our major markets face persistent inflation, higher interest rates and rising home energy costs, they are increasingly turning to eBay for better value. This is leading to growth in GMV of used and refurbished goods. In fact, in a recent survey, we found that more than three quarters of sellers use eBay to sell pre-owned goods. Recently, we expanded our efforts to support sustainable commerce with a new seller education offering on eBay Academy. Launched across our major markets, our new course teaches sellers had to assess their current practices and understand how eBay can help them operate more sustainably. Sellers are contributing positively to global communities in other ways. During the third quarter, we raised more than $33 million through eBay for Charity. In addition, the eBay Foundation issued grants to 50 nonprofit organizations that support inclusive entrepreneurship and communities around the world. These purpose-driven efforts help us drive economic opportunity for all. Finally, we're excited to announce that tomorrow, we will be publishing our inaugural small business report. This report highlights our progress towards becoming a seller platform of choice. I've spoken to you in the past about how eBay creates access for entrepreneurs. And through our recent small business survey, we found that seven out of 10 sellers say that eBay help them start their business. We are proud to partner with our sellers, helping them get up and running on our marketplace and providing the tools they need to build scale and grow their business. Sellers recognize these efforts with over half of all sellers surveyed strongly agreeing that eBay helped their small business grow. As a third-party marketplace, eBay only wins when our sellers win. And we have earned trust from our seller community over time. In this report, 95% of sellers surveyed say they rely on eBay for their business with almost one third saying their small business would not exist without eBay. This data helps to reinforce that the investments we are making reflect the role we play in creating and growing small businesses around the world. Having just come off a number of large seller events in our major markets, we continue to be inspired by our seller community, and we are proud to play a key role in helping our customers navigate these challenging economic times. All of this couldn't be possible without our talented and dedicated teams who work so hard to innovate on behalf of our customers. Thank you to the eBay team for all you do every day for our community. In closing, the resiliency of our platform yielded better-than-expected quarterly results despite a challenging macro backdrop. focus categories grew over seven points faster than the rest of the platform and maintained higher levels of customer satisfaction. We acquired TCG Player and My Fitment to better serve enthusiasts in two of our largest focus categories. Site-wide improvements in search, SEO and selling improved conversion rates. Advertising growth accelerated while delivering high returns on ad spend for our sellers. Payments innovation enabled more services and further reduced transactional friction, and we continue to support our small business sellers, helped raise $33 million for charity and drove close to $1 billion in economic impact through e-commerce. All of these accomplishments contributed towards our long-term tech-led reimagination of eBay. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with highlights from the third quarter on Slide 9 of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll walk through our key operating and financial metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our outlook for the fourth quarter with some closing thoughts before we begin Q&A. As usual, my comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons on an FX-neutral basis, unless I announce otherwise. Overall, I'm pleased with our third quarter results as we made significant progress against our long-term objectives while efficiently navigating the challenging short-term macro environment. Our GMV revenue on non-GAAP EPS each came in above expectations and surpassed the high end of our guidance ranges. Gross merchandise volume declined 5%, improving nearly nine points sequentially. Revenue was down 2% to approximately $2.4 billion, outpacing volume by nearly four points, primarily due to continued momentum within our advertising business. Non-GAAP operating margin is 28.9%, up modestly quarter-over-quarter as we continue to invest in our strategic pillars. We delivered $1 of non-GAAP earnings per share of 11% over the prior year. And we generated $633 million of free cash flow, while returning $421 million to shareholders to repurchasing dividends. Our Q3 results highlight the strength of our scaled marketplace, durability of our financial model and impact of our tech-led reimagination on eBay's underlying growth trajectory. Let's take a closer look at the drivers of our financial performance during the third quarter. Gross merchandise volume was down 5% year-over-year, but accelerated nearly nine points sequentially as easier comps offset the tougher macro environment in Q3. The war in Ukraine, inflationary pressures and rising interest rates continue to wear on consumer confidence and demand for discretionary goods. In addition, recent currency volatility widened the FX headwind to our reported GMV growth to approximately six points in Q3 compared to roughly four points in the prior quarter. Despite of these headwinds, our business remains resilient and markedly healthier than when we entered the pandemic, boosted by returns from our investments, which focus category and site-wide innovation across the eBay platform. Our focus on non-new-in-season goods have multiple benefits. It aligns us with the fastest-growing portion of our TAM and extends the life of products. It also makes our marketplace more durable during periods of economic turbulence. Preowned, refurbished, open box and vintage goods are attractive alternatives to brand new items of value orientating buyer. eBay scale global demand for these goods provides supplemental income seller, which can mitigate the burden of the rising cost of living. Preowned and refurbished goods alone make up over 1/3 of our GMV, and are growing significantly faster than brand new goods on eBay in recent years. Brand disparity has become more pronounced since the onset of macro weakness [indiscernible]. GMV from the used and refurb goods has maintained double-digit growth versus 2019 since the start of the pandemic, even if demand for discretionary goods has been pressured in recent quarters. Our focus category strategy continue to drive underlying growth in our business during Q4. Excluding trading cards, focus category GMV outpaced the remainder of our marketplace by over seven points year-over-year, has increased more than 20% versus 2019. In aggregate, our marketplace grew 6% versus Q3 of 2019, primarily driven by faster growth in focus capital, but also supported by relatively stable volume in other categories. It's important to note we've been seeing compelling evidence that other categories are benefiting from our strategy as well. Higher customer satisfaction and focus categories raises trust across the eBay platform. [indiscernible] engage in cross category shopping provide a multiplier effect for our business. The site-wide product improvements have alleviated friction to sellers and buyers across our marketplace. Even amidst the challenging macro environment, our GMV and other categories in Q3 was roughly flat versus the same period in 2019. Looking at our business on a geographic basis. Our U.S. GMV grew 17% compared to Q3 of 2019, or more than two points faster than Q2, aided by slightly easier comps. International GMV was down 3% over the same period, roughly in line with Q2. Although the macro headwinds I outlined earlier are weighing on the most global economies, the effects are more pronounced in Europe through September. Consumer confidence remains near historic lows across most of our largest markets. European consumers remain even more cautious as they face significant energy price hikes this winter. The labor strikes accompanied by rising cost of living also threaten the near-term outlook. Despite these headwinds, [indiscernible] focus category volume modestly outpaced other categories internationally in Q2. eBay's strong value proposition and past successes end up taking countercyclical [indiscernible] products contributed to this delta. However, the economic situation in Europe has also fueled strength in other categories, which now is a relative growth gap in Q3. For example, demand for home energy products in Germany has temporarily surged as consumers cope with rising utility prices and the uncertainty of energy availability that they're heavy [indiscernible]. Moving to active buyers. 135 million active buyers shopped on eBay during the trailing 12 months, including 2 million buyers from our Turkish business, where we ceased operations in July. Active buyers, excluding Trkiye, were down 2 million quarter-over-quarter, a more modest step down in prior quarters. Notably, to 90% of our buyers who churned in Q3 were low-value buyers. Enthusiast buyers accounted for approximately 17 million of our active buyers in Q3. Downward migration between the enthusiast and mid-value buyer groups decelerated as lapping headwind. Macro pressure may continue to cause migration between buyer groups in the short term. An average spend per user who sequentially and continues to be healthy at over $3,000 per year, up double digits versus 2019. Turning to revenue. Net revenue was down 2% to approximately $2.4 billion during the third quarter, an acceleration of netted five points compared to Q2. Our transaction take rate was 12.8% due to this, an increase of nearly 40 basis points sequentially and close to 100 basis points versus the prior year. Advertising was the primary driver of our take rate increase, both sequentially and year-over-year. Recent foreign currency volatility was also a significant driver of the increase versus Q2 as we reported GMV growth is more impacted by FX headwinds than revenue due to our hedging practices. Total advertising revenue grew 22% during the quarter, while first-party ads grew 27%. Our pacing volume by more than 30 points. This marked an acceleration of more than 10 points versus the GMV [indiscernible] in Q2 as both Promoted Listings and total ads reflects the double-digit growth we have anticipated. This strong result was primarily driven by continued optimization of our Standard Promoted Listings product, along with ramping contributions for [indiscernible] ad products, which continue to grow adoption and evolve their capabilities. Although our ad growth benefited from some onetime changes and a significant portfolio expansion this year, we are pleased our ad business remains on track to roughly double by 2025, despite a tougher macro environment that we have contemplated back in March. As expected, advertising surpassed managed payments as a primary driver of our take rate growth as the payment migration is nearly complete in Q3 of last year. Payments contributed roughly 10 basis points of our sequential take rate increase due to the ramp of new payment services. We are pleased these additional services remain on track to meet the $300 million target [indiscernible] invest that. Moving to profitability. Non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 28.9% in Q3, up nearly 30 basis points sequentially, but down close to three points year-over-year. Gross margins were roughly in line with the prior year, while sales and marketing and product development were notable areas of investment as we continue to invest in our focus categories and site-wide public accountants. We delivered $1 of non-GAAP EPS in Q3, up 11% which is ahead of expectations due to volume upsizing cost efficiency. We generated a GAAP loss per share of $0.13, primarily driven by losses on our investment portfolio due to ongoing market volatility. Turning to our balance sheet and capital allocation. Free cash flow grew 26% to $633 million in Q3, largely due to the timing of working capital items. Our balance sheet position remains strong as we ended the quarter with cash and nonequity investments of $4.8 billion and gross debt of $7.7 billion. We repurchased roughly $300 million of `shares at an average price of approximately $44 during Q3, and have more than $3.1 billion remaining into our current authorization. We paid a quarterly cash dividend of $120 million in September, or $0.22 per share. Year-to-date, we've returned over $3.2 billion to shareholders through repurchasing dividends, or roughly double our free cash flow. Although our share repurchases are elevated during the first half of the year due to our excess cash position, our capital allocation philosophy remains unchanged. Earlier this week, we closed our acquisition of TCG Player ahead of schedule for a total consideration of up to $295 million in cash. We are excited to have the team on board and expect them to accelerate innovation in our collectibles category. Our investment portfolio is detailed on Slide 19 of our investor presentation. Our equity investment stake provided approximately $3 billion at the end of Q3. Our $405 million Adevinta shares was valued at roughly $2.4 billion. We saw the remainder of the Adyen shares acquired through the first tranche of warrants for approximately $120 million in Q3. Our remaining Adyen investment is calculated based on the estimated value of our remaining warrant tranches. As always, we continue to manage our investment portfolio with the goal of maximizing shareholder value. Moving on to our outlook. Despite our resilient performance in Q3, -- the macro environment remains dynamic and difficult to predict. Consumer confidence remains near historic lows across our major markets, while the effects of the energy crisis in Europe may worsen as temperatures fall during the fourth quarter. Recent and upcoming Royal Mail strikes in the U.K. and other industry workforce disruptions across the region has incremental risk during the holiday. And despite the relative strength of the U.S. consumer through September, [indiscernible] exposed to decades high inflation appears to be softening demand [indiscernible]. In October, growth in our U.S. volume slowed by several points versus our 2019 [indiscernible]. In addition, recent declines in the Euro and Sterling led to an incremental FX headwind of approximately $300 million in Q4 GMV versus our prior outlook. Our hedging program should mitigate much of the incremental FX impact to revenue, operating income and EPS within the fourth quarter. For Q4, we now expect to generate between $17.5 billion and $18.1 billion of GMV, representing an FX-neutral decline between 9% and 6% with an FX headwind to spot growth of roughly seven points. We anticipate revenue between $2.42 billion and $2.5 billion, equating to a decline between 4% and 1% year-over-year. We forecasted non-GAAP operating margin between 29.7% to 30.3%. We expect to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.03 and $1.09, which were negative 2% and positive 4% year-over-year growth. For the duration of severity of the current macro headwinds remain as certain, recent trends suggest it's increasingly likely that will represent a meaningful headwind to our business well into the coming year. Additionally, if the strength of the U.S. dollar as a hold at today's rates, FX would represent an estimated headwind of three points to year-over-year GMV growth 2022. We would also face a five to six point headwind in non-GAAP earnings per share next year. In closing, Q3 was another strong quarter for eBay. We exceeded expectations for GMV, revenue and EPS, despite an increasingly challenging macro environment. Our marketplace remains resilient in the face of inflationary pressures. And our non-new-in-season focus enables to offer consumers low-cost alternatives to brand new products. Our advertising business accelerated meaningfully, while new payment services are scaling in line with expectations, providing incremental capacity for investments. Our fortress balance sheet, differentiated scale and durable financial model enable us to mitigate the margin impact of recent macro pressure, protect investments in our core strategic initiatives, and generate healthy earnings and cash flow. And we've returned roughly double our free cash flow to shareholders through repurchasing dividends this year, alongside inorganic investments to accelerate our strategy. Finally, I'm incredibly appreciative of how our employees have maintained their focus and support of our community during this challenging time. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. I know you talked about doing more full funnel marketing in the focus categories. Just curious about some of the results that you're seeing there, and then how you've expanded those efforts more materially to some other categories as well. And if you could just comment on the buyback as well, a smaller number than what we've seen in recent quarters. If there's any commentary you can add there. Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Hi, Doug, I'll take the first one. So part of our strategy and the shift on our marketing was really to approach this full funnel marketing and move away from just kind of lower funnel optimization. And that's worked out really well for us. So if you look, for example, at P&A, we're seeing good strength in P&A. We're approaching market growth rates and what we're doing there. And importantly, we're driving consideration. And that whole strategy has really been around, not just going after buyers, but going after enthusiast buyers. It's why you see us in the parts shows, in the sponsoring like I talked about, the U.K. MTV reboot, it's really aimed at that. And so we started that playbook with sneakers and some of our luxury, and it worked well. We've been expanding it to P&A. And so we're continuing to look at it because what we're seeing is it changes initial consideration for those categories. And then we get the multiplier effect that I talked about at Investor Day, plus it makes the lower funnel work harder, work easier with the support of the upper funnel. Steve, do you want to take the one on buyback?
Steve Priest: Yes, of course, hi Doug. Yes, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to returning excess cash to shareholders. We've been doing this extensively over the last number of years, and we'll continue to do so. I wouldn't be looking at this on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In fact, if you look year-to-date, we're tracking well ahead of the targets we laid out at our Investor Day, while we're committed to return 125% of the free cash flow. Year-to-date, we've returned $3.2 billion or 200% of our free cash flow. So buybacks and dividends will continue to be a core component of value creation for our shareholders and completed with where we are.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks Jamie and Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe two, if I can. First, curious what is embedded in the guidance in terms of the macro environment changing Q4 versus Q3? Are you willing to give us some sense of the bottom end of the range versus the top of the range, and maybe some elements of how macroeconomic volatility might push you in one direction or another as you look out over the next couple of months? And then looking beyond just one quarter forward, if the macroeconomic activity did become more volatile, how should we be thinking about those investments that you want to make next year, whether it's enthusiast buyer growth or focus categories that are most investments where you're willing to make them irrespective of the margin impact in a downward economic activity environment versus elements of where you can pull on levers to sort of manage margin outcomes if the overall volumes were to slow? Thanks so much.
Steve Priest: Hi, Eric, good afternoon. It's Steve, I'll pick this up. So as you would imagine, we've taken a very balanced and thoughtful approach to our Q4 guide. It's an incredibly dynamic macro environment that we're navigating through. So there's a number of factors that I'd highlight. The first one would be the underlying consumer environment. That obviously continues to be pressured. We've seen that for several quarters in Europe. And in October, in line with the prepared comments, we began to see U.S. consumer demand start to weaken. Secondly, we do expect further energy challenges as we enter the winter. And we're also facing labor challenges in Europe, particularly the Royal Mail, who are -- got a series of strikes in the U.K. And then thirdly, we are seeing the impact of currency. The U.S. is obviously particularly strong against the Euro and Sterling, which is impacting both our forecast and our reported results. So what I would say in terms of the fourth quarter, given the uncertainty of this environment, we have purposely given a wider range of potential outcomes. But really the -- where we ultimately land in the quarter will be a function of the macro environment and how that goes forward. Specifically, as we think going forward in terms of investment, I think that's the beauty of the eBay architecture and the durability of our financial model. We've continued to lean in, in the short term to drive operational effectiveness as we think about our business. And that sort of manifests itself in cost savings as we go through. Secondly, the business continues to be fueled by the ad strength that we saw in the third quarter and the momentum that we're seeing and the investments that we're making in payments. As we think about going forward, we will continue to invest in the core business, and we will protect that as we navigate the forthcoming quarters to continue to drive for the strategy and protect the long-term growth of the enterprise. That's what we've done for the last few quarters, and it's what we'll continue to do, and our financial architecture enables us to do that.
Eric Sheridan: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Colin Sebastian with Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks and good afternoon. I guess, first off, I want to go back to the comment, I think, Jamie, you made it around cross-category shopping from focus over to non-focus categories. I was hoping you could dig into that a little bit more with respect to how large an impact that's having, and if that's something that will pick up speed in coming quarters. And then maybe regarding the October trends in the U.S., does that suggest that some of the resiliency of the platform in non-new-in-season that you mentioned in Europe that maybe that's not as applicable in the U.S. market? Or is it just a matter of timing with respect to when these geographies are weakening? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so first thing I'd say is that we are seeing strength in our refurbished and used. It's about a third of our GMV, and that's up double-digits versus 2019. So in terms of the consumer reacting to the challenging economic times. In terms of the cross category that we laid out in March, we continue to see that. And the metrics are very helpful as we think about the caps we can afford to pay and how we leverage our focus categories across the business. So if I take the example of a sneakers buyer, an average buyer who buys a $100 pair of sneakers, they'll spend about [indiscernible] on sneakers, but $1,900 outside of sneakers and other categories. If I look at that number for handbags, we just expanded what we're doing in handbag authentication, a buyer who buys over $500, they'll spend $2,500 in handbags, but $5,000 in the other categories. So that is really key for us when you think about our strategy that we laid out at Investor Day with really driving focus categories. Part of the propping up of non-focus, in addition to the horizontal work that we're doing, is the impact of the cross-category shopping when we bring a buyer into focus categories. So we're doing more and more programs to help make that available to buyers and accelerate that, but we feel really good about the stats of what we're seeing there.
Steve Priest: Colin, and I'll pick up the other one. Specifically, your question about the U.S. as we get into the fourth quarter and the holiday season. It's pretty broad-based. I continue to be pleased to see the delta between our focus category penetration and momentum versus non-focus categories based on the investments that we're making. But as we look forward, as we look into October, it's pretty broad-based across all the categories that we have on the platform. One of the things I would say on an international basis, we are seeing some non-focus category momentum in Germany, in particular, as the German community continue to be concerned about energy availability as we get into the winter, and we're seeing pockets of non-focus category inventory get some momentum on the platform. But overall, I think all this is a reflection of the broader macroeconomic climate that we're operating within.
Colin Sebastian: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Okay, thanks guys. So can you talk about generally cross-border activity, I guess, on the back of the stronger U.S. dollar versus almost all other global currencies? And I know there's a natural hedge there, but are there certain larger corridors or categories which might be giving you an outsized headwind or a tailwind? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so a couple of things I'd say. One is there's been some easing of the supply chain as demand has come down, which has certainly helped from that perspective of our sellers. Obviously, currency differences make an impact in terms of certain corridors are stronger depending on the strength of any given currency. But we're leaning into the opportunities in cross-border trade. And I'd highlight two specific things. One is that we've actually with the rollout of buyer effects, made it easier in terms of currency choice for the buyer to buy in their local currency or in their -- in the currency of the seller. And we've seen a 70% adoption of that, and it's been performing well. We expanded that now into 38 currencies. The other thing that we're doing is making it easier starting with our U.S. business to do exports and execute exports on the business. So we've had a global shipping program for quite some time to make it easier. But the new enhancements that we're making or attempting to make it as easier to ship from Northern California to Southern California as shipping an international product off to Central America and really taking the friction out of that for our sellers. So those are the things that I would highlight in terms of the focus of what we're doing on a cross-border business.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. And apologies if this was asked before. Sorry, I was jumping around a few calls. I know you called out the outperformance of focus categories versus the rest. That's encouraging to see trends in the right direction. But can you give additional color on what the growth is on some of the larger focus categories inside that generic term? With some of them now kind of a few months under the new experience, how do you feel about these efforts helping with sustainable long-term growth in them? And then maybe a second question. Can you also provide some additional color on how currency weighs on your margins? Is there a sort of a framework to think about how some of the key currencies like Euro maybe on a sensitivity basis could weigh on percentage of margin points? Thank you so much.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so first on focus categories, we're pretty pleased with the performance that we're seeing across the board. I'd highlight a couple of things. First of all, our trading cards business continues to be at twice the volume it was coming into the pandemic. When I look at parts and accessories, the work that we're doing around fitment and specifically around driving initial consideration is helping us move towards market rates of growth there. And as we highlighted at our Investor Day, it's a huge category over $10 billion of GMV. The other thing that I would highlight is that as we've expanded the playbook from the U.S. to international, we're seeing the same type of impact that we saw in the international markets as we saw in U.S., so if I look at our luxury categories, this is sneakers, watches and handbags, we're seeing double-digit year-over-year growth in those categories internationally and higher customer satisfaction, similar to what we saw in our U.S. market. So we're continuing to lean in. You saw our recent announcement of jewelry and authenticating jewelry over $500. That's led to customer satisfaction over 90%. And we're going to continue to push forward and roll out additional categories and continue to improve in the focus categories that we've already launched. Steve, do you want to take the currency?
Steve Priest: Yes, hi Deepak. And good afternoon. First on the highlights on the short-term. We have a great track record here at eBay of managing FX volatility. The teams do a really nice job. And that obviously, GMV is an operational metric that is not -- that continues to be exposed and is not insulated from changes in exchange. But quarter-to-quarter, we continue to hedge ROI, revenue and EPS. And so the quarter-to-quarter impacts are rather de minimis. What we've called out today is about the longer term. So if the U.S. dollar remains in a strong position it is today, and that continues through 2023, there is a natural challenge that you would incur as you get into '23 because it's much further out from a hedging standpoint. And we would expect that headwind to be approximately three points on GMV and between five and six points to EPS, which obviously, from that perspective, because product is going to be revenue would have an implication on margins. And really, that's a reflection of if the U.S. dollar remained at its current state versus the Euro and Sterling.
Deepak Mathivanan: Got it, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Curtis Nagle with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Curtis Nagle: Good afternoon, thanks very much for taking the question. So I wanted to dig a little more into the strong advertising numbers in the quarter. And I guess just what drove the incremental improvement from 2Q, right? So you guys have rolled out a number of initiatives with the Promoted Listing Advanced and a few other things. Did that pick up more? Or was it perhaps sellers maybe trying to get a little bit more visibility through your platform in a retail backdrop that's just a little more competitive and a little bit more promotional. What's driven that improvement?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, we're really pleased with the performance of the ads revenue up 27% year-on-year on an FX-neutral basis. I'd say the reaccelerated growth is really driven by two factors. One is just the optimization of our Promoted Listing Standard that improved search algorithm performance, and we created more accurate ad rate recommendations that helped us increase conversion. And the second is just the ongoing contribution from our new ad products. Our three new products contributed double-digits quarter-on-quarter. So certainly, in Q3, it had some onetime step-ups from the product optimization and from that portfolio expansion of three new products, the external, advanced and our other products. But when I think about it, the thing that makes me bullish on our product is when I think about the ROAS, we're still having a really healthy ROAS. And so the benefit of -- to our sellers is -- continues to be healthy. So we're on track to meet our stated goals of doubling our ads business by 2025.
Curtis Nagle: Okay, thanks. It's really helpful. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Youssef Squali with Truist. Your line is open.
Youssef Squali: Hi, thank you very much. Two questions for me, please. One, at Analyst Day, you guys presented some targets. I think it was mid-single-digit GMV growth in 2023, 2024, and total margin expansion of about 100 bps 2022 to 2024. I know a lot happened since then already. Just wanted to get a sense from you guys, sitting where you sit right now on the back of this performance, if you think those targets are still achievable? And second, on the M&A, I was wondering, Jamie, maybe if you guys have any interest in expanding further into the use of luxury apparel maybe through M&A, just given some depressed valuations for some of the players that we've seen out there. I think through the acquisition of TCG, you guys now have some fulfillment -- order fulfillment capabilities. Wondering if doing the same thing in luxury apparel could be attractive to you? Thank you.
Steve Priest: Hi, Youssef, I'll pick up the first one. We remain confident in the long-term goals that we laid out at our Investor event back in March. The strategy is clearly working. We're coming out of the pandemic in a much stronger position than we went into it. GMV is continued to be fueled in our focus categories by the investments we continue to make. The payments entity within our enterprise has continued to deliver. And we're well on track for the $300 million that we laid out back in March. And as you've heard from our prepared remarks, our advertising business is moving very strongly. So I'm very encouraged by the investments we're making in the long-term strategy and how that's getting executed. The timing of the delivery of the goals that we laid out is really going to be a function of the macro environment in which we're operating in. It's very, very clear in terms of the severity of the headwinds that are going through, it's likely to continue to impact us in 2023. As we've talked about, we expect that to sort of go into the next year. But really, it's around that severity and duration, that will imply the timing of when we get to those long-term targets that we continue to be confident in.
Jamie Iannone: And let me just take the M&A one. Yes, M&A has been and will continue to be a key part of our strategy. I've talked about the Build By Partner framework that we have. And as you noted, TCG Player was really about helping us in a core category of collectibles and specifically in collectible trading cards, giving us new capabilities and tools and access to local hobby shops. I'd also point to My Fitment, which I've talked for two quarters now about the importance of Fitment, building trust in the parts and accessories category, and so excited by that one. So you should expect us to continue to look at key areas such as vertical expansion or boosting our core strategy, tech and talent and then opportunities to expand our overall capabilities. Always doing it in the framework that I've outlined to Build By Partner that we think has the best return for shareholders.
Youssef Squali: Great, thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Blackledge with Cowen. Your line is open.
John Blackledge: Great, thanks. Two questions. First, how are the enthusiast buyers holding up in the current macro environment? Have you noticed any changes sequentially, call it, 3Q versus 2Q or versus 1Q? And then second question, kind of a follow-up on the advertising business. Should we think that the ads will grow through these challenging macro headwinds in 4Q and into '23, similar to the strength that we saw in the third quarter? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on enthusiast buyers. In Q3, we had 17 million enthusiast buyers, which was relatively flat to Q2. And so the way you think about that is we're no longer facing the tough lapping from our comps related to the COVID dynamics. But we do expect some pressure on that count in the coming quarters as a result of the current macro environment. But when we look at it, the vast majority of enthusiasts remain active buyers. It's just a movement between mid-value and enthusiast buyers. And for us, enthusiast buyers is a very healthy spend. If you think about the average spend of that being $3,000 a year, that's up to like membership level spend. So over the next few years, we expect enthusiast buyers to continue to grow and spend more as we continue to execute on our strategy. As I talked about, their spend is up double-digits versus '19, so really healthy. So the other thing I'd say on the ad business is we don't expect it to be linear quarter-to-quarter. But we've been enhancing and adding new products. I talked about the quarter-over-quarter growth that we're seeing in our new products. So we're on track to $2 billion. As I said, there were some onetime step-up things that we saw in Q3. But overall, our ROAS is healthy. I mentioned the statistics on the call that we now have two million sellers who have purchased at least one ad product in their listing, which is healthy. So we feel right on track with the goals that we outlined back in Investor Day.
John Blackledge: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Richard Kramer with Arete Research. Your line is open. Richard Kramer, your line is open.
Richard Kramer: Sorry, I was on mute. Jamie, in your recent FT interview, you basically raised the white flag about talking about in-season, new in-season goods and not competing with some of the bigger players. Can you give us a sense of what proportion of GMV these still represents as you're transitioning the business to the enthusiast-focus category as you mentioned? And then also, just to dig in a little bit on the algo changes you made and that led to the acceleration in advertising. Can you quantify or track what sort of GMV resulted from the incremental $40 million your sellers would have invested in ads this quarter? Are you able to directly see that, that advertising investment that gets made is lifting GMV in some material way? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first question, when we think about the non-new in season, it represents about 90% of what we sell on the platform. So that's both used and refurbished and think N minus 1 last year's fashion, white label goods, all of those types of things. So the majority of what we sell is actually in the non-new-in-season business that we have on the platform. The stat that I talked about earlier is that one-third of our business is -- about one-third of our GMV is used and refurbished, and that's actually accelerating faster given the ties that we see. In terms of the advertising money that our sellers are spending, the majority of what we collect is via our CPA-based program, which is Promoted Listing Standard, which is a direct attribution program. So as we're able to drive incremental sales for them, we monetize that. So we've added the new products, like the CPC-based products in Promoted Listings Advanced. But what we're doing from a CPA standpoint has a direct tie to GMV. I would say the same is true for our seller program, which is partnering with our sellers to drive external traffic to their listings on eBay, which as I said before, sellers are seeing a really good ROAS on our platform, especially relative to other places that they can market their products.
Richard Kramer: Okay, thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Thank you.
Joe Billante: Operator, we have time for one more.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Sean Dunlop with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Sean Dunlop: Great, thanks for squeezing me in. So a lot of my questions have been asked, but just trying to think a little bit about GMV sensitivity and potential consumer trade down. So for the 3P marketplaces, it can sometimes be a little bit tougher for us to see. But I'm wondering if you could indicate how much pricing sellers have taken on the eBay platform even if that's just truly ASP? And if that potentially improves the eBay value proposition on a relative basis? And then my second question would be about 32% of GMV from used and refurb goods that you talked about, Jamie. I'm just curious how that held up in the last big downturn maybe in 2007 to 2009? I appreciate it.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So I'd say in general, we're not immune to the macro impact. And so Steve talked earlier in his remarks about we think there'll be likely meaningful headwinds into '23. But we do have a more resilient business model because of the shift in focus of moving towards non-new-in-season and refurbished. And so that 32% is growing faster than the rest of the site. And I would just say, in general, value is a key tent-pole for our buyers on the site, and we're continuing to push it. From some perspective, I think this is a double win for us because we've been pushing e-commerce, we love, et cetera, as part of our massive ESG efforts that we have on the platform and really being the pioneers of re-commerce and saving products from the landfill, et cetera. And now where consumers want to value, we're seeing a real willingness to purchase there. The last thing I'd say is that Gen Z is much more inclined to buy pre-owned and pre-loved goods, and so we're leaning into that trend. So it's great to see that from the value standpoint. It's also great in terms of the ESG impact that it has in the business. I'd like to say that ESG is so core to eBay that we should be in every ESG fund because of the importance of it and the role we play in re-commerce. But that's how I would kind of characterize where we are today, and I think what we'll see into the coming quarters.
Sean Dunlop: Great, thanks. Very helpful.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the eBay Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It's now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Mr. Joe Billante, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Joe Billante: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2022. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Jamie's and Steve's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie's and Steve's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of August 3, 2022, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier this year, during our Investor Day, we updated you on the progress of our Tech-Led Reimagination and outlined our vision for the future. I'm really excited about the pace at which our talented teams are delivering against that plan. Our focus category playbook is working. Enthusiast buyers are spending more, and advertising and payments continue to grow. This quarter, we launched several key innovations in line with our long-term objectives. These ongoing efforts have put eBay in a stronger position today than it was when we entered the pandemic. I'm pleased to say that during the second quarter, we delivered better than expected financial results across the board. We delivered over $18.5 billion in GMV and over $2.4 billion in revenue. We continue to invest in marketing and product while achieving close to 29% operating margin, and our non-GAAP EPS was $0.99. Our focus category payments and advertising initiatives helped offset the impact of the war in Ukraine, rising inflation and a more uncertain macro environment. Looking ahead, we remain on track to deliver on our full year commitments, and we'll continue to invest and manage towards sustainable long-term growth. Later in the call, Steve will go into more detail about our outlook. One of the most important pillars of our long-term plan is our focus category strategy. Investments in trust, product experience and marketing are increasing customer satisfaction, leading to faster volume growth. Last quarter, excluding trading cards, focus category GMV grew 9 points faster than the rest of the platform. Trading cards are lower than last year's [stimulus fuelled] (ph) results, but volume remains robust at more than double prepandemic levels. We are seeing significant outperformance in focus categories globally. Although the US is higher than international. The primary reasons for the difference are the timing of launches and category mix by market. The markets where it's implemented these changes, customer satisfaction remains at or near best-in-class levels. The vast majority of our enthusiast buyer shop in focus categories and their spending levels remain above $3,000 per year. We continue to see cross-category shopping activity consistent with data we shared during Investor Day in March. One of our largest focus categories is parts and accessories, which is one of the highest buyer NPS scores on the platform. We know from experience how crucial trust is, and fitment is one of the best enablers of trust. To ensure every buyer finds the perfect part to fit their vehicle, we are enhancing all of the AI that powers search, merchandising and advertising. In addition, we have rolled out more ways for P&A enthusiasts to discover the wide range of inventory on eBay. In our international markets, we have added over 100,000 fitment-based browse pages last quarter alone. We also expanded our supply of OEM and certified green parts. To drive demand to our huge supply of P&A inventory, we continue to invest in full-funnel marketing. Initial consideration is showing encouraging early signs, and we see further opportunity to attract more enthusiasts. Across other focus categories, we took several steps over the past quarter to expand coverage. To enhance our leadership position in trading cards, we expanded authentication services to a wider range of graded items. In addition, we rolled out a new feature where enthusiasts can now use the popular My Collections tool to track a broader set of inventory, including sports trading cards. In eBay Refurbished, we added more trusted sellers and expanded categories in the program. These included headphones, audio, gaming consoles and smart home devices. Refurbished products are growing faster than new products in the same category, in part due to increased customer satisfaction. And in sneakers, we added more products to our catalog, which now includes the top 40 brands across our 4 largest markets. This expansion reduces friction in selling and buying experiences. We also started authenticating handbags in Germany and handbag accessories such as wallets in the U.S. The next focus category where we are innovating and changing the customer experience is jewelry. Recently, we announced authentication for eligible new and preowned jewelry items over $500. We are partnering with GIA, the Gemological Institute of America, who bring 90 years of experience to our partnership. Like other focus categories, we will improve the product experience, increase customer satisfaction and change how we market to jewelry enthusiasts over time. I am pleased with the near-term progress in focus categories, and we remain on track to expand coverage and drive growth back towards market rates. Equally important is evolving our capabilities to attract the next generation of enthusiast buyers. In Q2, we took several steps toward that objective. In June, we marked an important milestone with the opening of the eBay Vault. This state-of-the-art facility enables a new format for sellers and buyers to trade and build their collections in real time. The Vault is initially accepting graded authenticated trading cards above $500 and will expand to more products over time. Sellers are taking advantage of an initial year of free storage and no selling fees for Vault sales. This innovation will help us transform many product categories. One reason that we're excited to launch the Vault is because it can enable real-time transactions for physical or digital goods. This intersection is nascent, the one that collectible enthusiasts are increasingly exploring. This is part of the rationale behind our second quarter acquisition of KnownOrigin. KnownOrigin is an NFT platform that enables artists and collectors to create, buy and resell NFTs via blockchain-supported transactions. Their team is highly talented and has extensive technical experience in this rapidly evolving space. They were one of the early pioneers of NFTs and are a perfect fit to make eBay the destination to collect and trade. In the second quarter, we also began to experiment with Live Commerce. Although Western market adoption of live shopping remains low, we are optimizing our user experience ahead of this emerging trend. Early pilots have seen users engage, on average, for 15 minutes at a time with approximately 1/4 of them interacting directly with the event. We will continue to optimize this capability in future quarters. The Vault, NFTs and Live Commerce were all long-term strategic opportunities that we mentioned at Investor Day, and I'm pleased that in a few short months, we are already making progress in these areas. Customers are also seeing rapid improvements in payments capabilities where we continue to build out new services for sellers and buyers. For example, we rolled out additional forms of payment popular with German buyers, especially Gen Z. Through our partnership with Klarna, consumers can now pay upon invoice or in installments. We also expanded our Buyer FX program, which allows eBay buyers to purchase in the currency of their choice. Recently, we expanded this global service from 8 currencies to over 30 currencies. To date, we have seen over 60% adoption on related transactions. These new services are reducing transactional friction for sellers and buyers while delivering incremental revenue to eBay. Advertising is also driving growth through innovation. Despite the macro environment, ad rates and adoption continue to grow due to the high return on ad spend that seller's experience on eBay. In Q2, our ads business accelerated faster than volume and delivered revenue that was nearly 1.5% of GMV. Promoted Listings drove first-party ad revenue to $232 million, up 6%. This was 20 points faster than GMV growth. Our largest product, Standard Promoted Listings, grew in the quarter due to conversion optimization and pricing changes. Our 3 newer advertising products that we launched last year grew almost 30% versus Q1. The largest contributor was Promoted Listings Advanced, which saw increased seller adoption and exposure. Our advertising business remains on track with the long-term goals we outlined at Investor Day, and we anticipate that Promoted Listings will return to double-digit growth in the coming quarters. ESG is a major focus for the eBay team. And during the quarter, we made steady progress on our commitments in this space. Recommerce continues to be a huge volume driver on eBay. As we've shared before, non-new and season inventory is driving the vast majority of volume on the platform. In particular, demand for refurbished and used goods is growing in many categories. And we are well positioned to hit our long-term recommerce goals. eBay has a tremendous impact on the economy beyond our own results. As mentioned in our most recent impact report, in the U.S. alone, eBay supports more than 1 million jobs. The vast majority of these jobs come from small and micro business entrepreneurs selling on the platform. Another meaningful economic impact comes from the generosity of our community. eBay for Charity allows sellers and buyers to make a positive difference in the world. During the quarter, eBay for Charity raised nearly $56 million, up 52% year-over-year. And Q2 marked the Final Power of One Charity Auction with Warren Buffett, raising over $19 million. Over almost two decades, these auctions have raised more than $53 million for GLIDE, a nationally recognized center for equity. I'm truly inspired by the continued generosity powered by our marketplace. Finally, the team and I are honored to have received multiple prestigious awards this quarter. We were recognized as one of LinkedIn's top companies in retail, and we received 3 Women's Choice Awards in the consumer Internet category, Best companies for Diversity, Best Companies for Women and Best Companies for Millennials. I am proud to be in a team that focuses so heavily on the impact we are making in the lives of our employees, our customers and our communities. In closing, Q2 was a strong quarter for eBay. We delivered better-than-expected short-term results while marking several important milestones towards our long-term vision. GMV, revenue and EPS for Q2 all exceeded consensus estimates. Focus categories outperformed the rest of the marketplace by nine points, excluding trading cars. We maintained high NPS scores from enthusiast buyers who spend more per buyer. Coverage extended to more refurbished products and new categories like Joy. The eBay Vault, a game-changing capability that will enable the future of collecting. We acquired KnownOrigin to accelerate our connections between physical and digital. Our payments team scaled our Buyer FX capabilities, further simplifying frost currency transactions and rolled out Klarna to German customers. Our advertising business accelerated faster than volume, putting Promoted Listings on a trajectory to a double-digit growth in the coming quarters. And eBay for Charity raised nearly $56 million, including a record-breaking Power of One Auction with Warren Buffett. Before I hand over to Steve, I want to thank our amazing team who has continued to work hard innovating and exceptional experience for our customers around the world. They are delivering high-quality products and technologies that are translating into higher NPS scores and driving long-term growth for the company. To our sellers, thank you for continuing to partner with us. Your feedback is extremely valuable and helps us create trusted, reliable and frictionless experiences. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Stephen Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin our discussion with highlights from the second quarter on Slide 10 of our earnings presentation. Next, I'll review our key operating and financial metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll show our outlook for the remainder of the year and add some closing thoughts before we begin Q&A. As usual, my comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons on an FX-neutral basis, unless I announce otherwise. Overall, I'm incredibly proud of our teams for delivering strong results amid some of the most challenging macroeconomic conditions in recent memory. Our Q2 GMV revenue and non-GAAP EPS each exceeded expectations and top the high end of our guidance range. Our second quarter revenue was down 6% to over $2.4 billion, outpacing volume growth by approximately 8 points due to contributions from payments and advertising. Non-GAAP operating margin was 28.7%, down nearly 4 points sequentially due to volume deleverage and the seasonality of marketing spend. We delivered non-GAAP earnings of $0.99 per share, in line with the prior year. And we generated $466 million of free cash flow and returned over $1.4 billion to shareholders to share repurchases and dividends in the quarter. Our strong Q2 results are a testament to the focus and dedication of our employees and the durability of our marketplace and financial model during periods of macro uncertainty. Let's take a closer look at the drivers of our financial performance in Q2. Gross merchandise volume declined 14% as we like the elevated mobility restrictions in 2021. We also contended with a more challenging macro environment this year due to the conflict in Ukraine, ongoing supply chain challenges and rising inflation across our major markets. In spite of these headwinds, we saw volumes remain relatively stable as we progressed through the quarter, with GMV growing 5% versus our pre-COVID baseline in Q2 of 2019. We continue to scale our investments in long-term growth initiatives and observe proof points demonstrating our strategy is working. Excluding trading cards, focus categories outpaced the remainder of our marketplace by 9 points driven by the continued evolution of the product experience on eBay and growing awareness of our seller's unique high-quality inventory. Moving to active buyers. Trailing 12-month active buyers were $138 million during the quarter, down roughly $4 million sequentially due to the lapping of mobility restrictions during 2021. We announced the wind down of our Turkey business in June, which contributed nearly 4 million active buyers in Q1. These buyers would gradually roll off our total count over the next few quarters. Excluding Turkey, active buyers would have been 135 million in Q2. Importantly, disclosure will not materially impact our financials moving forward. Consumed gas buyers made up approximately $17 million of our active buyers in Q2. As we noted at Investor Day, we expected some movement between the enthusiasts and mid-value buyers in 2022 due to the lapping of elevated spending from mobility restrictions and stimulus last year. Notably, over 99% of last quarter's enthusiasts continue to be active buyers on eBay, of those buyers migrating downward, the vast majority remains in our mid-value group, only between $200 and $800 per year. And importantly, average spend among enthusiast buyers grew sequentially remains over $3,000 annually, up double digits versus 2019, demonstrating the robust demand among this lower group of eBay shoppers. Looking at our business on a geographic basis. U.S. GMV grew 15% compared to Q2 of 2019, while international GMV was down 3% over the same time period. The growth differential between our U.S. and international markets was exacerbated by recent macro and geopolitical developments as our European markets have been more meaningfully impacted given their proximity to Ukraine. The U.S. also benefited from stronger economic growth, leading up to the Ukraine conflict, while our international markets were more exposed to the supply chain challenges impacting cross-border trade. Encouragingly, our focus categories are outperforming the rest of the marketplace on a global basis, demonstrating our innovation playbook is working across regions, although the level of outperformance is slightly higher in the U.S. due to the timing of launches and the relative category mix. Turning to revenue. Net revenue in Q2 was over $2.4 billion, down 6% due to the lapping of mobility restrictions last year and the intensity to macro headwinds over the last few months. However, revenue at past GMV growth of roughly eight points due to positive contributions from payments and advertising. As a result, our transaction take rate increased to 12.4% versus 12.1% in Q1. Total advertising revenue grew 4%, while first-party ads grew 6%, outpacing volume by approximately 20 points. This represents an acceleration versus Q1 driven by continued optimization of our standard Promoted Listings product, the growing scale, adoption and sophistication of our newer ad products and healthy returns on ad spend across our portfolio. We are extremely pleased with the momentum in our ads business and expect Promoted Listings revenue to return to double-digit growth in the coming quarters. Managed payments contributed roughly 4 points of revenue growth during the quarter. Payments revenue remained comfortably above a $2 billion run rate despite recent volume pressure as new services like buyer and seller FX are scaled in line with expectations. These new payment services remain on track to achieve a $300 million revenue target we discussed at our Investor Day. Moving to profitability. Our non-GAAP operating margin was approximately 28.7% in Q2, down roughly four points sequentially, primarily driven by top line deleverage and the advancement of our full federal marketing strategy. We also continue to invest in product innovation, supporting our focus categories and horizontal marketplace improvements. Our G&A expense includes exit costs related to the wind down of our Turkey business, which offset lower employee-related costs in the quarter. We delivered $0.99 of non-GAAP EPS in Q2, which was in line with our prior year and above our outlook for the quarter. The lapping of COVID-driven volume tailwinds in the prior year was offset by cost efficiencies, better-than-expected volume and the net benefit of share repurchase during the quarter. A portion of the EPS upside was driven by the timing of our expense run. We continue to invest in our long-term plan despite the short-term macro uncertainty. We generated a GAAP loss per share of $0.96 primarily driven by losses in our investment portfolio due to ongoing market volatility. Turning to capital allocation. We generated $466 million of free cash flow in Q2 by nearly 50% due to the lapping of onetime working capital benefits associated with the managed payments migration and lower volume versus the prior year. We ended the quarter with cash and non-equity investments of $4.5 billion, along with gross debt of $7.7 billion after redeeming $605 million of notes during the second quarter. We repurchased $1.3 billion of shares at an average price of approximately $51 during Q2 and have more than $3.4 billion remaining under our current authorization. We also paid a quarterly cash dividend of $121 million in June or $0.22 per share. Our repurchase have reduced outstanding shares by roughly $45 million over the last 2 quarters net of dilution. Despite the dynamic macro environment, we remain balanced and disciplined in our approach to capital allocation. For launch of the eBay vault, our investments in Funko, the acquisition of KnownOrigin and our PSA authentication partnership are a few recent examples of our build by partner framework, helping us to accomplish strategic objectives. Our investment portfolio is detailed on Slide 20. Equity investment stakes were valued at approximately $4 billion at the end of Q2. We sold roughly $370 million in aggregate of Kakao Bank and Adyen shares during the second quarter, while market volatility impacted the value of our remaining stake. We'll continue to manage our investment portfolio with an intent of maximizing shareholder value. You'll see additional detail on our share sales and remaining investment holdings in our 10-Q. Moving on to our outlook. Our business has remained resilient in recent months despite escalating macro headwinds, but the operating environment remains dynamic and difficult to predict. The spread of COVID variants, persistent supply chain issues, elevated inflation and the impact of rising interest rates will likely wear on consumers' discussional spend for some time. The duration and severity of the economic impact from the Ukraine war and related sanctions are even more challenging to anticipate. Given our outperformance in Q2, relatively stable volume trends as we progress through the quarter. We are maintaining our outlook for an FX-neutral GMV decline between 12% and 10% for the full year. While we land in that range, we'll likely be determined by whether the current macro headwinds of study, intensify or subside. Additionally, recent currency movements relate to an incremental FX headwind of roughly $500 million to 2022 GMV versus our prior outlook. On a spot basis, our guidance translates to full year GMV between $72.7 million to $74.7 billion. Our hedging plan should help us mitigate the incremental FX impact to revenue, operating income and EPS. Our revenue outlook for 2022 remains unchanged of between $9.6 billion and $9.9 billion, represents an FX-neutral decline of between 6% and 3% or 6 or 7 points faster than volume growth. We also maintain our non-GAAP operating margin target of between 29% and 30% for the full year. We now expect non-GAAP EPS of between $3.95 and $4.10, raising the low end of our prior range by $0.05. Looking to Q3 guidance. We actually generate between $17 billion and $17.6 billion of GMV, representing an FX-neutral decline of between 9% and 6%. We anticipate revenue between $2.29 billion and $2.37 billion or a decline of between 5% and 2%. We forecast a non-GAAP operating margin of between 27% and 28% as we continue to invest in our marketing and product experience initiatives to support focus categories and horizontal marketplace innovation. We expect to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share of between $0.89 and $0.95, representing growth of negative 1% and positive 6%. In closing, Q2 was a strong quarter for eBay. We exceeded expectations across all key financial metrics despite facing challenging macro headwinds in recent months. Our fortress balance sheet and durable financial model put us in a fortunate position to continue investing in long-term growth while delivering robust earnings and free cash flow amidst an uncertain macro environment. eBay's track record of shareholder-friendly capital allocation continued as we returned over $1.4 billion through share repurchases and cash dividends this quarter. Our advertising and payments teams continue to innovate with new services and capabilities, which are driving revenue in excess of volume growth at healthy incremental margins. And I'm particularly proud of our team's focus and financial discipline, which has enabled us to remain on track to reach our ambitious impact goals and climate reduction targets during this period of economic uncertainty. Fostering sustainable business practices and enabling equitable inclusive entrepreneurship have never been more important than they are today. Finally, I want to express my sincere gratitude to our dedicated eBay employees to continuously striving to deliver a better future for our customers, our global community and our planet. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Ross Sandler with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Just maybe start with the macro. I guess this one is for Steve. So your full year GMV growth, ex FX, hasn't changed from the last quarterly call despite what looks like fairly meaningful deterioration for consumers in Germany and U.K. from what we heard from a lot of other companies. So maybe could you just help us with what you saw in terms of linearity throughout 2Q? What you're seeing thus far in 3Q? What you baked into the second half GMV growth? And then a question we often get from folks is, how much of your GMV is discretionary versus what would be considered maybe nondiscretionary? Any help with that would be great.
Stephen Priest: Yes. I'll take that one. First of all, I wanted to say how pleased I am with both the results and the execution of eBay during the second quarter, as I stated in the prepared comments. As you would imagine, as we look to the rest of the year, we've been very thoughtful about the guide and obviously take into account of the current environment. As I think about it, there's 3 significant considerations that we've taken into account and expect to continue throughout the rest of 2022. The first being the impact of the war in Ukraine, which has a disproportionate impact on the European business because of the proximity to Ukraine and the pressure on energy prices. Secondly, the supply chain constraints, which are having an impact on our cross-border trade. And again, we expect those to prevail through the rest of the year. And then thirdly, just really thinking about the broader macro backdrop where we're seeing elevated inflation, rising interest rates, which are having associated impacts on consumer discretionary spend that are all putting pressure. As we consider that, we've put a broader range than we ordinarily would do in the second half of the year to take account of those three significant items. And ultimately, we land within our guidance range will be determined how that macro environment and those macro headwinds evolve over the second half, whether they hold steady, whether they intensify or indeed whether they subside. With regards to the specific areas versus GMV, we obviously have a very global and significant business across the globe. We don't have grocery. We dont have no material FMCG, and so there's a broad-based of countries. So I wouldn't point to any specific area that would stand out for me. Perhaps, Jamie, if you've got anything that you'd like to add.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. I think it's hard to differentiate discretionary versus nondiscretionary. I think if you go back to Investor Day, you'll see that we had 5 -- we have five big areas over $10 billion. So obviously, when times are tough, people trade down, and that's where kind of our Refurb is helping out, et cetera. So hard to kind of pull that out. But I would say, as Steve said, it's -- we don't have grocery or material FMCG on the site.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nikhil Devnani with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Nikhil Devnani: Nice to see the Q2 margin beat. Can you just talk about what got better in the quarter versus your expectations? Was there any delay of certain investments that are now taking place in the third quarter? Or did you realize incremental efficiency gains there? And then as a second question, how are you thinking about focus category growth going forward relative to the rest of the GMV base?
Stephen Priest: Nikhil, I'll pick up the first part, and then Jamie perhaps can pick up the second. With regard to the second quarter, as you would anticipate, we continue to lean in in terms of operational efficiencies in the short term while we do continue to invest for the long term to drive that long-term sustainable growth that we talked about at our investor event back in March. Candidly, it's really an effect of timing. We had expected some incremental ramp of expenditure as we went through with those investments in the second quarter. Some of that will ramp in the third quarter. And that's why you've seen us hold our full year margin guidance intact for the full year. Jamie, perhaps you'd like to cover the focus categories question.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Look, we're pleased with the outperformance of focus categories being 9 points above the rest of the business. Importantly, we're continuing to invest. We rolled out jewelry this quarter with a partnership with GIA for jewelry over $500. We expanded what we're doing in handbags, launching that in Germany, bringing accessories, things like wallets in the U.S., expanded Refurb to additional categories, headphones audio, gaming console, smart home devices. So we're continuing to invest in our focus categories. As I've always said, it's not a won and done. I mean if you think about the launch of vault and the incremental authentication that we've launched in collectibles, that was a category we started on as a focus category more than a year ago. So we're going to continue to innovate both on the existing ones that are there and launch new ones like we did with jewelry this quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth: I just want to follow up on focus categories and ask about the vault, which recently launched. I know it's early, but just curious how consumer reaction has been so far and what engagement has looked like and just how you're thinking about kind of monetization there going forward.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So it's early days, as you said, but we're excited by the initial feedback from the early customers. So it's having the intended impact, which is giving them a frictionless way to buy and sell on the platform to encourage sellers to use it because, obviously, there's a first-mover advantage. We think once the product is in the vault. It's unlikely to move to a different vault or there can be withdrawal. So we reduced fees through the end of the year on things like storage and selling fees in order to encourage adoption. And we're kind of right on track with where we thought. We're going to continue to innovate, add more categories and add more products over time, but a good early start to the program.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Colin Sebastian with Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Good, of course, to see the progress here on the platform. Jim, I know you've been asked this before, but just reflecting on the past quarter, last few months, do you think the marketplace is benefiting all from consumers trading down a bit just given the pressures on the pocketbook right now sort of that countercyclical benefit? And then, Steve, you mentioned growing awareness on the platform. And I'm just curious how you're evaluating that. Is there data you're looking at in things like traffic to the site or other signals that might not yet be showing up in volume monetization that we might expect to see down the line a bit?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So on the first one on the kind of countercyclical, I'm really happy we refocused the strategy towards non-new and season 2.5 years ago because it is -- we're leaning into opportunities of where the consumer can be and makes the platform more resilient. So we are seeing strength in things like our refurbished category where consumers can trade down. And frankly, just the value of eBay of having non-new and season makes the platform a little bit more resilient. Over time as well selling is important in tough times for consumers because, as I've said all along, they've got $4,000 of stuff in the house that they could sell, and they -- less than 20% of that is online. So we're essentially working to kind of lean into both. On your question on awareness around our spend, we do look at everything, buyers traffic and seller. But 1 thing we measure pretty religiously is kind of initial consideration of what we're doing. So what you see us do is shift from doing a lot of lower funnel to more full-funnel marketing. I think about us being at the New York parts, Joe, what we're doing in collectibles with the MLB All-Star games. Next week, you'll see us launch a program in the U.K. with Pimp My Ride, which is really focused on our parts and accessories and being where enthusiasts are. And what we're really doing there is focusing on eBay and initial consideration set and really talking about the value propositions that we're building through focus categories. And what I'd say is we're excited about the initial results and the early movements in ICS in the campaigns that we're running.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: So Jamie, trading cards have -- obviously, we received all the investor attention perhaps within collectibles, but is there anything you can highlight in terms of other potential collectibles categories where you can start bringing the higher focus and perhaps the vault offering, maybe stamps or corns or comic books or other things and what the potential size of some of those other categories might be? And I guess, secondarily, on KnownOrigin, I guess, granted this is definitely one for the mid- to longer term, but it's our understanding that there have been platforms out there that allow for trading of digital goods, primarily probably more with video game and in-game items. And those have been in existence for some time, and this seems to have been an area where eBay has really never felt the need to participate. So why is now the right time to enter this vertical?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So I'd say a couple of things. First, on the collectibles business, yes, we've leaned in a lot to trading cards because of the opportunity that we see in that market. But if you go back to Investor Day, where we size the collectibles business, it's over a $10 billion category. So there's lots of different elements in there and, frankly, lots of different elements geographically. So there's things stronger in our U.K. and German business where trading cards is more of a U.S. phenomenon from that perspective because collecting is interesting regionally, although there is a good amount of cross-border trade when it comes to collectibles. So we're going to continue to invest in collectibles and broadly as a category. On KnownOrigin, it's really -- a key part of that is the talent that we're bringing in. If you look at the team there, they're really the founding -- some of the founding pioneers and the early work around NFTs and digital. And so bringing that directly into eBay, I think, really helps us as we think about the intersection of physical and digital, some of the pieces that Jordan outlined at Investor Day because eBay has been always the place where people go to collect things. And so being able to figure out how to bring them on to the platform, I think, is a key advantage. I'd say it's really early days, but I think we found a great amazing team that we're integrating into the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Going back to the Analyst Day, you guys talked about the ability to continue to sort of innovate around the marketing platform for yourselves over the medium to long term. Any update on how you're thinking about advertising solutions continuing to innovate and change on the platform for sellers? And how we should be thinking about investments versus the cadence of rollout of some of those potential products in the quarters ahead?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. And I assume when you mean advertising solutions, you mean what we're doing to bring traffic to the site, not the advertising product on the site. So on the marketing side, yes, we've absolutely been doing a shift both kind of moving more towards mid-funnel, going after more paid social younger demographics in terms of what we're doing with TikTok and those types of programs. And we've been enhancing what we're doing from a marketing perspective, rolling out a new marketing technology, we call it user experience platform, to help us be much more efficient with that. As it relates to specifically to sellers, I'd point to 2 things. First is the investments that we're making in external Promoted Listings. So having sellers that are in our Promoted Listings product, be able to generate specific traffic to their business. And then the second thing is all the work that we've done over the last probably 18 months around eBay stores, about letting them build the brand in the marketplace, about letting them incorporate videos into their experience, around letting them spend coupons to interested or repeat buyers in the platform because we see this twofold. One is being able to drive traffic there but also helping them drive their repeat business on eBay, which is why we've been making those investments. Also, we think it's really critical to our second pillar being the seller platform of choice. So we're going to continue to push forward on those types of innovations on behalf of our sellers.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Champion with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Tom Champion: Jamie, it sounds like you're seeing steady send out of the active buyers. Just curious how you grade your ability to migrate mid-tier buyers more into the active category. And then, Steve, to cherrypick one macro factor, curious if you could talk about the recent decline in gas prices. And maybe any moderation in inflation? Curious if you're seeing any demand elasticities here as potentially inflation moderates in some areas.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So we're excited by what we're seeing in terms of spend per buyer. So we -- if you look at -- versus 2019, our spend per buyer for enthusiast buyers are actually up double digits. And that ties right into what we're doing from a focus category strategy. The second thing that we're really focused on is that multiplier effect that we talked about at Investor Day, the fact that watches buyer will come in and spend $8,000 in watches, but $9,000 in the rest of the site, a parts buyer will buy $500, but then buy $700 outside of that. And that helps us drive the strategy around what we -- what we're going after with enthusiast buyers and spend per buyer. It's also why we changed our marketing programs to be much more targeted at acquiring enthusiast buyers. Steve, do you want to cover the second one?
Stephen Priest: Yes. Of course. Tom, Nice to speak to you. What I would say is we are a truly global business with size and scale, Tom. And obviously, as we think about the globe, the impact of cost order that I've talked about, particularly our got Chinese, think about Europe being more significantly here with energy prices, particularly associated with gas prices going up. And so your point about slightly moderating gas prices perhaps over here, a lot of choppiness on inflation. We're not seeing anything in particular would identify any changes to what we've laid out.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. I'd just add that when I talk to our eBayers in Germany and U.K., they get their gas bills twice a year, in some cases, once a year. And definitely, there's the impact there of that. And I think that's part of why we see a bigger impact on our European business than we -- our international business than we do in the Americas.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lauren Schenk with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Lauren Schenk: Great. I just wanted to ask about the marketing has been in the quarter was sort of higher than, I think, we were all expecting. Just how do I marry that with maybe the weaker-than-expected customer net adds as well? And then how you're thinking about marketing somewhat broadly in the back half of the year? Is that somewhere that you would pull back if the macro does deteriorate further?
Stephen Priest: Lauren, I'll pick that one up. It's really a function of seasonality when you sort of look at where we are. And I think I'd bifurcate the two. One is the marketing spend, which is a function of season by quarter. And then secondly, when I think about buyers, it's a trailing 12-month metric. Obviously, we're lapping through the pandemic from last year. We're dealing with a sort of greater macro environment. So we bifurcate the two and so there's nothing specific that I'd point to in terms of the linkage between the two areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: The revenues are definitely 4 points better than GMV in the Q3 guidance. How do you think about that differential as payments ramps up towards 100%? And can you maintain a nice differential there looking forward after 3Q? And then the second question -- just hedging looks like it's helping a little bit this year. How much is it helping? It might be in some disclosure, I didn't see. And is that going to be helpful in '23? Or is there a time frame that we should be thinking about hedging helping you?
Stephen Priest: Justin, I'll pick those up. So I'm really pleased with the level of execution that we've seen both in terms of our ads business and payments business. And so as Jamie alluded to in his prepared comments, we're seeing a 20% delta between advertising and volume in the second quarter. And the payments team has done a tremendous job executing items like Buyer FX, additional forms of payments that continue to add potential for the revenue side to eBay. We are sort of lapping through as we're coming off the back of the payments migration that was completed in quarter 4 last year. So we are seeing some of the upside around that. But if I reflect on the second quarter, we had about an 8-point delta between GMV and revenue pretty much split evenly between advertising and payments, a little bit more pressure going forward as we see lap to that dynamic. With regards to your questions around hedging, the team did a very nice job of obviously hedging OI and EPS. Our GMV, obviously, is unhedged. And we are seeing pressure because of the strength of the dollar versus sterling and euro over recent months. And that's why you've seen an implied $500 million impact on our GMV guide at a spot rate as we've gone forward. But the teams diligently work hedging OI and EPS as we go forward. And we go quarter by quarter, year by year. I'm not sure that we get the balance side as we do that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Zack [ph] on for Deepak. Just curious on your ad business. You saw some reacceleration in the quarter. Just curious for an update on some of these newer product initiatives, Express and Advanced. Kind of can you just give us an update there in terms of adoption? Is this kind of a key driver of the reacceleration? Or is it just still kind of broader adoption of the standard Promoter listing product? And then second, on the kind of monetization of some of your investments. Just curious for how you're thinking about the Adevinta stake here. You've been kind of monetizing some of the other assets over the past couple of quarters. I know a good chunk of it is kind of locked up until end of next year, but just kind of any updated thoughts and philosophy on the Adevinta specifically?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first, on the Ad Business Act, we tend to provide a really good rollout for our sellers. So there's still a lot of penetration opportunity in our Promoted Listing standard product and driving incremental adoption for more sellers across more listings, et cetera. But we're pleased this quarter to really start seeing some traction in our newest products. As I talked about on the call, our newest products are up 30% quarter-on-quarter, which is great to see. This will lead to Promoted Listings that's double digit in the coming quarters. And I just -- of the 3 new products, I'd highlight Advanced, I think, as a significant opportunity for us because of the monetization that it provides and because we still have a good ways to go in terms of driving adoption on the platform. I'd just say it's a continual dial and frank in terms of optimizing the buyer experience, the tools that we have and the algorithms to make sure that we're not degrading buyer experience. We're enhancing it and continue to provide a return on ad sales. But I'm happy to see the 1.5% penetration we got to this quarter. And like I said, the future quarters should allow us to drive double-digit growth. Steve, do you want to take the second one on...
Stephen Priest: Absolutely. So we continue to be very balanced and thoughtful about capital allocation. We've got a long track record of creating and maximizing long-term shareholder value as we've gone through that. As you're probably aware, in the second quarter, we divested some of our holdings in Adyen and Kakao. Specifically, with regards to your question around Adevinta, we have 33% stake. Indeed, 25% of that is tied up until later in 2023. We continue to reflect on our investments, whether we believe we can generate incremental value in the short term by selling them or holding on for a little longer to continue to drive that shareholder value. So we reflect on all of our investments. We'll be very diligent about how we think about it to ultimately drive long-term shareholder returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Blackledge with Cowen. Your line is open.
John Blackledge: Two questions. First, on eBay Live, could you kind of discuss the early learnings engagement and how we should think about this program ramping as we head towards the fourth quarter and the holiday season? And then secondly, a follow-up on advertising. You've mentioned Promoted Listings reaccelerating to 10%-plus growth. Any update there on timing for when it gets back to double digits?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So on eBay Live, our live shopping pilot, I would say it's early, John. We're kind of in the test phase of that. And it's really about learning about how eBay engages the best way to get customers engaged. I would say from our early test that we're excited by what we saw both in terms of the time people were engaged, to engage 15 minutes in a video, especially with today's attention span of consumers, and the interaction. We had a quarter of people like interacting with the experience. So we feel really good about what it can be. As you've seen from a macro standpoint, it's had a lot more traction in the Asia region than it has here. It's still much more of a nascent technology, but first as well with some of the categories like some of the other pilots that we have. So I'd just say very early testing and learning at this stage. On advertising, what we talked about is getting to a double-digit growth in the coming quarters, and we feel comfortable about our plans to do that really on the strength of our core product and standard and on the growth that we're seeing out of our new products.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz: You guys laid out, I think, some helpful and ambitious long-term targets for GMV growth at your Analyst Day. I guess how do you think about how the current macro environment impacts the timing by which you guys look to achieve these goals? And then maybe on parts and accessories specifically, can you provide any update on how the playbook is rolling out across this category? Have you started to see the return on investment, whereby you're getting accelerated growth across these categories given what you've done over the last couple of quarters in parts and accessories?
Stephen Priest: Lee, I'll take the longer-term plan question. We obviously updated the market at our Investor Day back in March, and our long-term guidance remains unchanged. We are continuing to execute, whether it's through the focus category playbook, ads, payments, building, broader trust on the platform and driving CSAT. So I'm really pleased what we've been seeing quarter after quarter and the levels of execution that we're seeing with the team. Undoubtedly, we are navigating a particularly challenging macro environment, which we believe is transitory. And so the way that we think about this is a duration and the severity of the current macro environment will really point to the timing to the medium-term proportion in GMV, but we continue to be very aligned and confident about the long-term trajectory that we laid out on our Investor Day, specifically to do with parts and accessories, Jamie?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. We're really pleased with what we're seeing in terms of the rollouts on parts and accessories. I'd say both from a marketing standpoint. So we're getting aggressive in our key markets about driving an initial consideration set. I talked earlier about some of the stuff we're doing with sponsorship of Pimp My Ride. We did the same thing with eBay Auto Parts Show in New York. Those types of things led to 3 billion media impressions for us from that standpoint. And as I talked about, really going after that enthusiasts, leaning into things like I was just out in our European markets. And their certified green parts are incredibly important, and we continue to add more of that supply onto the marketplace. And then secondarily, I'd just say on the product side, improvements in fitment, improvements in the organization of the inventory and the collaboration is important. We enhance some of the AI that powers our search and our merchandising and our advertising really around this idea of fitment and how to make sure that we have 100% trust and the fitment on the product. So we're excited about what we're seeing and the results, the movement that we're seeing in initial consideration set. And we're not going to be done. This is going to be a category that we're going to continue to innovate on quarter after quarter.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Richard Kramer with Arete Research. Your line is open.
Richard Kramer: Sorry, I was on mute. Jamie, my question is as follows. I'm a little surprised by the comparisons to 2019. I guess my question is, are you looking back at the pandemic period and thinking that some of the changes that we saw in consumer behavior are now getting reversed? And given how much you've talked about focus categories, should investors expect a further retreat from general merchandise, especially given how difficult the economic backdrop is? And maybe one quick one for Steve. Could you reflect a little bit on the cost base and the execution culture at eBay? We've seen the live shopping is still in beta. Off-site ads are still in beta. It seems like things are taking time to get out to full general availability. Is it something that you think is requiring more investment in the short term and it's worth it just to make sure that you actually get some of these new initiatives up and running?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So on the first one, part of the reason why we look at '19 is just the massive acceleration that we saw over the COVID time period and kind of comparing the pre and post with the massive restriction and mobility and the stimulus that was there in the market. Obviously, we believe we're definitely coming out of the pandemic much stronger than we came into it. And our strategy is working. To your question on focus categories, our focus category strategy is really focused on non-new and season. So we've kind of really moved away from new and season. You can still obviously buy it on the site, and we have that product. But we're leaning into where eBay is strong. If I go back to the Investor Day, it's a $1.1 trillion TAM growing to $1.4 trillion. And we think given the tougher economic times right now, our strategy of where we're focusing from that category standpoint is exactly where we need to be, and it's frankly a strength for eBay. Do you want to take the third one, Steve?
Stephen Priest: Yes. Richard, I'd make a few comments. First of all, I think on a broader cost structure, the teams have been incredibly diligent, particularly as we cycle through this macro environment. And that creates capacity for us to invest in the long term. And everybody at eBay is looking through that lens. Secondly, I really believe the pace of innovation is moving much quicker than it was prepandemic. We talked about the speed of innovation and focus categories and what we're doing there. Think about the execution and payments and the say-do ratio that we talked about at Investor Day and then the growth that we see in our advertising business. Thirdly, I would say that I'm delighted that Eddie Garcia is back at eBay, heading at the product organization and bringing his wealth of experience, years of experience to the team to really drive best-in-class products for us here. So we remain very optimistic about the future ahead of us, and I'm really pleased with the execution of the team.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the eBay Q1 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Joe Billante, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joe Billante: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2022. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Jamie and Steve's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie's and Steve's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise.  In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially from our forecasts for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q in our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of May 4, 2022, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information.  With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before discussing our first quarter results, I want to acknowledge the terrible human tragedy that continues to unfold in Ukraine. This is a very difficult time for many, and I'm proud of how eBay employees and customers have mobilized to support those affected. At our core, eBay exists to help people and communities around the world. This role is fundamental to our purpose and motivates our workforce. In addition to direct and indirect support for refugees and citizens, we will continue policy actions to help customers in the region.  These events have had a negative impact on consumer health, primarily in European markets. Despite this unexpected headwind, our global results for Q1 were strong.  Let me highlight a few achievements from the quarter. Focused category innovation expanded, and these categories continue to grow faster than the rest of the marketplace. 18 million enthusiast buyers continue to shop regularly on eBay, purchasing items over 30 times per year. Sellers are seeing a simpler unified listing experience, and we made several improvements to eBay stores in the quarter. We announced a deal with climate to provide more popular payment methods to German buyers, and we started testing the new eBay wallet.  Our advertising business grew faster than GMV due to increased optimization and adoption of new products. And finally, we made significant progress on our e-commerce, DE&I and sustainability goals. Sellers and buyers are turning to eBay, and this led to financial results at the high end of our expectations. We delivered over $19.4 billion in GMV and close to $2.5 billion in revenue. We continue to make the long-term investments laid out at Investor Day while achieving a 32% operating margin. And our non-GAAP EPS was $1.05, $0.02 ahead of consensus.  Given the challenges our customers are facing around the world, we are pleased with our performance to start the year. Since late February, when the war in Ukraine began, we have seen lower e-commerce traffic, inflation in gas prices and home energy costs and historically low consumer confidence, particularly in the U.K. and Germany. As we look forward to the rest of 2022, we find ourselves in the most dynamic macro environment I have seen since returning to eBay as CEO. We expect more near-term headwinds to e-commerce growth rates this year, and our revised guidance reflects our best year based on recent trends. Steve will go into more detail about our full year expectations later.  During these uncertain times, one thing that remains clear is that the tech-led reimagination is improving the underlying health of our business, and we are on track towards our long-term growth targets. One example is in focus categories. The investments in trust, user experience and marketing are driving higher customer satisfaction, leading to faster GMV growth. In Q1, excluding trading cards, focused category GMV grew 9 points faster than the rest of the platform. This growth is on top of last year's stimulus-driven surge, which drove exceptional volume in many high ASP products.  Despite challenging year-over-year comps, trading cards remains one of our healthiest growth businesses. In the first half of 2021, we saw an unprecedented surge boosted by mobility restrictions and stimulus. Since that time, volume has remained elevated. And in Q1, GMV was more than double the size of pre-pandemic levels.  As a leading trading cards platform, we continue to innovate our experience to increase trust between buyers and sellers. In Q1, we launched authenticity guarantee for ungraded cards above $750. Just this week, we expanded authentication to cards by signing a strategic partnership with PSA, the global leader in trading card grading and authentication. We expect this partnership will increase customer satisfaction and result in more GMV growth.  We are incredibly excited for the launch of the Vault this quarter, which will transform our Collectibles business. Items in the vault will be able to securely transfer between sellers and buyers in a matter of seconds without the need to ship or the need to reauthenticate. We see an opportunity to hold up to $3 billion of inventory in our vault in the next few years, creating significant GMV and revenue growth potential.  Looking beyond Collectibles, we continue to expand coverage of focused categories to more products and markets. Let me share a few examples. At the end of March, we started authenticating high-value handbags in the U.K. and Australia. We also expanded the number of handbag brands covered by our authenticity guarantee and began to authenticate men's bags in the U.S.  Another area in Q1 was eBay Refurbished. After success with certified products direct from manufacturers, we have significantly expanded the program across smart watches, tablets, laptops and guest steps. Now buyers can shop from sellers across a wide range of refurbished inventory backed by eBay's moneyback guarantee and warranties. These trusted products contribute to e-commerce, which saves consumers money and reduces carbon emissions.  The luxury watch category continues to grow at positive double-digit rates on top of last year's strong growth rate. To date, we have authenticated watches over $2,000 across 3 markets. This quarter, we added the ability for buyers to request expert verification for a fee for watches valued between $1,000 and $2,000. This additional service marks an important milestone in our journey to increase trust through authentication. This feature is portable to other categories and markets across the platform and demonstrates the scalability and effectiveness of our playbook.  In our sneakers category, we reintroduced final value fees in the U.S. in January, and growth momentum continued. These fees are lower than most other platforms and customer satisfaction remains near historically high levels. Sneaker GMV is also growing significantly faster than the rest of the business in our international markets. We repeated the successful approach first deployed in the U.S., which includes authentication, influencer partnerships and increased social marketing investments.  In parts and accessories, supply chain constraints and low vehicle inventory are driving up the price of new and used cars. These trends are driving more consumers to extend the life of their current vehicles. With approximately 0.5 billion P&A listings, we are well positioned to supply all the parts they need. We have been investing in full funnel marketing for parts and accessories since December, and we are starting to see modest gains in initial consideration. This includes partnerships with leading influencers and enthusiasts to showcase our vast inventory selection. A recent example is the eBay Auto Parts Show in New York, where several top influencers showcased that restored in custom vehicles. These do-it-yourself enthusiasts crafted reconcept cars using unique and hard-to-find parts on eBay. This event generated 3 billion media impressions in 1 week, supporting the momentum we are seeing in the P&A category.  While sellers and buyers love what we are doing in focused categories, we are also making site-wide enhancements to help all sellers grow their business. In Q1, we made several significant changes to further modernize our store's experience. First, our new storefront page provides sellers the ability to tell their story, showcase their brand and increase trust in their business. Second, we optimized SEO for stores to drive more free traffic. Third, we increased the prominence of store inventory and made it easier for enthusiasts to find stores throughout the buyer journey.  To support sellers and help them grow their buyer base, we also increased the ability for buyers to save sellers for future purchases. Now when buyers purchase items, they are prompted after checkout to save that seller. This has driven a 4x increase in the number of saved sellers to date, which leads to more purchase frequency. New buyers who save a seller in their first 90 days are more than twice as likely to repurchase an item.  More sellers are sending coded coupons to drive repeat purchases. To date, over 7.5 million buyers have purchased an item from a seller funded coupon, equating to approximately $500 million in GMV. To help sellers improve targeting, they can now categorize their buyers in unique groups for customized marketing campaigns.  Our payments platform is enabling new services and reducing transactional friction for sellers and buyers. We signed an agreement with Klarna in early March, bringing 2 popular payment methods, pay upon invoice and installments, to our German buyers. Testing is underway, and we are on track to make it available to all German consumers this quarter.  We started testing and scaling other payment studies in Q1, including the new digital wallet we announced at Investor Day. When sellers earn money, that balance is stored on eBay and readily available for them to purchase items or pay for selling expenses like shipping labels. We will continue to optimize this feature and expand to more customers during the year.  Approximately 1 in 5 transactions occurs across borders, and our payments platform is reducing friction on these purchases. In Q1, we started giving buyers the option to pay in their local currency in addition to the currency of the listing. This feature simplifies cross-border trade and also enables incremental payments revenue to fund further innovation.  I'm excited by the pace of innovation in payments. After completing the migration last year, we are moving quickly to reduce friction, launch new services and leverage our scale to benefit sellers and buyers.  Another area where innovation is driving growth is our advertising. In Q1, our ads business once again outpaced volume. Ad revenue growth was driven by Promoted Listings, which generated $222 million in revenue, up 2%. This was 19 points faster than GMV, and it has accelerated due to product innovation. Our standard Promoted Listings product, which still drives most of our first-party ad revenue, continues to drive growth through increased adoption and conversion optimization. And we see further runway in the quarters and years ahead.  The 3 new products launched last year are early in the growth cycle but are up more than 50% versus Q4. The first product, Promoted Listings Express, is increasing conversion and price realization for auction sellers. A typical auction that leverages this feature is attracting several hundred more buyers per listing.  The second product, External Promoted Listings, is now open to our entire global seller base. Similar to standard Promoted Listings, sellers choose the value of their ad spend. We continue to expand the list of affiliate partners in the program to drive more traffic directly to sellers with Promoted Listings.  The third product, Promoted Listings Advance, while still limited data, has been scaled to more professional sellers. In Q1, we expanded the number of ad groups, providing more bidding capacity and flexibility. This product will take time to reach its full potential, and we see opportunities for significant growth. We are continuing to invest in our advertising platform and expect ad revenue to outpace volume for the foreseeable future.  We continue to make meaningful progress on ESG. Let me share a few highlights. Firstly, on Recommerce. In 2021, our platform generated over $4 billion in positive economic impact from the sale of used and refurbished goods. This activity avoided 1.5 million metric tons of carbon emissions, equivalent to taking 300,000 cars off the road for a year. Recommerce on eBay is growing due to our focus on non-new and season categories. Demand for refurbished and used goods is growing in many categories, and we are well positioned to hit the long-term goals I shared with you at Investor Day.  Secondly, I'm proud of our team's efforts around DE&I. We are about to publish our sixth annual diversity, equity and inclusion report. This report provides insights into our 4 strategic objectives: increased representation, cultivating a sense of belonging, engaging our communities and building inclusive technology. Aligning and executing on these objectives is how we build a richly diverse, truly equitable and fearlessly inclusive place to sell, buy and work.  The third area of progress I would like to highlight is reducing our impact on the planet. Last year, we set ambitious, long-term, science-based targets. For the full year 2021, we reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 26% versus 2019. For Scope 3, which includes the impact of shipments on our platform, we reduced emissions by 7% versus 2019 despite volume growth. Lastly, 90% of our energy now comes from renewable sources, and we remain a carbon-neutral company. You can find more details about our sustainability programs and our annual impact report later this month.  I'm always impressed by the generosity of our sellers and buyers. In Q1, eBay for Charity raised over $36 million, up 2%. We recently announced the grand finale of the Power of One charity auction with Warren Buffett. Since launching on eBay over 20 years ago, over $34 million has been raised to support Glide, a nationally recognized center for equity. The eBay Foundation, whose mission is to remove systemic barriers to entrepreneurship, committed $11 million to nonprofits in Q1. In addition, during March, over $2.4 million was raised from employee contributions and eBay Foundation matching gifts, many of which went to support Ukrainian relief efforts.  Across a number of other employee and customer channels, the company has raised millions of dollars for Ukraine-related causes. In several countries, customers contributed to give at checkout campaigns that supported the Red Cross, Nova Ukraine and Save the Children. We are very fortunate to work for a purpose-driven company with a team relentlessly focused on helping people and the scale to deliver meaningful impact to our communities.  In closing, Q1 was a strong start to the year. We extended focused category coverage in watches, handbags, trading cards and eBay Refurbished. And we laid the groundwork to launch the Vault this quarter, a game-changing experience for collectors. We released several new features for eBay store sellers like new store fronts and enhanced SEO. And we're encouraging more buyers to save their favorite sellers to drive repeat purchases.  In payments, we launched Klarna for German buyers, started testing a new digital wallet and increased currency payment options for cross-border buyers. Our advertising business is meaningfully outpacing volume growth through optimization and new product innovation. And we are achieving all of this while executing on an ambitious ESG agenda to support our communities and the world we live in.  Before I hand it over to Steve, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our seller and buyer community whose energy and unique inventory make our marketplace truly differentiated in e-commerce. I would also like to thank all of our global employees for their tireless efforts to delight customers and support our communities. Their dedication and focus are improving our underlying business health every day.  Lastly, I'm thrilled to welcome Eddie Garcia back to eBay as our new core product leader. His wealth of eBay knowledge and track record of innovation will be great assets to continue to drive the tech-led reimagination.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Stephen Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin our discussion with financial highlights on Slide 9 of our Q1 earnings presentation. Next, I'll provide a deeper look into key operating and financial metrics, including a discussion of our ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical developments influencing our business. Finally, I'll share our forward outlook and some closing thoughts before we begin Q&A. Please note, my comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons at constant currency, unless I note otherwise.  Overall, we delivered strong results in Q1 as GMV, revenue and EPS met or exceeded expectations and performed near the high end of our outlook ranges. Our Q1 results were driven by continued progress against the strategic objectives we outlined at Investor Day, including an expansion in coverage and capabilities of our focused categories and improved technology for our sellers and buyers.  Our first quarter revenue was down 5% to $2.48 billion, outpacing volume growth by approximately 12 points. Non-GAAP operating margin was 32.4%, up roughly 80 basis points sequentially. We delivered non-GAAP earnings of $1.05 per share, down 2% as compared to a record quarterly EPS result last year. We generated $546 million of free cash flow and returned approximately $1.4 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends.  We achieved these results despite some back-end softness, associated changing macro conditions and the tragic conflict in Ukraine. I'm extremely proud of our team's focus and execution amid these challenging circumstances.  Let's take a closer look at our performance in Q1. Gross merchandise volume declined 17% as we lapped a 7 point sequential acceleration during 2021 and which was driven by global mobility restrictions and U.S. stimulus payments. As compared to our pre-COVID baseline in Q1 of 2019, GMV grew 7%. We were extremely pleased with the pace of growth, innovation and execution with our focused categories during Q1, coming off a record surge in growth in early 2021. Trading card volumes appear to be stabilizing at a quarterly run rate, more than double pre-COVID levels, indicating continued healthy demand in this asset class. Excluding trading cards, year-on-year growth in focused categories outpaced the remainder of our marketplace by approximately 9 points.  We sustained strong positive growth within our luxury categories compared with last year's stimulus-driven results, including sneakers over $100, where we reintroduced monetization in the U.S. in January. Trading 12-month active buyers were 142 million during the quarter, down roughly 5 million sequentially due to the same lapping dynamics. But importantly, this anticipated decline was skewed towards our low-value buyers. Trends within our high-value groups remained healthy as our 18 million buyers spent an average of over $3,000 across 9 categories over the last 12 months. Average spend per enthusiast also rose sequentially and increased low double digits versus 2019.  U.S. GMV grew 17% compared to Q1 of 2019, while international GMV was roughly flat. Similar to prior quarters, our U.S. volume benefited from stronger underlying e-commerce growth, beneficial category mix and earlier launches of focused category initiatives. Meanwhile, our international business has experienced softer economic growth and greater exposure to the supply chain challenges impacting cross-border trade. When we spoke at our March Investor Day, we were beginning to observe modest softness in our European markets during the early weeks of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. But the conflict intensified in the weeks that followed. The headwinds to our business became more pronounced. We estimate the Ukraine will represent a low single-digit negative impact to our global business in Q1. Notably, these macro headwinds have not impacted our product road map or other strategic initiatives.  Net revenue during the quarter was $2.48 billion, down 5% with positive contributions from payments and ads, offset by comparisons with last year's extraordinary volume growth. Our transaction take rate increased by over 30 basis points sequentially to 12.1%. Managed payments contributed over 8 points of revenue growth during the quarter as we fully migrated to our proprietary platform, while new initiatives like buyer and seller FX are scaling in line with expectations.  First-party ads primarily promoted listings grew 2% during Q1 and outpaced volume by approximately 19 points. This marked an acceleration from roughly 15 points in Q4 as we further optimized our standard Promoted Listings product and recent additions to our ad portfolio grew in scale and adoption.  Turning to margins. We delivered a non-GAAP operating margin of 32.4% in Q1, an increase of more than 80 basis points sequentially. This improvement was driven by lower seasonal spend in sales and marketing, which was offset by volume deleverage as we lapped last year's GMV acceleration.  During the first quarter, we delivered $1.05 of non-GAAP EPS, down 2% from our record quarterly EPS in Q1 of 2021. The impact of share repurchases and contributions from payments and ads were offset by the lapping of mobility tailwinds. We generated a GAAP loss per share of $2.28 with the delta driven by losses on our investment portfolio amid recent market volatility.  We generated $546 million of free cash flow in Q1, down 37% due to lower volume and the lapping of onetime working capital benefits associated with the managed payments migration, partly offset by lower cash taxes. As we discussed at Investor Day, we do expect our cash taxes to rise this year due to the timing of repatriation payments and new federal tax treatment of R&D credits. These dynamics are not muted to eBay, and we expect to revert to a more normalized cash tax rate after 2025.  We ended the quarter with cash and nonequity investments of $6.3 billion and gross debt of $8.3 billion as we paid down $750 million of notes during March. We repurchased $1.25 billion of shares during the quarter at an average price of approximately $57. This was in addition to a portion of shares from our Q4 accelerated share repurchase program that settled in early Q1. Additionally, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $129 million in March, representing $0.22 per share.  Our investments are detailed on Slide 19. Our remaining portfolio is valued at over $5 billion at the end of Q1 after a quarter of significant market volatility. We sold roughly $600 million of Adyen and KakaoBank shares during Q1. We will continue to manage our investment portfolio with the goal of maximizing shareholder value, which includes maintaining our investments when we believe we can generate incremental value for shareholders or monetizing them when we see an opportunity to do so. To that end, we sold Adyen shares during Q1 at an average price more than 7x the strike price of our first tranche.  Moving to our outlook. Russia and Ukraine have historically made up less than 1% of our global volume, but the war in Ukraine has measurably impacted economic growth and consumer confidence throughout Europe and other parts of the world. This conflict arose as global economies were already contending with inflationary pressures and supply chain challenges. On top of that, rising interest rates may further hinder near-term economic growth, while sanctions related to the war could raise already high fuel prices, additional pressure on consumer spending. We're confident our business will remain resilient in the current environment. We are revising our expectations for the remainder of 2022 to reflect the macro conditions we've observed over the last 2 months. Despite the near-term uncertainty, we continue to invest in our focused categories and other strategic initiatives to achieve the long-term growth targets we outlined at Investor Day.  For the full year, we are lowering our FX-neutral growth forecast for GMV by approximately 5%. The strengthening U.S. dollar also reduces our spot GMV outlook by roughly $1.3 billion versus our prior guidance. We now expect GMV of between $73.2 billion and $75.2 billion in 2022, representing a decline between 12% and 10%. We forecast revenue of $9.6 billion to $9.9 billion, representing a decline of between 6% and 3%. Our updated forecast operating margin between 29% and 30% as we expect to mitigate some macro-driven volume pressure through cost efficiencies. We forecast non-GAAP earnings per share between $3.90 and $4.10, representing negative 3% to positive 2% growth.  Looking to the second quarter, we expect to generate $18.02 billion to $18.42 billion of GMV, representing a decline between 16% and 14% or between 2% and 4% growth versus Q2 of 2019. We forecast revenue between $2.35 billion and $2.40 billion, representing a decline between 9% and 7%. We anticipate non-GAAP operating margin between 26.5% and 27.5% as we scale our planned investments in product and marketing initiatives. And we project non-GAAP earnings per share between $0.87 and $0.91, representing a decline of between 12% and 8%.  In closing, Q1 was another strong quarter for eBay. We met or exceeded expectations across all key metrics despite facing a challenging confluence of geopolitical and macroeconomic developments in March. We expanded our coverage and capabilities within focused categories, which are delivering innovative new shopping experiences for our community and fueling positive underlying growth in our business. Advertising and payments initiatives are outpacing volume growth, delivering incremental revenue at healthy margins and helping eBay sellers grow their businesses.  Our balanced approach to capital allocation enabled us to invest in strategic initiatives, maintain our best-in-class margins and return more than double our quarterly free cash flow to shareholders. And our focus on Recommerce and sustainable accretive business process has enabled us to achieve these results while supporting our people, our purpose and our plan.  Finally, I'd like to echo Jamie's thanks to our extraordinary eBay employees. Their focus and execution amid the challenges of the last few months has been truly inspiring. We continue to innovate and remain on track to deliver on the product road map we laid out at Investor Day.  And with that, Jamie and I will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird.
Colin Sebastian: Two questions for me. I guess the message here is the tech-led reimagination is on track. But you hit these macro headwinds that depressed volumes in the near term. So with that context, Jamie, I was hoping you could drill down a bit more on growth in enthusiast buyers. And in particular, how do you expand the size of this group, drive more engagement? And if this relies on converting less active buyers to enthusiasts, those that are already on the platform. And I have a follow-up.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Thanks for the question, Colin. Absolutely. So when you look at our enthusiast buyers, we have 18 million of them. They drive 70% of our GMV. That group is a very productive group for us. It's -- they shop more than 30 days. They spend over $3,000. And even though some of them are moved in and out of mid-value, when you look at our mid-value buyers that we outlined at Investor Day, they're actually of the cumulative lifetime value of most other platforms. So they're also very valuable customers as well.  So the key things we're doing is, a, driving our focused category strategy. When we look at those enthusiast buyers, 94% of them shop in focus categories. So that's a big opportunity. 25% of them are selling on eBay, and that obviously drives the flywheel of performance. When we look at it versus 2019, it's not just about the numbers, but how do we get that group to buy more. So versus 2019, they're buying double digits more on the platform. And that has to do with getting them to go cross-category, getting them to be more sticky within their focus category or their initial category, and then all of the pieces that we know kind of drive retention.  The last one I'll just pick up on is it's also tied into our seller strategy. So part of the things that we announced this year -- this quarter with sellers, things like new eBay storefronts, enhancements to the eBay coupons, improvements to SEO. It's all about how to -- it's just not eBay and the platform driving retention of those enthusiast buyers, but how do we put more tools in our sellers' hands so that they can drive the retention of the buyers as well. So feel really good that the strategy is working and the plans are intact.
Colin Sebastian: That's helpful. And then secondly, maybe for Steve. It looks like guidance for the back half of the year implies somewhat normal sequential seasonality in volume for Q3 and Q4 off of that lower Q2. So I guess this suggests the outlook assumes no improvement or no worsening in the macro environment, if that's the right way to think about it.
Stephen Priest: Colin, good to speak. As you can imagine, we've been very deliberate in terms of how we've looked at the outlook for the remainder of 2022 based on this base of uncertain and challenged environment. I'd just like to -- you're correct in terms of your assumption as we go forward with regards to seasonality. So just as a reminder, as we talked about at our last earnings call, we do have a half 1 and half 2 underlying story for 2022 as we lap some of the significant tailwinds associated with COVID in 2021 in the first half as we go forward.  But we -- despite the -- I suppose, at a macro level, we do see this overall softness driven by the macroeconomic environment, but we still expect the sort of seasonal shape of the GMV as we go forward.
Operator: For our next question, we have Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Two if I can, just following up on Colin and following up on the macro issue. Are you seeing different behaviors in the macro environment between your high-value buyers and low-value buyers? And would that inform any decisions of maybe accelerating some of the investments you want to make in terms of improving the skew of your buyer base as we go through 2022? That would be a sort of question number one. And then secondarily, you pointed out the gap between GMV and ads, which was quite wide. How should we think about that gap between ads outperformance relative to GMV beyond just what you reported in Q1 given against your innovation curve run ads longer term?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Thanks, Eric. So look, when we think about the impact macro, it's really across the board. We can look at, obviously, our own traffic and traffic of our competitors. And specifically in Europe or more so in Europe, really coincidental with the war, we saw the impact overall to the business. So there's various movements. I would say last year with the pandemic, we moved some mid-value up into enthusiast buyers as we looked at the segments. But really, it's kind of across the board, everyone's energy prices are going up, more cost of fuel, inflation, et cetera.  To your second question, we're really happy with the performance of ads being at 19% above GMV this quarter. And we talked about kind of the growth that we're seeing in the new products, although the large part of it is still our core product, which is the Promoted Listing standard. But continue to drive optimization, continue to drive adoption. We're still in kind of the early stages of the new products on advertising.
Operator: For our next question, we have Tom Champion from Piper Sandler.
Thomas Champion: Jamie, maybe you could talk about the focused category growth of 9%. I think it was 15% previously. Can you help us interpret that in terms of ongoing sustainability?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So a couple of things. One is really pleased to see that 9 points faster growth in terms of the focus categories. We are lapping some stimulus from last year in our numbers. So that's certainly a factor. And then over time, Tom, the math would say as we increase our coverage of focus categories, obviously, the delta will decrease just because of the math of more of the numerator being, the denominator as well. But as we look at this as a multiyear, the strategy that we laid out at Investor Day is right -- is consistent, getting them to grow at or above market growth rates. What I'd say I'm really happy about this quarter is that we're seeing the same type of deviation between focused categories in international that we saw in the U.S. in terms of their outperformance of the rest of the site. So we've been talking for a couple of quarters now about how international was more nascent, and we're starting to see that traction in the focus categories. And we talked about some of the new launches that we're seeing internationally.
Operator: For our next question, we have Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Just sticking with the macro discussion. The 5 points lower revision on full year GMV guide, maybe can you elaborate a little bit on what signals you're seeing now to arrive at the 500 basis point reduction? I mean a lot of uncertainty is still kind of ahead of us. So does this revised guide reflect what you're seeing now? Or does this also factor in potential unfavorable trends in the second half? And then how should we think about your expectations for 2023 and 2024 based on the revised 2022 targets?
Stephen Priest: Deepak, I'll pick those up. As I mentioned on the previous question, we've been very thoughtful and deliberate about the '22 guide as we look out for the remainder of the year and really reflecting what we see as ongoing macroeconomic challenges in the overall environment. I think I would pull it down to sort of 3 specific areas as you think and contemplate the guide that we put out.  First, the continued negative economic impact of the terrible atrocities associated with the war in Ukraine, and our expectation that those negative impacts will continue through 2022. The other is, overall, the continued headwinds from the broader macro environment. You think about things like interest rates, fuel prices, energy costs that's putting an additional pressure on the consumer and their discretionary spend. And we're particularly seeing this in Europe, in a couple of our key markets in the U.K. and Germany, where we're seeing consumer confidence at historic lows.  And then we are also assuming as a third item, the expected continuation of the supply chain disruptions that we've seen for a number of quarters here that continues to put a drag on our international business. So when I think about those 3 areas, that's what we've contemplated when we look in the macro environment, and we went forward to that 2022 guide.  Beyond 2022, as you recall, we talked to the investor community back in March at our investor event, and we remain confident in our long-term guide. We see these issues as transitory. Our long-term guide contemplated mid-single-digit GMV growth. We remain confident in that. We continue to make the investments for the long-term future. You heard Jamie talk about the momentum that we're seeing in our prepared comments. And so we certainly see that as a longer-term perspective as we now get these choppy waters in the near term.
Operator: For our next question, we have Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: Okay. So Jamie, your commentary about expanding the authenticated brands and bags is interesting. Sounds like you're not quite done going deeper into the category. And also kind of along with that, can you talk about how parts and accessories rollout proceed? I mean is it going to be a gradual rollout of a category-by-category, a model-by-model basis? And is there a similar opportunity to go deeper into watches as well? And I think also to follow up on Eric's question earlier, I think throughout 2021, you've more than doubled the number of Promoted Listing sellers, but that's still a minority percentage of the total sellers. I get that this is probably not appropriate for everybody, but what can you do to drive greater seller adoption? Is it just a matter of awareness? Or is there -- does the product set needs to be expanded?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Great question. So first, the way I think about the focused category is it's not like we invest in the category and that we're done. If you look at it, we're still investing in sneakers, which we launched quite some time ago. So we continue to make innovations even in categories that we've launched. The category that you first brought up handbags, we expanded what we're doing in authentication to the U.K. in a beta this quarter. We also expanded in the U.S. to men's bags this quarter. So now currently authenticating in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. So that will be a continued playbook.  I would say the same thing about parts and accessories is in addition to all the things we're doing around consideration, we're continuing to drive quarter-after-quarter new features, new capabilities for those categories.  You mentioned watches at the end. That's another category. Even though we launched authentication a couple of quarters back for watches, this quarter, we built a new capability, which is actually allowing buyers to pay for authentication if they want it for watches between $1,000 and $2,000. So it will be a continued evolution of focused categories as we launch new ones and continue to enhance them.  I'd say a couple of things about the collectibles category. I'm really excited by this quarter. A, our Vault is on track that we talked about at Investor Day and a lot of potential there to save, reauthenticating, shipping the products. On Monday, we announced a partnership with PSA. PSA is the most popular grader for trading cards, and now you can have your cards authenticated by PSA, over $2,000. And so like I said before, everything is kind of a continued evolution of enhancements to drive customer satisfaction.  On your question on advertising, yes, we feel great. The thing that makes us feel great about the opportunity for more penetration is the ROAs that we continue to see. We have strong ROAS for our sellers. And so it's obviously easiest to get the largest sellers to start using the product and drive that penetration first. But we're, for example, launching a new unified listing experience, which has a great advertising inclusion. This quarter, we announced some optimization tools for our product listing advanced. And look, it took us 5 years to get the -- to get the standard product to where it is today. So these things do take time to drive adoption, to drive optimization, but we feel like the suite of products that we launched is the right one.
Operator: For our next question, we have Ross Sandler from Barclays.
Ross Sandler: I just had two questions. First, can you remind us what cross-border GMV peaked at prepandemic compared to the 20% today? And you mentioned the new payment partnerships and this new wallet potentially getting that going in the future. So how material could that be? And I guess other than like some of the log jam clearing up in China outbound, what else can you do to crank up cross-border? And the second question is you normally have a downtick in 2Q operating margin seasonally. This one is a little bit more pronounced than normal. So just any color on those investment levels? Or is that just from some of the GMV weakness you were talking about previously?
Stephen Priest: Ross, I'll pick up the first item on cross-border. We've pretty steadily been -- about 20% of our business has been from a cross-border standpoint as we've gone forward. We haven't sort of seen any major change in that. Obviously, as we've gone through the supply chain challenges that we've been seeing over numerous quarters that we've talked about extensively, that has continued to put some additional pressure on that.  Maybe I can just kick off on a few items on payments and then allow Jamie to sort of continue to address other items associated with that. I have to say I've been really taken by the exceptional execution the team has gone through over the last 18 to 24 months with the integration of the whole payments platform, and it gives us a great opportunity to continue to drive value for our shareholders as we go through that, whether that's through faster payouts, buyer/seller FX, higher ASP items that we talked a lot about on our investor event that generates the $300 million as we go forward. The wallet, we're really excited about, and that's something we also talked about at the Investor Day.  Jamie, do you want to just elaborate a little bit more from your perspective?
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Ross, I'm happy with our pace of innovation. So the Klarna deal that we announced, which we'll be launching this quarter, actually allows us to accept forms of payments, which are very popular in Germany, which we've not been able to accept, primarily pay upon invoice and financing. And so that's one component. Steve talked about the digital wallet, which is in beta now, which obviously helps us with the flywheel, also helps sellers because they can store a balance for their selling costs like shipping, et cetera. And then to your question on cross-border trade, we are doing things to help. They're having somewhat of an impact, being able to forward deploy inventory through a partnership that we've done. But our cross-border trade elements, as Steve said, have been roughly steady.
Stephen Priest: And then just to pick up with your question around sort of Q2 margins, there's naturally an underlying seasonal impact that we sort of go through. But as we talked about on our last earnings call, we did expect Q2 would be our lowest margin for the year based on the phasing of our investments. As you can imagine, we are leaning in based on the macro environment to sort of shorter-term costs, but we are continuing to invest in product, full funnel marketing and making sure that the longer-term strategy stays on track. And so these are some of the dynamics at play with regard to our second quarter margin profile that you've heard about today.
Operator: Our next question, we have Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon: Jamie, you welcomed back Eddie Garcia in your prepared remarks, and that's a change that's happened since we last saw you all at the Investor Day. Could you elaborate maybe a little on the transition from Peter Thomson to him? And is there any new particular direction or the initiatives that you expect Eddie to lead as he takes over responsibility for your product, put a stamp on so to speak?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. With the departure of Pete in that transition, I went out and tried to find the absolute best product person in the world that I can find. Eddie has a really unique ability. He combines product UX and technology like no other executive that I've met. And importantly, too, he has a decade of background with eBay, which is extremely valuable to come in and really hit the ground running. And he's already started. I think he's on day 8 today, and is doing a great job. So really excited to have him here.  I would say no, nothing changes in terms of the product road map. He's got a great team of leaders underneath him. We have a strong organization, and the road map is very solid for the year. I mean if I just look at payments as an example, this quarter, they announced a deal with Klarna at Investor Day. They're about to launch it. They launched a new capability to do buyer FX, so the buyers could pay in their local currency. They've made enhancements and ramped up stored value, all of that within a single quarter.  So I'm happy with our pace of innovation across the board. I'm just thrilled that Eddie could be part of the leadership team and help us push forward on the tech-led reimagination.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Kramer from Arete Research.
Richard Kramer: Jamie, you've -- sorry, there's a big echo here. Jamie, you mentioned quite a bit about the focused strategy and laying that out, but still seems to leave eBay vulnerable to vertical sites in specific categories, which have some social or community hosting to engage users. How far might you see stores evolving to allow them to have their own maybe brands or IDs and try to engage users in more ways than simply buying? And Steve, I guess, the other question, if you look at the guidance for 6 to 7 points of upside from payments and ads, is that simply lapping the payment saturation or completions? Or do you imply some sort of slowing of ads growth over the course of the year despite all these new formats you mentioned?
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Richard, great question. I'll take the first one, and Steve should take the second. So absolutely, one of the benefits that eBay has versus any vertical-specific marketplace is our scale, the fact that we can get buyers to buy cross-category, that we can acquire them at a lower cost. And if you look at, let's say, a parts and accessories buyer, they're going to come in and buy $1,200 in parts and accessories but then $1,500 elsewhere on the site. But we are leaning into the areas that you're talking about. How do we make it easier for buyers and sellers to transact on the marketplace? How do we build retention between them? So I'd point to a couple of things that we've launched in the last few quarters. The first is our new member-to-member messaging system. It's very simple and easy to use. It's chat-like interface, very familiar for a Gen Z customer to interact between a buyer and seller. And that's a huge improvement over the legacy products that we've had out there for a long time.  We've been opening up the ability for couponing and reaching back out to interested buyers on the platform that have transacted with you. And really, the -- as you talk about, stores is really the opportunity to let sellers build a brand and communicate with buyers. So this quarter, we launched the new storefront on -- for our eBay store sellers. We actually improved the ability for them to drive more SEO via their stores in the platform. We've added video into the stores platform. So now you can tell your story about an eBay seller, and that's very appealing.  And we'll continue to build more of those features to improve the interactions between buyers and sellers because it's one of the very unique capabilities of eBay, is that vast army of sellers that we have, helping drive retention in buyers and helping drive engagement there. So great question.  Steve, do you want to take the second part?
Stephen Priest: Yes. Richard, I think you're talking about the 6 point delta between the FX-neutral GMV and FX-neutral revenue. I'd say there's 3 dynamics at play. Number one, you're right, we're sort of lapping through the completion of managed payments as we've transitioned from '21 to '22. So we see less of a tailwind associated with that. But on the flip side, the other 2 items is the continued momentum with regards to the investments we were making in both payments with some of the items that Jamie talked about earlier in terms of the execution from the team and what's being driven associated with that, and then the continued success in the ads platform. As we mentioned in the first quarter, ads was growing at 19 points faster than GMV. So it's really the combination of those 3 factors that I've talked about that gets the implied guide going forward.
Operator: For our next question, we have John Blackledge from Cowen.
John Blackledge: Great. Two questions. First, could you expand a bit on how the trading card segment performed in the first quarter? And how does the launch of the Vault trading card and overall collection business? And then second, which e-commerce verticals were the biggest headwinds in GMV, perhaps the toughest comps in 1Q and 2Q?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So I'd say on trading cards, what we said in there is that we're obviously lapping kind of the massive stimulus that we saw last year. We're settling out at twice the level of GMV that we were beforehand. And we're really kind of leaning in to fuel the growth in trading cards. So to your question on Vault, the beauty of the Vault is a lot of -- for a lot of collectors, it's not something that they need to have around their house. They want to be able to trade. And you could see trades happening in the middle of the game where the rookie all of a sudden is on fire, and people want to start trading that. That trade becomes really seamless when it sits inside the Vault. It's authenticated on the way in. It doesn't have to be shipped anywhere, validated, et cetera.  And so you could see these billions of dollars of inventory, we could start to drive turns on that on a much more rapid basis. So we're excited by that. We're also excited by the grading partnership that we announced on Monday, which complements what we've been doing for ungraded cards over $750 because it builds more authenticity and trust into what we're doing from a trading cards perspective. So that builds on top of last year's launches that we had like the improved shipping labels, the computer vision that we're working on in that category, et cetera.  So really excited by that. When I look at the rest of the categories, watches continues to be strong. We sustained double-digit growth on top of last year's strong growth rate. We've been able to remonetize sneakers and keep the momentum in that category. Strong growth in handbags as well. And we talked about some of those announcements in the business. So across the board, I think we are -- the strategy that we have is working. We're seeing the change in customer satisfaction and the change of the business and the deviation that these categories are able to create. And then we're starting to see that expand internationally.
Joe Billante: Operator, we've got time for one more.
Operator: And for our last question, we will have Justin Post from Bank of America.
Justin Post: Just a couple of questions. There's been a lot of write-downs in the group. And obviously, the e-commerce group is under pressure. You have the advantage of really strong cash flow. How are you thinking about the asset opportunities, bringing things into eBay? And then second, just on the U.S. GMV. It was down quarter-over-quarter, which has happened in the past. Did you see a slowdown there related to Ukraine as well and -- or gas price is a factor?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So on the first one, we continue to look at build, buy and partner in those opportunities. We talked about Sneaker Con at the Investor Day and why we did that and how it made sense to accelerate our focus and what we were doing in that category. And we continue to look at opportunities that we think will help push that further in terms of new features, new functionality or new audience. But we do look at it as a build, buy and partner. So a great example is what we announced on Monday, which is a partnership with the most popular grading to really build an opportunity to tie that closely into the best marketplace that exists for trading cards on eBay. So we'll continue to be opportunistic across all of those different elements as we go forward as long as they align with the strategy and we think create value for shareholders.  On the international versus GMV, I'll start off. And then, Steve, you can jump in. Clearly, a more profound effect in our international business. When I talk to our eBayers in the U.K., they're getting their April energy bills and they are multiple of what they were before. So definitely more of an impact, but definitely an impact across the whole world, including our U.S. business.  Do you want to expand?
Stephen Priest: Yes, I'll just give a little bit of extra color. I think when we bifurcate what we've seen between international and the U.S. in terms of consumer sentiment, U.S. and U.K. consumer sentiment is at pretty much historic based on what we've seen. But as you can imagine, some of this is percolated over to the U.S. in terms of inflation going up, higher prices and also the inflation that's going forward.  So the U.S. is not immune to this. It's more -- we saw in the first quarter some deeper penetration challenges in the European business. But I think it's a fair comment just in that there has been some slowdown. And as we go further forward during 2022, at a macro level, you can sort of see that implied in our guidance and go forward.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the eBay Q4 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over your presenter, Vice President, Investor Relations, Joe Billante. Sir, please go ahead.
Joe Billante: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter of 2021. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Steve's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.  Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie and Steve's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise.  In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q in our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements.  All information in this presentation is as of February 23, 2022, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information.  With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll begin by sharing highlights since our last earnings call. Then I will focus on the near-term progress we are making towards our strategic vision. And finally, provide a short preview of our Investor Day in 2 weeks. At the end of my remarks, I will turn the call over to Steve, who will discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail.  The fourth quarter marked another solid quarter for sellers and buyers on eBay. They benefited from investments in our strategy to drive sustainable growth in our marketplace. We are simplifying the seller and buyer experience, increasing customer satisfaction and improving our underlying growth trajectory.  Let me highlight a few achievements from the quarter. We are seeing faster GMV growth in focus categories that now represent approximately 20% of global volume. We successfully completed our multiyear payments transition on time with more customer benefits and with greater financial impact than expected. Our advertising business grew faster than marketplace volume as more sellers adopted new ad products. We delivered revenue growth at the high end of our expectations and earnings growth above guidance. And finally, we continue to execute our ESG agenda. In addition to being carbon-neutral, we made progress on our long-term sustainability targets, and eBay for Charity finished a record-breaking year.  I'm very pleased with our Q4 financial results. We delivered 5% revenue growth on the back of payments migration and Promoted Listings growth. We also delivered $1.05 of non-GAAP EPS, more than the high end of expectations. For the full year, revenue was up 15%, and non-GAAP EPS was up 21%.  As proud as I am of our team for delivering these results, I am more excited about eBay's future based on the response from our customers to the strategy we are implementing. This is evident in focused categories. We are delivering best-in-class customer satisfaction, and it is leading to faster GMV growth. In Q4, focus categories grew 15 points faster than the rest of the marketplace.  The next category we are focused on is motors, parts and accessories or P&A for short. This is one of our largest categories globally and is full of enthusiasts who are passionate about what they trade on eBay. Many are very active buyers who shop in multiple categories, with over 60% of the eBay spend coming on products outside P&A.  Starting in December, we began investing in top-of-funnel marketing across TV, radio and social sales in partnership with key industry influencers. These ads highlight the valuable choices P&A enthusiasts have on eBay across hundreds of millions of listings. In addition, we implemented monetization changes to higher-priced items and saw an increase in listings during Q4.  We are leveraging the scale of our supply in new ways. With input from our P&A sellers, we simplified our global category structure. This makes it easier for buyers to find unique parts from around the world, unlocking more cross-border trade. These initial changes led to modestly better performance in P&A GMV during Q4 relative to the overall business. It's early days, and we plan to make further investments this year to improve our trajectory in this category.  In focus categories where we have been investing for several quarters, we have seen growth sustained at higher levels. Sneakers over $100 continued to grow double digits globally. Our success in the U.S. is being replicated in other major markets. Part of that success is authentication, which is scaled to 5 countries over the past year. And in Q4, we started authenticating cross-border transactions into the U.S.  But we are not stopping there. Last quarter, we acquired Sneaker Con, a leading authenticator with operations in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Australia and Germany. By bringing additional capacity in-house, we increased the scale and flexibility of our operations. We also introduced 3D true view on select listings. This capability increases trust for buyers shopping for unique, high-value pre-owned items.  Given our success in driving customer satisfaction to over 90% and sustained double-digit GMV growth, we have reintroduced monetization in the U.S. for sneakers over $100. The initial customer feedback has been encouraging as sellers continue to benefit from a lower take rate than many other platforms. Sellers are also listing more luxury watches on eBay. We saw a double-digit increase in supply quarter-over-quarter, and total GMV in this category continues to grow at strong double-digit rates in the U.S.  In Germany and the U.K., authentication is also leading to higher customer satisfaction. In luxury handbags, we saw acceleration in Q4 to positive double-digit growth in the U.S. Based on the success of authenticity guarantee, we are growing the number of brands covered by the program. In addition, we have expanded selection by authenticating cross-border imports from Japan, a key source of unique inventory. And just a few weeks ago, we announced authenticity guarantee for all single ungraded trading cards sold for over $750 in the U.S. We plan to expand this offering to include graded autograph and pass cars sold for more than $250 later this year.  As we exited 2021, our Certified Refurbished program had expanded to over 320 brands. This program now includes brands like Microsoft, Dyson, Samsung Galaxy and KitchenAid. And as a reminder, these products are certified by the manufacturer, are like new and are backed by a 2-year warranty and eBay's money back guarantee. Higher trust has increased customer satisfaction and accelerated GMV to positive double-digit rates. Certified Refurbished products from top brands make up a small percentage of the total refurb activity on eBay but are growing significantly faster. This has inspired us to expand further. And in November, we announced eBay Refurbished, a destination for like new products. This expanded experience adds more inventory from top-rated sellers. These trusted sellers are thoroughly vetted to meet rigorous performance standards so buyers can purchase with even greater confidence.  In Q4, we saw promising early results from this expansion in mobile phones and plan to extend to tablets, smart watches and laptops this year.  In addition to improvements in focus categories, we made a number of changes during Q4 that benefited sellers and buyers across all categories globally. We've started a pilot with our API sellers to add video to their listings. To date, we have seen hundreds of thousands of listings add video content. Buyers get a rich shopping experience on individual item pages and in seller stores. Looking ahead, we plan to enable more sellers to tell their story by adding videos through additional listing flows.  Another new growth capability we are scaling for sellers is coded coupons. Since launch, sellers have realized over $350 million in GMV. Over 60,000 sellers have driven repeat purchases from almost 6 million buyers. Buyer trust is essential in a third-party marketplace and is an area of focus for our technology investment.  In Q4, we leveraged artificial intelligence to significantly decrease the time to detect and remove counterfeits. In the categories where it has been deployed to date, most listings are renewed before a buyer has a chance to see it. These are a few recent examples of how we are using technology to increase trust while simplifying seller and buyer experiences.  Moving on to payments. In Q4, we completed the transition to a modern payments platform by migrating all remaining sellers away from the legacy system. This has resulted in a simpler seller experience, lower fees for most sellers, more choice for buyers and better-than-expected financial results. Although this marks the culmination of a major multiyear effort, in reality, this is just the beginning. By managing seller and buyer money flows, we can remove transactional friction and provide more trusted services. We've been systematically eliminating unpaid items, which removed friction for approximately 10 million transactions in 2021. In addition, sellers are being paid faster for weekend sales in most major markets.  We are also exploring new ways to allow sellers and buyers to benefit from our scale. In the U.S., we recently launched a partnership with Chase Freedom rewards that increases top-of-funnel impressions, driving buyer traffic to eBay. We are excited by the value payments has provided our seller and buyer community, and we see more growth opportunities ahead.  Moving to advertising. In Q4, ad revenue growth once again outpaced volume due to Promoted Listings, driving approximately $227 million in revenue, up 4%. Adoption grew at double-digit rates in both the number of sellers and the number of listings promoted. Looking at the full year, our advertising business, including both first-party and third-party ad products, surpassed $1 billion, up 9%. To drive the next growth cycle in advertising, we expanded the rollout of new products to more sellers and markets during the quarter.  PL Express, our auction listings product, was fully launched to all major markets. We also integrated this feature into more listing tools to drive further adoption. For PL Advanced, our cost per click offering, we opened access to AI-driven recommendations for keywords and bid pricing. While this product remains in a limited beta as we optimize the customer experience, we are increasing exposure and streamlining reporting for sellers.  For external Promoted Listings, we continue to ramp more affiliate traffic through the eBay partner network. We also increased traffic from external paid search to Promoted Listings in European markets. Participating sellers are seeing increased traffic and conversion while maintaining control over ad pricing.  We have carefully meted the rollout out of these new products while balancing impacts to our buyer experience. Despite the limited release, new ad products provide a material contribution to Promoted Listings revenue growth in Q4. We expect this to accelerate in the coming quarters as availability and adoption of these new product increases.  Another area where we made significant progress last year was in e-commerce. Volume of pre-loved products grew faster than new products in 2021 driven by demand from younger consumers. For the full year, we delivered $2.7 billion of GMV in pre-loved electronics and apparel in the U.S., U.K. and Canada.  In addition to providing customers great value on unique used goods, e-commerce activity also helped to meet our sustainability goals. These purchases reduced carbon emissions by approximately 540,000 metric tons in 2021. eBay is a carbon-neutral company, and I'm thrilled by the recognition we recently received as a sustainability leader in e-commerce.  For the third year running, eBay has made the Dow Jones Sustainability World in North American indices, putting us in the top 10% of companies in our industry globally. eBay was also included in Just Capital and CNBC's Just 100 list. This list measures corporate performance and efforts in areas such as climate change, DE&I and employee wellness. When compared to nearly 1,000 companies, eBay ranked 88th overall and fourth in retail when it comes to minimizing our environmental impact. I'm really proud of the progress our team is making here.  The eBay community continues to demonstrate its tremendous generosity. In Q4, eBay for Charity enabled sellers and buyers to raise almost $37 million, up 6%. And for the year, customers raised over $145 million, up 18%, the most raised since we started this program almost 20 years ago.  Lastly, we were honored this year to receive Glassdoor's 2022 Employees' Choice Award. This award reflects anonymous feedback from current and former employees regarding topics such as crew opportunities, culture and values, and diversity inclusion, just to name a few. We are truly honored to be recognized by the people who make eBay the company it is.  Now I would like to talk about our upcoming Investor Day on March 10. In July of 2020, I outlined a clear vision of a winning strategy for the company. Since that time, we increased our focus on sellers and buyers, accelerated the pace of innovation, simplified the portfolio and revamped the leadership team. We also drove successful multiyear initiatives in payments and advertising, both of which exceeded ambitious targets. This unprecedented level of change in eBay all happened in parallel with a global pandemic that massively disrupted short-term consumer behavior. Their early results have demonstrated that our strategy is working, and the business is stronger than it was before the pandemic. Our focus categories are returning to market rates of growth. High-value buyers are growing, and they are spending more. We are empowering sellers by simplifying their experience, saving them money and providing tools to accelerate their growth.  Our technology investments are driving a simpler and more sustainable marketplace. And along the way, our investors have been rewarded with strong earnings growth and significant capital returns.  Looking ahead, we're excited about the next few years as we build on the momentum we have established. I look forward to introducing you to our world-class leadership team and sharing more about our plans, along with a few new initiatives we will unveil at Investor Day. We have our eyes squarely focused on deepening our relationship with sellers and buyers and building the world's most sustainable marketplace for the eBay community.  In closing, I would like to sincerely thank our extraordinary employees for an amazing year. They completed a huge payments transition, executed 2 large dispositions and improved the underlying growth of our business. While doing so, they delivered tremendous sustainability results and supported sellers and buyers during these challenging times.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Stephen Priest: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with the financial highlights from the quarter and full year on Slide 4 of our investor presentation. Next, I'll walk through key operating and financial metrics in greater detail. Finally, I'll provide our forward outlook and closing thoughts before we begin Q&A. Please note, my comments will reflect year-over-year comparisons at constant currency, unless I note otherwise.  Overall, we are pleased with our Q4 results as we met or exceeded expectations across all of our key financial metrics, capping off an exceptional 2021 for eBay. I've been inspired by our team's relentless focus and execution amid uncertain economic and operating conditions throughout the year. Importantly, our performance in 2021 demonstrated the progress we have made towards a return to durable, sustainable growth in the years ahead.  Revenue grew 5% to $2.6 billion in Q4, over 15 points faster than volume growth. For 2021, revenue grew 15% to $10.4 billion, up 18 points faster than volume growth. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 31.6% for the quarter. For the full year, we generated approximately $3.5 billion of operating profit at 33.4% margin. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew 24% to $1.05 in Q4. For the full year, EPS grew 21% to $4.02. We generated $2.6 billion of free cash flow in 2021 and returned $7.5 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends.  Let's take a deeper look into our key operating and financial metrics. As a reminder, we adjusted our definition of GMV in December following the completion of our payments migration. The change had a modest impact on our historical GMV and active buyer figures, but the impact of the change on year-over-year growth for each metric in Q4 was immaterial.  Starting with active buyers. We ended 2021 with 147 million active buyers on a trailing 12-month basis, representing a 9% year-over-year decline. The expected decrease in active buyers was primarily driven by low value buyers, which fell 9% versus Q4 of 2019. Growth in high-value buyers over the same period was 3%. Although fewer buyers sold on eBay as compared to prepandemic levels, total high-value buyers were up due to growth in high spending and [indiscernible]. And importantly, even as mobility restrictions have been lifted, spend for high-value buyer continues to expand at healthy rates.  Our buyers purchased $20.7 billion of GMV in Q4, which marked an 11% decline and landed near the high end of our outlook. Compared with Q4 of 2019, GMV grew 9% at constant currency, representing a 3-point deceleration sequentially. On a geographic basis, U.S. GMV grew 22% versus Q4 of 2019, while international GMV declined 1% on an FX-neutral basis. Our U.S. and international markets were impacted by softness in overall online shopping activity during the Cyber Five holiday period, but both geographies improved during the remainder of December.  Consistent with prior quarters, numerous factors contributed to the growth differential between our U.S. and international markets. Core macroeconomic factors like GDP, retail growth and inflation have been notably stronger in the U.S. than our international markets. Other macro factors like global supply chain disruptions, shipping constraints and other export challenges have had a negative impact on growth in our international markets. These dynamics have particularly impacted sellers involved in cross-border trade, which skew towards non-U.S. markets.  Conversely, our domestic sellers likely benefited from item scarcity due to supply changes. Our domestic GMV has benefited from momentum in collectibles, which is largely a U.S. phenomenon. In addition, high ASP luxury categories are growing faster in the U.S. as the rollout of our innovation playbook is more nascent internationally. However, as our luxury categories build momentum and we roll out product improvements in categories like P&A, which represents a higher share of GMV in international markets, growth outside the U.S. should see greater benefit.  Our focus category coverage expanded to approximately 20% of GMV as we made product improvements in P&A and broadened our country footprint in existing luxury categories. Focus categories outpaced growth in other categories by approximately 15 points in Q4, demonstrating the impact of our innovation playbook.  Net revenue during the quarter was $2.6 billion, up 5%, while transaction revenue also grew 5%. Under our updated definition of GMV, our transaction take rate of 11.8% was roughly in line with Q3 as we completed the managed payments migration. Managed payments contributed 15 points of revenue growth in Q4 and generated $2 billion of incremental revenue in 2021, meeting our full year target. We remain excited about the potential for managed payments to open up new opportunities in financial services for our sellers and buyers.  Within our advertising business, Promoted Listings grew 4% during the quarter, outpacing volume by 15 points. As Jamie noted, we are encouraged by the progress of our new ad products, which began to gradually move the needle from Promoted Listings growth during the quarter.  Moving down the P&L. Our non-GAAP operating margin in Q4 was 31.6%. For the full year, our non-GAAP operating margin was 33.4%, increasing by close to 200 basis points versus 2019. This leverage was particularly notable given the incremental contribution from managed payments, which generates material operating profit, but is dilutive to reporting operating margins.  Cost of revenue rose by over 4 points as a percentage of revenue in Q4 year-over-year due to the variable payment processing costs from managed payments. With the migration behind us, we expect gross margin to stabilize around the current run rate in the short term with normal seasonal fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter. Our other operating expenses declined by over 4 points in aggregate, roughly offsetting the decline in gross margin as payments revenue post fewer fixed expenses.  Turning to earnings per share. During the quarter, we delivered $1.05 of non-GAAP EPS, up 24%. Contributions from payments and advertising in conjunction with share repurchases offset the lapping of mobility tailwinds last year. We generated a GAAP loss per share of $1.47 due primarily to mark-to-market losses on our investment portfolio. We generated $372 million of free cash flow in Q4 and ended the year with cash and non-equity investments of $7.3 billion as well as gross debt of $9.1 billion. We repurchased $3 billion of shares during Q4, an average price of approximately $70 per share, with the majority of our buyback executed through accelerated share repurchase programs. Additional ASR details will be available in our 10-K filing. We also paid a quarterly cash dividend of $107 million in December, representing $0.18 per share.  Our investments are detailed on Slide 13. After closing our Permira and Korea deals, which yielded approximately $5 billion in cash, our remaining investment portfolio was worth over $8 billion in aggregate at the end of Q4. Our remaining Adevinta shares were valued at $5.4 billion. We held approximately $1.1 billion of Adyen shares after exercising our first tranche of warrants during Q4. Including the estimated value of our remaining warrant tranches, our total Adyen investment amounted to $1.5 billion. Our stake in KakaoBank was worth roughly $700 million. And finally, the fair value of our nearly 20% ownership interest in Gmarket in Korea was approximately $700 million.  Moving to our outlook, beginning with the full year on Slide 14. To summarize, 2022 will be the tale of 2 halves. During the first half of the year, we'll lap significant mobility and macro tailwinds from 2021, with margins pressured as we scale investments sequentially. During the second half, we should observe the cleanest year-over-year comps we've encountered since entering the pandemic, revealing the underlying growth and earnings power of our business.  For the full year, we forecast GMV to decline by 5% to 8% on an FX-neutral basis, with an FX headwind of roughly 200 to 300 basis points to reported growth. We anticipate the GMV decline in the mid-teens on an FX-neutral basis during the first half as we lap a period of significant global mobility restrictions and the U.S. stimulus effects. In the second half, we expect flat to modestly positive GMV growth and anticipate exiting the year growing volume at 2% to 3% in constant currency. Notably, the quarterly phasing of our GMV should more closely approximate prepandemic seasonality moving forward, assuming mobility and macro factors remain relatively stable throughout the year.  We expect our 2022 take rate to expand by roughly 1 point driven primarily by a full year of managed payments and increased revenue contribution from Promoted Listings as we scale our new products. We forecast 2022 revenue of $10.3 billion to $10.5 billion, representing FX-neutral growth of flat to positive 3%. During the first half, we expect revenues to decline in the low to mid-single digits before reaccelerating in the second half to go in the mid- to high single digits in constant currency.  As we exit Q4, we expect the relationship between revenue and GMV to tighten as we fully lap the managed payments rollout. We expect non-GAAP operating margin of between 30% and 31% this year. The second quarter should mark the low point for margins during the year as we lap difficult comps and ramp up our pace of investment. Our investments in focus categories last year had a measurable positive impact on growth. Thus, we are doubling down on investments in products and full funnel marketing initiatives in 2022, supporting these categories. We're confident these investments will improve customer satisfaction rates and drive sustainable growth in the years ahead.  We forecast non-GAAP EPS of between $4.20 and $4.40 in 2022. During the first half of the year, we expect EPS to be down low single digits year-over-year as we lap last year's outstanding growth and scale investments. However, the midpoint of our outlook implies EPS will grow in the high teens during the second half as GMV turns positive and revenue outpaces volume.  Our Board recently increased our share repurchase authorization by $4 billion, bringing our total authorization to approximately $6 billion. We are also raising our quarterly dividend by 22% to $0.22 per share, our third consecutive double-digit raise since establishing our dividend in 2019.  Looking at the first quarter guidance on Slide 15. We forecast revenue between $2.43 billion and $2.48 billion, representing a decline between 5% and 7% at constant currency. We expect our take rate to be roughly stable sequentially, implying GMV is down 17% to 19% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. We anticipate non-GAAP operating margins between 31.5% and 32% in Q1, up modestly versus Q4 at the midpoint, but down 5 to 6 points year-over-year as we lap extraordinary volume leverage last year due to COVID. We project non-GAAP EPS between $1.01 and $1.05 in Q1, representing a year-over-year decline of 6% to a decline of 3%.  In closing, 2021 was an outstanding year for eBay. We delivered strong Q4 and full year results despite a challenging operating environment, uncertain macro conditions and constantly changing consumer behavior throughout the pandemic. Our focus categories meaningfully outpace overall volume growth due to increased customer satisfaction rates, offering demonstrable proof that our innovation playbook is working.  We generated $2 billion of revenue from managed payments this year after completing our migration and still see many more opportunities to leverage financial services to reduce friction for sellers and buyers on eBay. We delivered over $1 billion of advertising revenue this year and significantly broadened our ad portfolio to meet the needs of more sellers, helping them grow their businesses on eBay.  We've made prudent investments in people, product and technology to support our strategic pillars. We believe these investments will drive durable growth in our marketplace in the years ahead. We grew non-GAAP EPS by 21% on top of strong earnings growth in the prior year, generated $2.6 billion of free cash flow, unlocked billions more from our portfolio divestitures and returned $7.5 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends.  We are proud to have taken meaningful steps to improve our environmental impact this year by achieving 100% carbon neutrality, setting ambitious science-based targets for the future and the continuous progress we are making as we focus on driving e-commerce and the circular economy as a whole.  I would like to echo Jamie's thanks to our incredible employee base as their tireless efforts have been instrumental in bringing our strategy to life. To our valued sellers and buyers in the eBay community, your response to our investments in trust and innovation give us conviction that we are on the right path. We are excited to reveal more details about our future road map very soon.  To the investment community, we appreciate your continued interest and look forward to hosting you at our virtual Investor Day on March 10.  With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Scott Devitt from Stifel.
Scott Devitt: I have two. The first, U.S. and international GMV growth rates have been diverging recently, favoring the U.S. for a variety of reasons. And so as we get through to the second half of '22, in which overall GMV improves to flat to modest -- modestly positive and you begin lapping the -- of stimulus and mobility dynamics, supply chain cross-border and differences in the reopening time in various countries, should we assume that U.S. versus international growth dynamics converge, even maybe favoring international due to cross-border? And are there any specific countries you point out in one direction or the other relative the overall growth rate of the business when we get back to that kind of normal period of time again?  And then secondly, I know you just divested a number of businesses, but valuations of companies that could be bolted on to the platform has changed considerably just in the past few months. And I'm curious if the environment change has made you more open to considering acquisitions within the marketplace category.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So Scott, this is Jamie. So on the U.S. versus international, as we talked about last quarter, there's a couple of dynamics that are impacting the differences in the growth rate. First, on the macro side, just different markets, GDP growth, inflation growth, retail growth are different and lower in Europe than what we're seeing in the U.S. We've talked about the supply chain challenges, which have a bigger impact on our international business than on our U.S. business. So in some cases in the U.S., we're favored by it in things like video graphics cards, which are in high demand.  At the same time, we have a strong cross-border trade business, and some of our sellers are impacted by some of the supply chain dynamics and export challenges. And that hits our international segment more than our U.S. segment.  The third component is really the focus categories are much more nascent in our international business than in the U.S. So think a category like watches, which has been live for several quarters in the U.S., we just rolled that out to U.K. and Germany this quarter, ditto with some of our other products and focus categories where they're still rolling it off to our international markets. And as we've seen, it takes a few quarters for us to achieve the growth rate levels that we saw in the U.S. But we believe that, that playbook will apply and that will help the convergence that you talked about.  The last thing is really just the collectible difference between the 2 markets. Trading cards and that whole segment is stronger in the U.S. than it is in international. So it's a long way to say that there's a number of factors that are at play there. But yes, we believe, over time, as the categories roll out, that will drive the convergence as well as some of the macro effects like the supply chain and other pieces change over time.  On your second question on M&A, yes, we continue to look at M&A as an opportunity to accelerate our tech-led reimagination. We've said we will be opportunistic to look at areas that are asset-light and consistent with our business to drive the strategy that we've laid out. The example I would point to is, most recently, Sneaker Con and that investment with authentication properties and services in 5 different countries enabling us to accelerate even faster what's happening on sneakers, where we've seen really great success. In fact, we think the playbook has worked well enough now that we're actually remonetizing sneakers this quarter for sneakers over $100. So it gives us scale, and it gives us flexibility, and that was the point of the acquisition.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Just following up from Scott's question. I think looking at the exit run rate for '22, some investors we talked to, I think, were hoping to see a little bit more than 2% to 3% GMV growth with all the focus category activity and initiatives that you're working on. So I guess why aren't we seeing higher growth once we kind of hit the easier comp period? Are we still cleaning up some of the lower-quality buyers? Anything that you would call out in terms of why that growth rate isn't quite up to the e-commerce averages at the end of '22?  And then, Steve, you mentioned new opportunities in managed payments now that we're 100% covered. Just can you elaborate a little bit on what you guys are going to potentially roll out in payments, that would be great.
Stephen Priest: Ross, Steve here. Thank you for the questions. I think the thing I would say is that we've made a very significant progress in our growth at eBay over the last couple of years. As you recall, prior to the pandemic, as we left 2019, the overall 2019, the business was shrinking, minus 2. We actually exited 2019 at minus 4. And as we've gone through the pandemic, we've made the right investments, we've really driven the tech-led reimagination and really driven our focus category playbook, which is working very, very effectively.  As you sort of cycle through the pandemic, as we've said, the second half of the year -- the first half, we obviously are lapping very significant mobility challenges associated with the pandemic last year. As we come through the first half and get into the second half, it is obviously the cleanest comps that we've got from the pandemic. But we've always said over the last couple of years, the tech-led reimagination is a multiyear process. I'm delighted with the progress that we've made. The momentum is working. We're going category by category. And as we said, we're exiting the year in the -- well, our expectations to exit the year at sort of 2% to 3% growth.  The thing with the focus categories, I'd also like to add, is that those areas that we've lent into are growing at about 15 points higher than the rest of the platform. And so again, it's very, very clear that strategy is working, and it will continue to take some time.  The second thing I would talk about is obviously on managed payments. Magnificent work by the team. Very proud of what was achieved in 2021. I would describe it as being the end of the beginning. We completed the transition, enabled us to drive a seamless experience for our customers, both from a commerce standpoint and a payments standpoint, gives us the opportunity to eliminate things like UPIs or unpaid items, which is continuing to take friction away from the platform and increase trust.  But again, we have opportunities as we go forward. I'm really excited that we have the opportunity to have Julie Loeger, who is leading our payments platform and the initiatives going forward, who will be joining us at our investor event on the 10th of March, who will be sharing with us our longer-term strategy, and I'm looking forward to you dialing in and seeing us on the 10th of March.
Operator: Moving on, your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: So Jamie, your seller base has always been SMBs and individuals. And it seems like the ad products that seem to be fairly popular with smaller advertisers are those that are doing a lot of that automating of spend for them. So some sellers may be pretty savvy, and they might want to do -- manage the campaigns on their own, but I would imagine more folks would probably rather have eBay do the spending for them. So can you talk about where you may be in terms of simplifying PLAs for your sellers to expand the adoption rate? And expanding on that do-it-for-me theme, can you talk about where you may be in terms of the adoption rate for your external Promoted Listings product?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So thanks for the question. So we agree with you. So we think the benefit of having multiple advertising products is to appeal to not only multiple types of sellers but multiple types of advertising occasions. So we built our first $1 billion business over the last 5 years on a single product, which is a CPA-based product. And we've introduced 3 new products: Express, which is a fixed price, easy-to-understand product; external, which is really just an opt-in product for our external promoter listings, so that one is pretty straightforward: and then Advanced, which is actually a quite sophisticated product for SMBs, ones that are more used to keyword bidding, campaigns, daily budget levels, CPC amounts, et cetera.  And so what I would say is that we're happy because the CPA-based product, our product that's out there for 5 years, is actually a pretty easy product and a low-risk product, meaning, I only pay when I sell the product from that perspective. But we're also excited that the new products actually round out the portfolio of opportunities to drive advertisement.  The Advanced ones like CPC are still in a nascent stage. So we're still in a limited beta with those products. And it's really -- it'll take time just like it did for multi-years with the CPA to build the optimization, to drive trial, to drive adoption, et cetera. But exactly what you said is why we have the portfolio of products. And yes, we continue to look at ways to leverage artificial intelligence and other things to make not only the products easier for sellers to adopt, but also make them more effective in terms of the ROAS or the return on ad spend that we're seeing. Thus far, we've been really pleased with the ROAS that sellers are getting and shows us that there's continued opportunity in our advertising portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Blackledge from Cowen.
John Blackledge: Two questions. First, on the focus categories based on the current GMV guide. Do you expect the focus categories to sustain that growth differential -- the 15% differential versus non-focus categories in fiscal '22? And then second question on margin/investments. The 1Q '22 op margin is a bit higher than the '22 op margin guide, and you cited some investments. Could you discuss the investment spend that's kind of being phased in throughout '22?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So I'll start with the first one, and then, Steve, you can take the margin question. So on the focus category, yes, over time, we will be adding additional focus categories. Our next one is parts and accessories. And that category is a very large category on eBay, one where we come in from a position of strength. Especially in the U.K. and Germany, we have a market-leading position. There are some differences. Trading cards had a very strong year in '21. And so thus far, the category is performing well. But overall, I would say, yes, we think that the focus categories will continue to maintain a significant margin to the rest of the business.  And frankly, it's why we're excited and why we're investing, to your second question. If I just back up and take sneakers. Sneakers have been declining for 3 years, John, at double digits. We invested in the category. We've built critical specific marketing campaigns. We built an A+ experience that had over 90 customer satisfaction. And what you saw there is that the business really took off. We grew triple digits a year ago, still doing double digits in that business. And in fact, the category is still healthy now that we're actually remonetizing it. So we just reintroduced monetization over $100 for sneakers. And that's part of the investment that we're looking to do in '22 is to continue to roll out this winning formula that we have in the playbook to additional categories.
Stephen Priest: John, Steve here. So let me just give you a little bit of color on the overall margin position as we've guided the full year margin for 2022 of 30% to 31%. There's a number of items at play here. Number one, we've got volume deleverage that's happening in the overall business as we cycle through the lapping of the pandemic, which is much more significant in the first half, as you can imagine. Secondly, as we sort of lap the payments transition that we went through, that's also a dilutionary effect.  On the flip side, we have been doing a lot of work on our operational efficiency and going deep on our cost structure to identify opportunities to take cost out of the business to enable us to go forward with reinvestment.  And then finally, we have been, as Jamie said, really delighted with the trajectory that we've had with regard to our focus categories. Think about sneakers, think about watches, think about the 15% -- 15-point increase over the core platform. And that's been a result of investments that we have made to really change the tide and turn the tide on the focus category we've had. So we're going to be leaning in to product. We're going to be leaning into full funnel marketing as we go category by category in '22. So it continues to be an investment year as we go forward.  Q2 will be the lowest point of the margin for the year when, firstly, we do continue to lap through that significant COVID lapping from last year, but also the phasing of the investments as they start to ramp in the second quarter and ramp through the rest of the year as we go forward. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a shape of the macro picture, but also the shape of margin trajectory as we go through 2022.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe a multi-parter on buyers that sort of dovetails with some of the questions you've gotten so far. If we were to compartmentalize buyer growth going forward, how should we be thinking about the headwinds you're facing in sort of a post-pandemic environment, elements where you yourself are not choosing buyer growth and where there could be tailwinds to buyer growth from some of the new verticalized experiences you're trying to build out for the platform over the medium to long term? So sort of -- I don't know if there's a way to sort of characterize it that way, but if we were to think about those 3 buckets and elements of headwinds and tailwinds and how it feeds back in to thinking about buyer growth going forward.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, on high-value buyers, we've talked about the shift in strategy where back in 2019, we were focused on the total number of active buyers. And I've refocused the organization since last July on this idea of turning buyers into enthusiasts and really focusing on our high-value buyers. High-value buyers, if you look at it, are really made up of 2 groups, buyers who sell and then high-value buyers, buyers who buy over $800 and shop 6 times a year. When we look at high-value buyers in total this quarter, they're up 3% year on 2 year, whereas our low-value buyers are down 9% year on 2 year. So this is a very conscious strategy to not do low ASP couponing and some of the stuff that we were doing.  To your question, both of -- these metrics for buyers are trailing 12-metric -- 12-month metric. So what we're seeing is a slight deceleration from the infrequent sellers, and that's something that we had planned to see and will likely see for coming quarters in some time period. But the second group, the enthusiast buyers, is growing. And in fact, their spend is growing more each quarter so that it grew again this quarter. We call those our enthusiast buyers. I've met a lot of these enthusiast buyers, right? They wake up. They grab a cup of coffee, and they open up the eBay app. They shop eBay across multiple categories. And when you look at their spend, it's a very healthy spend level, right, $2,000-plus.  So what we're going to be focused on is things like driving the cross-category shopping nature of those buyers. And so take watches, for example, when we acquire a watch buyer, we'll get them to spend $9,000 in watches, but they'll go on to spend $7,000 in other categories. So we get this multiplier effect on eBay from being able to acquire somebody into a category and having them spend across the vast breadth that we offer.  So you'll see different patterns over time. We'll continue to see some deceleration from these infrequent sellers. And quarter-to-quarter, we may see some changes in high-value buyers. But overall, when we look at the trajectory of what we're doing is we're making the business a whole lot healthier by focusing on this group, getting to go cross-category and, frankly, acquiring enthusiasts right into our focus categories. That's the strategy that we'll have, and we'll go into more detail on Investor Day on March 10 on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird.
Colin Sebastian: Maybe two for me as well. A follow-up, Jamie, on the comments around sustainable growth and focus categories. Is P&A the only incremental vertical category change embedded in the guidance for the first half? And beyond easier comps then, does the second half growth outlook include other category enhancements you haven't really talked about yet?  And then maybe, Steve, secondly, there were some changes to seller pricing announced recently. I wonder if you could perhaps unpack the size of that impact from those changes in the take rate and how that flows through the year in terms of the guidance.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So as you've seen, Colin, I don't like to talk about where we're going next for competitive reasons and kind of giving away what is our next focus area. So the other one that we've announced is going after parts and accessories next as a large category dominant market leader position and a great opportunity for us. We talked about investment. You're starting to see full funnel marketing from what we're doing in parts and accessories from a leading position as well as a number of product changes like opening up our global category structure to make it easier to do cross-border trade business, putting all of our parts into the vehicles apps, et cetera. And so we'll go into a lot more depth on Investor Day at what we're seeing in the focus categories that we worked on and our path forward, but that's all that we've announced up until this point.
Stephen Priest: Colin, thanks for the question. I'll talk about take rate. So just as a reminder, our take rate is ballparked around 12%, but 8 to that final value feed, 3 on payments, 1 on ads. There is a little bit of -- there's a number of items that we're going through as we go through the trajectory of 2022. The first thing is that we're obviously starting to lap payments. And so some of that trajectory that we saw grow significantly as we went through 2021 will plateau off. We're obviously continuing to see some of the ads momentum that Jamie sort of alluded to earlier. And then there's obviously puts and takes in terms of category mix and category pricing as we go forward.  In the prepared comments, we talked about an incremental 1 point of take rate as we go through 2022, and that's primarily going to be a result of the payments rollout for the full year effect as we go forward.  The other thing I would say is that we continue to drive great value for our sellers. If you think about prior to payments rollout, we actually brought the combined take rate down as a result of going through managed payments. So we still create and offer extremely good value for our sellers as we go forward and eBay being the platform of choice for those great sellers as we go forward.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. A good example of that is in sneakers, right? So I talked about us remonetizing sneakers for sneakers over $100. We're still a great value for buyers and sellers versus other places that they can sell and buy sneakers. So we feel great about that. And that's the feedback that we've gotten from the community. We'll continue to make other smart changes like we did in parts and accessories, in watches and in certain categories constantly with this viewpoint of how do we provide the right value for our sellers on the platform to make sure we're bringing the best inventory on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yruma from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Edward Yruma: Two quick ones for me. I guess, first, to the extent you could talk about it, with some of these changes in the pricing structures as a follow-up to the last question, do you see any adverse impact in terms of the number of sellers or the performance level when you reprice some of these categories tactically? And then as a follow-up to that, as you look across the rest of the portfolio, do you think that there are other opportunities for you to take price given the strong momentum the platform has?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So in general, we obviously studied the elasticity quite a bit. And what I was saying about sneakers is true, which is we're maintaining a double-digit growth in that category. And relative to other places that they can sell their sneakers, we're still very economical and the best value for doing so. So we always look at the elasticity, what's our opportunity to bring more demand. In certain cases, we do, for example, C2C promotions to bring sellers onto the platform in our various markets. But we're kind of rebalanced obviously being a great value for our sellers and our, ultimately, monetization.  I'd probably point you back, Ed, to what Steve said about advertising, which is the main vector for us in terms of driving monetization across the board and increasing the take rate. Other than that, we're really just looking at category by category and making sure that we're competitive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Champion from Piper Sandler.
Thomas Champion: Jamie, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the impact on buyer activity from video content and video added to listings. And then, Steve, maybe just a quick one for you. Not to beat a dead horse on managed payments and the take rate, but notice the transaction take rate remained flat quarter-over-quarter. 3Q to 4Q, all else equal, I would think that would go up a little bit. Is that kind of evidence of offering a discount or lower core transaction take rate in some categories or a function of mix? Just curious if you could discuss that result a little bit.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, Tom. So on the videos, what I would say it's very, very early days. So we just rolled out the feature. Excited about it from 2 elements, though. One is excited for our eBay store sellers that they can now build a video to tell their story. One of the unique parts of eBay is it's not just a transactional model. So if you look at some of these models, your brand doesn't meet a whole lot. At eBay, we let the seller really build the brand and have access to 160 million buyers. And so that, I think, will be really powerful as more and more sellers adopt it.  The same thing is true for our listings and bringing video across the platform. One is it just makes the engagement of the platform much more compelling. I think about an oboe I recently bought them a platform of 2 quarters ago from my daughter. It was great, lots of pictures and lots of description, but god, a video and being able to hear it would have been even more compelling. You could think about that in a lot of categories.  So it's really early days. We're just adopting it for our API-based sellers and moving into our core listing flows. But we think over the coming quarters and years, it'll be an exciting new element for us on eBay.
Stephen Priest: Tom, with regards to the payments take rate, great question. What I'd say is we were essentially complete as we entered the fourth quarter of last year with regards to the payments migration, as we talked about. Fantastic work by the team. And so on the basis of that and the fact that, as you put it, you got a bit of seasonality in there and category mix. So nothing to see there. It's just a function of those two items.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Fitzgerald from Wells Fargo.
Brian Fitzgerald: A little bit about growth in preowned, particularly among young buyers and the sustainability push across the company. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the sustainability vision, how that aligns with your younger buyer cohorts, anything you could tell us about kind of brand awareness and association with that sustainability focus among younger users, growth in those younger cohorts.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Great. So even really pioneered e-commerce, and I think the strategy we laid out last July of leaning into e-commerce, is leaning into right where the next generation is going. And I'm really happy because not only leading into where Gen Z is, but we're keeping products in circulation, keeping them out of the landfill.  We did a survey recently, and 87% of respondents said they had sold preowned goods in the last 12 months. And it's really important to Gen Z because it plays a huge role in their experience. 81% of Gen Z said that buying preowned items has become more common for them in the last year. So we feel great from a business perspective, but also from an ESG perspective.  If you think about what e-commerce does, we just made the Dow Jones Sustainability World in North America indices for the third year in a row. I talked about some of the other recognition that we had as an organization. We've saved hundreds of millions of dollars in terms of emissions, just in apparel and preloved electronics. So from an ESG standpoint, we think ESG is so core to what eBay does, that we should be in every ESG fund. So both from a business and an ESG standpoint, we think we're leaning into a great vector of growth.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing-by and welcome to eBay Q3 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today. Joe Billante, VP Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's Earnings Release Conference Call for the Third Quarter of 2021. Joining me today on the call, are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer, and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer.  We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Steve's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors. ebayinc.com.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss the non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.  Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie 's and Steve's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results.  These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K, and Form 10-Q, and our earnings release from earlier today.  You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 27, 2021, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I will begin the call with key highlights from the third quarter. Then I will share some updates on the progress we're making towards our strategic vision.  At the end of my remarks, I will turn the call over to Steve, who will discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. Q3 was another strong quarter driven by our team's relentless focus on sellers and buyers. I'm excited by the positive impact this is having on the underlying health of the business.  The changes we are making to the marketplace are improving results today and are also putting us in a better position to deliver sustainable growth. We remain confident in our long-term vision to grow the core, become the seller platform of choice, and cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with buyers. Let me highlight a few achievements from the quarter that brought us one step closer to this vision.  Our business delivered better-than-expected revenue and earnings growth on the high end of our guidance. Our strategic playbook continues to improve customer satisfaction and build trust and is leading to faster GMV growth in our focus categories.  The managed payments migration, which is nearly complete, is helping sellers and buyers by reducing friction, lowering costs, and enabling new capabilities. Our advertising business continues to grow faster than marketplace volume, and our product innovation provides sellers new tools to help them scale their eBay businesses. We're also making great strides in our ESG effort.  Recently, we received approval from the Science Based Targets initiative for our multi-year carbon emission reduction goal. And importantly, we announced that eBay will be 100% carbon neutral this year, and will remain so going forward.  I'm pleased to report that all key business metrics either met or surpassed our expectations in Q3. Revenue over-performed growing 10%, driven by acceleration in the payments migration and promoted listings growth. We also delivered $0.90 of non-GAAP EPS at the high-end of expectations while increasing technology investments. GMV performed in line with expectations globally, declining 12% versus last year and increasing 9% compared to 2019.  Excluding transitory macro impacts, we continue to see modestly positive underlying growth in the business. Global active sellers remained unchanged at 19 million and total active buyers were 154 million.  Over the past year, we have focused on attracting and retaining high-value buyers by innovating and focus categories and targeting enthusiasts with upper funnel marketing. We've also discontinued legacy couponing that skewed towards low-value buyers. These actions are resulting in a gradual evolution of our buyer base over time. Compared to the third quarter of 2019, high-value buyers are up 6%.  Another ongoing transformation of our marketplace is managed payments, which progress quickly during the quarter. In Q3, we processed over 90% of on-platform GMV, and remain on track to finish by the end of this year.  I'm thrilled that we're close to migrating all of our global sellers to a next-gen product experience. While we are close to completing the transition, we are only at the beginning of realizing our full payments potential.  Owning the entire seller and buyer journey unlocks opportunities to remove friction, improve trust, and provide new capabilities to sellers and buyers. We are already starting down this path, and here are few examples. Last quarter, we effectively eliminated unpaid items on fixed-price transactions and have continued to reduce this issue for best offers. In the UK, we're paying many sellers as quickly as next business day after buyer payment is confirmed.  Based on community feedback, we've reduced another pain point for trusted sellers by increasing protection against fraudulent returns by requiring photos and providing returns shipping credits. In addition, we continue to improve our stores experience to make eBay the seller platform of choice.  We've been increasing our traffic to stores and providing more CRM capabilities to make managing their businesses on eBay easier than ever. Sellers are leveraging these new features to drive repeat purchases. For example, in only 6 months since launch, more than 2.5 million buyers have completed a repeat purchase from a store using our new seller funded coupons.  To further build sellers brands, we're testing video integration on high traffic pages to help them tell their unique and compelling stories to enthusiast buyers. Our advertising revenue continues to outpace volume due to promoted listings, which drove over $207 million in revenue in Q3 up 9%. We also tested 3 new promoted listings products and are starting to offer these features to more sellers.  In September, we opened up promoted listings, expressed more sellers in the U.S., UK, Germany and Australia. This feature allows sellers to boost visibility of auction listings for a one-time fee, regardless of whether the item is sold.  Early adopters have seen substantial growth in impressions and [Indiscernible]. Last month, we invited eligible sellers to try Promoted Listings Advanced, enabling them to create campaigns on a cost-per-click basis with more budget control. In parallel, we launched a suite of tools to create campaigns, monitor performance, and optimize returns. We're also providing training and webinars to drive trial and adoption.  During Q3, we explored ways to syndicate ads off eBay through external Promoted Listings. Through the eBay partner network, we're testing tools and incentives for affiliates to drive enthusiast buyers to existing Promoted Listings sellers. We are also experimenting with other forms of seller funded marketing across various channels.  Our new advertising products are in the early days, and we're excited about their long-term potential. Moving to our focus categories, I'm pleased with the pace of innovation and the positive reaction from our sellers and buyers. Volume from these categories continues to outperform the rest of the marketplace, and we are increasing customer satisfaction by improving trust.  As you may recall, when we exited last quarter, we had applied our playbook to approximately 10% of global GMV. We remain on track to expand that to roughly 20% by the end of the year. Let me walk you through several examples. Our sneakers business in the U.S. continues to grow at healthy double-digit rates.  During Q3, we launched authentication in Germany, added 30 more brands to our catalog, and improved SEO performance for top sneaker brands. We also lean further into upper funnel marketing and sponsored key industry events to strengthen our reputation with enthusiasts.  Starting tomorrow, we will be trialing a new 3D image capability on select sneaker listing. Leveraging AI and machine learning, the experience will allow buyers to interact with a detailed 360-degree view of the actual item they are buying. We're excited about the potential of this new technology, particularly the ability to reinforce buyer confidence at the point of purchase. Moving to luxury watches, this category is also growing at strong double-digit rates in the U.S. Buyers are finding more inventory on eBay than other marketplaces, as many brands have decreased production and pre -owned supply is limited on other platforms.  Since launching authentication and luxury handbags, growth has accelerated in this category and was positive in Q3, outperforming the total U.S. site by double-digits. We are seeing the same high customer satisfaction as other authenticated categories.  As I've mentioned in the past, part of our strategy is to drive enthusiasts to new trusted experiences, and then leverage those buyers across our vast supply in other categories. The average buyer who purchases sneakers and luxury watches spends approximately $2000 and $8000 respectively in other categories.  We are seeing the exact same behavior in our latest focus category. Buyers of authenticated handbags are spending over $5,000 outside of handbag. This cross-category benefit for sellers and buyers as a unique advantage for eBay.  One of the reasons our growth has improved in luxury categories is the improvement in buyer and seller trust. We recently celebrated the one-year anniversary of authenticity guarantee, having now processed over 1.4 million items across multiple categories. Customer satisfaction has consistently exceeded 90%, and we are operating in 5 countries with a mix of in-house and third-party resources.  Another focus category that is driving growth in the U.S. is trading cards, which is growing significantly faster than the total marketplace. In late July, we launched new features, including price guides and collections, which allow trading card enthusiasts to view, manage, and track the value of their portfolios. To date, close to 4 million cards have been added to customer collections.  In addition, close to a quarter of a million buyers have used eBay's newly-launched price guide to visualize the changing value of their favorite trading cards. These features cater to the needs of high-value enthusiasts and are increasing engagement and trust in eBay. The next focus category we're applying the innovation playbook to is motors parts and accessories. [Indiscernible] creating a one-stop shop for vehicles and plus enthusiasts.  We're excited by the potential of bringing together one of the world's largest vehicle selections with hundreds of millions of parts in one customized experience. We're exploring further changes to parts and accessories that leverage our strong market position to capture more untapped growth.  ESG remains critical to our business health and to our customers, and I am pleased to announce that we have reached some significant milestones in our journey toward establishing eBay as the leading sustainability Company in e-commerce.  Just 2 weeks ago, we announced that our emission reduction goals were approved by the Science Based Targets initiative. We will reduce Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 90 [Indiscernible] this designation available and align. Additionally, we reduced value chain emissions from downstream transportation by 20% in the same timeframe.  To reduce emissions from goods shift using our platform, we will partner with our logistics providers to encourage low-carbon alternatives. I'm also proud that eBay will be carbon-neutral for our offices and data centers in 2021. We expect to maintain this going forward as we continue efforts to reduce our overall carbon footprint. At eBay, one of our core values is to be for everyone. As part of this focus, supporting our Seller Community is critically important.  Earlier this month, we issued a new report on equitable entrepreneurship, which revealed how selling on eBay helped women during the pandemic. We found that 82% of women who are new to eBay or increase their selling did so because of job loss, reduction of income, illness, loss of childcare, or some other hardship.  This vast majority of when women surveyed, says the ability to sell on eBay was a benefit during the pandemic, citing the need to earn additional income for themselves or drive revenue for their businesses.  I'm proud that our platform can provide flexibility and opportunity to so many during tough times so that they can earn extra income through selling on our marketplace. I'm also inspired by the continuous generosity of sellers and buyers on eBay.  During Q3, approximately $35 million was raised through eBay for charity, up 11%. Additionally, thousands of global employees help select small businesses to receive grants totaling $3 million from the eBay foundation.  These grants are focused on serving underrepresented entrepreneurs and are used to provide training, coaching, and mentorship needed to help their businesses thrive. In closing, as I mentioned at the start of the call, Q3 was yet another strong quarter.  We continue to make progress on our multi-year journey, and it's clear that our strategy is working. Enthusiasts are responding to innovation in our focus categories and are increasingly putting their trust -- putting up new capabilities for sellers and buyers.  Our advertising business is innovating by providing a portfolio of tools our sellers can leverage to build and grow their businesses on eBay and setting and achieving ambitious climate goals and providing a platform where economic opportunity is available to all. I want to thank our passionate employees who have tirelessly work to bring our vision and purpose in life. Their dedication to serving sellers and buyers is inspiring.  Their relentless execution is driving innovation and making eBay a better marketplace, and I couldn't be prouder to be in this team. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Steve, over to you.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie. And thank you all for joining us today. I'll begin with our Q3 financial highlights on Slide 4 of our presentation. We delivered another strong quarter. Our results met or exceeded the expectations across all key metrics, while our year-over-year comparisons reflect the extraordinary growth we experienced last year as a result of the pandemic.  These results were underpinned by continuous execution, divisions on payments, Promoted Listings, and focus categories. [Indiscernible] year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis. The transaction revenue grew by double-digits Primarily due to contributions from managed payments. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.90 per-share, and our operating margin is 31.7%.  We generated $502 million dollars of a free cash flow and returned approximately $2.4 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends during Q3. Given the underlying growth in our business and strong free cash flow generation, I'm pleased to announce we've raised our share buyback target for 2021 from $5 billion to $7 billion.  Our pending portfolio transactions remain on track to close within previously communicated timelines. We anticipate the sale of other [Indiscernible] shares. So [Indiscernible] were closed during Q4, while the career deal should close out the next year or potentially by the end of 2021.  Turning to active buyers on Slide five, we exit Q3 with a 154 million active buyers on a trailing 12-month basis, representing a 5% decrease year-over-year. This decline was primarily driven by low value buyers. [Indiscernible] makes more than half of our buyer base, but only 5% of GMV. As Jamie mentioned, this ongoing trend is a result of our strategy to prioritize attracting and retaining high body buyers.  We have confidence in this [Indiscernible] approach, but we recognize the reduction low value buyers could pressure our rolling 12-month active buyer accounts in the coming quarters. Compared with Q3 of 2019, low-value buyers are down 7%, while high-value buyers were up 6%.  Moving to GMV on Slide 6. In Q3, we delivered $19.5 billion of GMV, down 10% year-over-year on a spot basis, and down 12% on an FX-neutral basis in line with our expectations. The macro benefits to our business from mobility was significantly diminished in Q3 as restrictions sighted across the globe [Indiscernible] positive underlying growth in our business.  Compared with Q3 of 2019, GMV [Indiscernible] neutral basis. [Indiscernible] performance by market varied based on a number of factors, including relative mobility and [Indiscernible] specific macroeconomic trends. Internationally, GMV was roughly flat versus Q3 of 2019 on an FX-neutral basis.  A number of factors influenced the growth differential between the U.S. and our international markets during the quarter. My abilities back to pre-COVID levels in many of our largest international markets, diminishing the volume tailwinds we benefited from in third quarter. Changing consumer behavior, including uptake in leisure activities and travel, also might have impacted e-commerce guides internationally.  Additionally, category mix varies in our international markets, which have lower exposure to certain fast-growing verticals like collectibles. A higher concentration of items from cross-border trade that are more difficult to source amid the ongoing supply chain disruptions. Finally, our focus category rollouts on more nations in our international markets.  However, as our innovation playbook expands to more categories and countries, we are confident our international growth trajectory will increase. In the U.S., GMV grew 22% versus GMV of 2019. Growth in our domestic marketplace was driven by strong execution against our strategic pillars, big growth within e-commerce. Residential mobility improved in the U.S. and continues to trail Europe markets.  While leisure activities and travel increased in line with normalcy, including the lingering impact of government stimulus and [Indiscernible] The precise [Indiscernible] About likely a net positive contributor to U.S. growth in the near-term. And aggregate numerous puts and ties between regions, but we remain encouraged by the modestly positive underlying growth in our business.  Turning to revenue on Slide 7. Net revenue for Q3 was $2.5 billion of 10% year-over-year on an FX-neutral basis and 11% on a spot basis. We delivered $2.4 billion of transaction revenue, also up 11% on an FX-neutral basis. Growth was primarily driven by managed payments, which contributed roughly 20 points of incremental revenue growth during the third quarter.  The payments ramp drives an 80 basis points sequentially increasing our take rate, which surpassed 12% increases to moderate as -- the managed payments rollout is nearly complete. Within the advertising business, Promoted Listings grew 9% year-over-year.  Our pricing volume by 20% of the new Promoted Listings products have seen significant increases in performance, giving us confidence in the long-term potential to advertising revenue. Marketing services and other revenue declined 7% year-over-year to a $151 million driven by the impact of sold item declines on shipping programs and headwinds within third-party advertising.  We continue to purposely reduce third-party advertising in favor of Promoted Listings, which delivered superior performance and offer a better experience for both sellers and buyers. Moving to expenses on Slide 8.  In Q3, we delivered non-GAAP operating [Indiscernible], primarily driven by lower volume. Our cost of revenue has scaled in line with payments growth due to variable processing costs. This dynamic has pressured gross margins during our transition to managed payments. However, once the transition is complete, we expect gross margins to be more stable.  Moreover, the incremental revenue from payments drive significant leverage in our fixed expenses, most notably sales and marketing and G&A. Sales and marketing fell by nearly 4 points as a percentage of revenue year-over-year in Q3. In addition to leverage from payments revenue, sales and marketing was lower due to reduction in coupons and rewards programs that were previously targeted towards low value buyers.  Product development increased 21% year-over-year, as we continue to accelerate product innovation, and support our longer-term strategic initiatives within payments, advertising on focus categories. Transaction losses rise as a percentage of revenue by nearly 2 points versus last year due to higher consumer protection losses from the payments transition.  And the lapping of onetime benefits in the prior year, which were partially offset by the benefits of fee netting. Turning to EPS on Slide 9. We delivered $0.90 of non-GAAP EPS in Q3 at 9% year-over-year, as ramping contributions from payments on the net benefit share repurchases, more than offset the lapping of COVID -driven volumes, a year-ago.  GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.43, the dealt was primarily driven by a fair value adjustment on other venture shares, partly offset by gains from other investments. Switching to free cash flow on Slide 10, we delivered another strong quarter of cash generation in Q3 with $502 million of free cash flow, a 4% decline year-over-year.  The decline was driven by the timing of working capital and capex spend, partly offset by operational efficiencies and the timing of 2020 cash taxes. As a reminder, the managed payments transition has yield meaningful working capital benefits. Through three quarters of 2021, this benefit amounted to approximately $300 million.  Moving to capital allocation on Slide 11. we ended the quarter with cash and non-equity investments of $5.1 billion. In gross -- quarter, we returned approximately $2.4 billion to our shareholders through stock repricing dividends. We repurchased approximately 31 million shares for $2.3 billion with an average share price of $72.52. We also paid a quarterly dividend of a $116 million in September.  Given our fortress balance sheet and strong underlying free cash flow, we are updating our share buyback plan for 2021 from $5 billion to $7 billion, which implies approximately $3 billion of repurchases during the fourth quarter. Over all, our capital allocation objectives remain unchanged. We'll preserve financial flexibility to execute on strategy and drive long-term value creation.  We aim to drive organic growth in our business, and will look for opportunities to supplement that growth, with disciplined acquisitions and investments. We will optimize our financial flexibility, access to debt, and cost of capital, and we'll continue to deliver meaningful returns to shareholders -- to share repurchases and dividends.  We made 2 investments on Slide 12. As a reminder, we received 540 million shares in Adevinta from a classified sale, which closed during June of this year, represents an equity ownership stake of approximately 44%. As a regulatory condition of the classified sale, we committed to reduce our ownerships like in Adevinta just to 33% or less over 18 months following the close of the deal.  In July, we agreed to sell approximately 135 million shares to Permira for roughly $2.4 billion. We believe that Permira share trial remains on track to close during Q4 from the 405 million shares that we would retain, were worth close to $7 billion at the end of September.  Turning to Adyen, the ones we acquired in connection with our strategic partnership during the second quarter of 2018, were valued at $1.4 billion at the end of Q3, an increase of over $300 million quarter-over-quarter. You will find more information on the Adyen [Indiscernible] and [Indiscernible] [Indiscernible] Our staking to [Indiscernible] banks as appreciates the embody following the Company's IPR in August. At the end of Q3, our investment was worth approximately $800 million. Finally, in June, we announced plans to sell the 80% of our carrier business to A-Mark's for approximately $3 billion, higher than implied value of roughly $800 million at the time of the announcement.  We believe the deal remains on track supplies by early 2022 with a possibility of closing before the year-end. We remain excited about [Indiscernible] employable investments. The potential optionality that provide a significant value that collectively represent the eBay shareholders. Turning to guidance on Slide 13.  For the fourth quarter, we are projecting revenue between $2.57 and $2.62 billion, representing growth of 3% to 5% on an FX-neutral basis, and approximately 4% to 6% on a spot basis. Our pay rates have risen notably in recent quarters due to contributions and payments in advertising.  Although we expect advertising to continue growing faster than volume, we expect the impact from payments on our tight rates and moderate as we're nearing completion of our managed payments transition. We are raising our 2021 full-year outlook for payments revenue for 1.8 [Indiscernible].  Revenue guidance implies GMV is down low teens on an FX-neutral basis versus last year. And at mid to high single-digits compared to Q4 of 2019 focus categories. Our outlook also assumes minimal benefits from macro factors like mobility stimulus and supply chain impacts. However, we know the macro environment remains dynamic and difficult to predict with varied impacts from country to country.  We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.97 to $1.01 per share in Q4, represents the 14% to 19% year-over-year. We're investing in positive technology to deliver better tax [Indiscernible] appearances and improve customer satisfaction. We anticipate our non-GAAP tax rate to between 18% and 19% due to recent outperformance of our U.S. business. We expect our GAAP EPS in the range of $0.72 to $0.76 per share in Q4.  In closing, we delivered strong results in Q3, the maximum exceeded expectations across all key metrics. We continue to execute our strategic vision and grow our core marketplace while maintaining the balance and discipline that will enable us to generate tremendous value for our shareholders for years to come.  Managed payments are on track to deliver $2 billion in revenue this year. And that transition is on track for completion by year-end. However, we believe our tightness journey is just beginning. This milestone unlocks new opportunities to reduce friction in the marketplace and provide additional financial services.  Advertising revenue continues to outpace volume, sell as increasingly leverage our expanded product portfolio to amplify the exposure of [Indiscernible] We observed impressive momentum with our focus categories, which are meaningfully out pricing overall volume [Indiscernible] We're confident we can continue expanding this innovation playbook to more categories and countries in the quarters ahead. Our balance approach to capital allocation has enabled us to reinvest in our business, generate consistently strong free cash flow, and deliver attractive returns to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.  As proud as I am about numerous business accomplishments, what makes them even more impactful to me, is knowing we're achieving these milestones while building sustainable, inclusive, and secular economy platform for all.  Once again, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our teams across eBay for their incredible work as the last quarter and the support for our amazing sellers and buyers in the eBay community. One final note, we are in the midst of a multiyear journey to deliver tech led re-imagination of eBay.  As the impact from macro factors stabilizes, we are reviewing our internal goals for 2022 and beyond. We anticipate showing our longer-term goals and aspirations in investor event early next year. With that, Jamie and I will now take your questions. Operator, over to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. We have our first question coming from the line of Edward Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Edward Yruma: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. And thanks for taking the question. Really wanted to quick down a little bit on some of the categories that you're re-imagining and some of the success you're noting there. Just help us understand maybe the new customers you're growing into the platform.  I know you've identified from dollar amounts, but just to clarify, are those new customers or is that customers that are participating in those categories? And then as a follow-up, what are the marketing plans to encourage new customer growth in these categories that you've re-imagined? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. I'll take that. First on the categories, it really is about both leading into the high-value buyers that are on the platform, as well as attracting new buyers in. If you look at what we're doing in watches and sneakers or -- this quarter we announced what is the cross-category nature of shopping.  So, if we acquire a buyer into a handbag, who buys a handbag over $500, they actually end up spending $5,000 dollars in other categories outside of handbags on the site. So, when we think about acquisition, it's not just acquiring it for that category, it's acquiring it more broadly for eBay. That's one of our significant benefits.  Excited because we've expanded categories this quarter, we brought our sneakers authentication program to Germany. We brought watches to the UK business, and we launched handbags in the U.S. in terms of that product.  From a certified refurbished, we added new brands, [Indiscernible] [Indiscernible] and expanded number of products there, and that's exciting coming into holiday. On your question on marketing, we've really shifted our marketing.  I think traditionally we've been a mostly lower funnel with some broad-based campaigns on upper funnel, really driving into how do we inquire high -- acquire high-value buyers and high-value enthusiast in specific verticals.  So, what that means is a whole lot more of upper funnel marketing partnerships, leaning in with social media influencers in certain categories, and basically going much broader with our marketing plans to find those buyers where they are. And I guess the last thing I'd say is we're really focused on the first 90-day experience on eBay.  Many times, in my career, I've done this where you really get focused on how do you introduce them to the brand, bring them up to life cycle, make sure that they turn into the high-value buyers that we want to do. And that's going to be a continued focus for us over the coming quarters.
Edward Yruma: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We have our next question [Indiscernible].
Colin Sebastian: On the core marketplace improvements. You obviously focused a lot on category specific changes and that's working well. How much effort is there in platform wide enhancements? And if there are any sort of specific initiatives there, what will be the timing for those? And then, Steve, maybe with respect to the Q4 outlook, just looking at the sequential ramp versus typical seasonality, it's certainly a little light of historical patterns.  Even eBay could be a net beneficiary from supply chain issues, I know, like factoring that into the outlook, but maybe some additional color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks for the question, Colin. So, we do talk a lot about the vertical expansion and focus category work that we're doing and we're excited for what's happening there. If you actually step back and look at it, the vast majority of our resources are actually going to site-wide initiatives across the board.  And I'd point to a couple of, one is obviously our ad business, and a lot of investment there across-the-board, especially with the 3 new products that we're at the beginning of launching. Obviously, payments, huge initiative. But other areas that we haven't talked a lot about, like eBay stores.  So, working on a next-gen experience in eBay stores, incorporating videos, so allowing sellers to tell their story from that perspective. But a more CRM tool capability so that sellers can be more involved in how we bring buyers back to the platform and drive that repeat business.  So, the stat I just mentioned earlier about, we launched it 6 months ago, but now sellers are funding the coupons to drive buyers back to the site from past buyers or interested buyers. And that's a huge benefit for sellers and a huge benefit for eBay because we're involving them and driving them, and already 2.5 million buyers have used that in that time period.  And so, we're also testing a new selling experience. You -- if you're on the site, you'll see that there's a beta out there of a new way to sell. So most of the -- the vast majority investments are going to horizontal. But what I like is it's a compliment.  Because some of those horizontal lean into some of the vertical work that we're doing in the vertical work and focus categories. Some of the things that we're building for a given category, we're able to use in a number of categories across the site. The 2 also play together well. Steve I'll let you take the second part of the question.
Steve Priest: Yeah thank you Jamie. Hi, Colin. Continue to lie out. We will not only move the focus categories but also the momentum alliance. So, payments and ounces have gone forward. On a year over 2 bases, if you think about on a standby year-over-year we're obviously lapping a pandemic. On a year over 2 bases, we're seeing mid-to-high single-digit growth compared to Q4, 2019. I think as a [Indiscernible]  First of all, a holiday perspective around Q4 is embedded in the guide. From a headwind perspective, in the prepared comments we had, we talked about supply chain pressure for cross-border trade that we see on one side, but in terms of a tailwind, obviously, eBay is well known for unique and scarce items, which we do expect some support to the holiday periods.  So, a few puts and takes, but overall, I'm pleased with the label be continued modestly positive to underlying growth on the platform as a result of the initiatives that we're driving forward.
Colin Sebastian: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question coming from the line of Q - Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great, thanks for taking the question just 2 quick ones. First, can you elaborate on the new Promoted Listings offerings? I mean, should we expect these offerings to drive adoption among a broader range of sellers? And maybe related to that, can you provide an update on why you [Indiscernible] question, I realize this might be a little bit [Indiscernible] for next year.  [Indiscernible] feels like you have plenty of capacity [Indiscernible] you're thinking about to do it in a more programmatic way after the 7 billion this year. Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. On the new Promoted Listings offerings, let me just explain the 3 in details. The first one which is Express, is really to give us a Promoted Listings product against auctions. Since we launched this product 5 years ago, it's really only applied to fixed price. And so, this opens up your wallet smaller format at the site of format that has not been open to advertising before.  Promoted Listings Express is a C2C -based product. Gives sellers the opportunity to drive more velocity, goes after a different type of marketing budget for that perspective and given us the opportunity to work with a secondary and supplementary advertising format.  And the third is off eBay advertising, and that's using the vast marketing reach that eBay does today, partnering with our sellers to drive advertising as part of that off eBay outreach to bring existing buyers and new buyers back to the platform.  I will say for you is that it's early days on these 3 products. If you look back, we started our ad business 5 years ago and we've grown to a billion dollars now over 5 years. So, we're at the point now where we're testing, we're learning.  We've got invited sellers into the program. And just like it took us time to build up the CPA based program, I think it will take us time here to build up the advertising program. In terms of penetration, we still have a lot of opportunity left, both in terms of the sellers and Listings.  I believe the last that we shared was that only 400 million of the Listings have advertising associated with them. So, there's a lot of opportunity for additional penetration. I'll let Steve take the second question about how we're thinking about the future.
Steve Priest: I'll take that. I'm not going at that myself for 2022. We haven't what the guidance out there, but I'll give us a little bit of color in terms of where we are. As we've previously said, reinvestments in the business is our first priority, whether that's Farrell Boto partner, but having said that, beyond that any excess cash that we do have continues to drive returns.  We'll continue with a disciplined return of capital to shareholders. And this is not any different in the past. We had a strong and consistent history. I've actually noticed some capital returns, and in 2021 must be no exception. So, think about us going from 2 billion at the start of the year, lifting up to 5 billion, and most recently on this call, we're talking about $7 billion.  I think when I stand back and think about eBay as a whole, the balance that we have and the benefits for the franchise, is we often have the ability to do both, in terms of reinvesting the business and the and capital we bought.
Deepak Mathivanan: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Ross Sandler with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Hey, guys. 2 questions. One on just U.S. versus international. So, it seems like a big reason why your U.S. GMV is way above 3Q '19, I think you said it was about 23 or something like that, compared to international is a little bit on the IST comp, but also from these focus category initiatives. So, what's holding back the same type of uptick for international? Is it structural or is it just a timing thing, and we should see a ramp up after you roll those out after starting in the U.S.  And then the second question is on how will eBay Motors these days are not a big category historically, and just can you talk about a little bit about the opportunity there in terms of making that one focus category emerging departs with the motors?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Let me start with U.S. versus international. First off, let me say, I'm really pleased with the momentum we're seeing in the overall business. We're growing at 9% year-over-two-year basis, based on the strategic vision we impacted by mobility returning to really pre-COVID levels, coupled with an unprecedented in snapback in travel and leisure activities in Europe. In addition, as Steve mentioned a little bit earlier, our international cross-port trade.  Trade sellers were also pressured by supply chain disruptions that tends to be more in our international segment from across border perspective than in our U.S. segment. On the other hand, in the U.S., we've seen strong growth driven by momentum in our core business. To your question on the focus categories, it's not a structural change. We actually think the work we're doing applies across the whole globe, it's really a timing thing.  In most of these areas, we actually roll them out in the U.S., get them perfected here and then expand them internationally. For example, Sneakers is just now launching this quarter in Germany, we launched watches in the U.S. We just started that expansion in the UK this quarter, handbags we just launched in the U.S. and that hasn't expanded yet.  So, it's really a timing thing, but we think the playbook that we have is relevant in every single market that we have. Probably with the exception of trading cards and collectibles. That's just so much stronger in the U.S. than it is internationally, but that's a huge U.S. benefit and a lot of the pieces that we're doing there are our key focus for that.  But overall, feel great about the health of the business and our ability to expand those focus categories internationally. On your second question on P&A, we haven't disclosed the size of the business, but I will say that if you just step back and look at the market, we're in a leading position in P&A, especially in UK and in Germany.  It's a very strong category and a very strong franchise there. It's the key part of our path that we talked about last quarter, of going from 10% of the site to 20% of the site. It's a strong category for eBay because of the vastness of parts and accessories that we have.  We actually do a fairly good job with fitment. I talked last quarter about my garage feature and how we've expanded that internationally, which helps with fitment. We also recently announced a motorcycle parts finder in that business.  And it tends to help and be benefit also from a cross-border trade. To give you a sense of scale, we've got hundreds of millions of listings in our parts business. And what I'm excited by is one of the first evolutions that we did was take all of that inventory and make it available on our motors app, which is a dedicated separate app for vehicle enthusiasts.  And now you've got vehicles and parts and accessories in a One Stop Shop from that perspective. So, you'll continue to hear further updates from us about that category. It's our next big category focus and one where we're coming into it from a position of strength.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question coming from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. To on payments, you've removed a lot of the friction already. Now that you have 90 plus percent of sellers can migrate on to managed payments. Just what's next in terms of improving the experience going forward? And then just curious if you have any preliminary thoughts on some of the managed payments numbers in '22 in terms of revenue and operating income. Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. First on the friction, the whole idea of bringing commerce and payments together gives us great opportunities to remove friction. So, on the selling side, people now only have to set up for single account and get selling.  All of their claims are managed in one place. Tons of benefits from there. One of the ones that I'm really excited by is that since I worked at eBay, the last time starting in 2001, unpaid items have been on this platform forever.  And so now, we've eliminated it and fixed-price virtually. We're doing so in best offer. And so, sellers won't have to face that issue, and it takes friction out of the platform. On the buy-side, it allows us to open up new opportunities for different forms of payments.  Clearly, we've already integrated Apple Pay and Google Pay, but we launched the partnership with After pay in our Australia business for buy now, pay later. After pay is a very strong brand in that market. And that's bringing us new customers. It's already at 10% of our business there. And we're continuing to look at new opportunities for forms of payment for our buyers.  Secondarily is on the seller financing -- payments through the business. So, like I said in the call, the way I look at it, the migration is complete, but we're just getting started in terms of the opportunity of what we can do with commerce and payments together in a single flow -- in a single experience.
Steve Priest: Hi, Doug. With regards to your question on payments rollout 2022, too early to talk about 2022. We're not taking drive that at this point, but I did want to read, that's why I had delighted we are with the progress we've made with over 90% of the platform volume, with over 18 million sellers joint to the platform now.  We laid out some goals, joining back a couple of years with regards to $2 billion of incremental revenue and $500 million of ROI. We're well on track. Margin is in line. So, we're very, very happy with where we are.
Doug Anmuth: Great. Thank you both.
Steve Priest: Thank you, sir.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Because a couple of quick questions. Any impact on auction bid density from the loss of low-quality buyers? Or any impacts that we have on the marketplace beyond that just percentage of GMV? And then you recently, during the summer, started showing buyers all shipping services offered by sellers, allows them to select carriers and shipping costs, and estimated deliveries. It's still early days, but can you talk about what impact that's having, if any, on conversion rates?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. On the first question, on auction by density, no, we're not seeing an impact from that. Frankly, that format has actually been really strong because of the strength we're seeing collectibles where it tends to be a more used format.  And I'm excited that we are starting to launch Express because that will give our auction sellers the ability to drive some more visibility for them and then to have a tool that they haven't been able to use before. In terms of the shipping services, this has been a constant march for us.  Last year, we expanded in the U.S. to have USPS, UPS and FedEx in there and did the same thing with Royal Mail and Australia Post to greatly exceed the amount of tracking. On the specific shipping test that's going on, now, it's kind of too early to tell. What I would say in general is how to think about this, Brian, is I'm trying to get the whole Company focused on how do we make things as simple and as easy to do on the platform.  So, what we're doing with our new seller flows, with computer vision and trading cards is how do we take all of the work out of the listing process. We're trying to do the same type of thing with our sellers and the stores product and making it really easy to get that setup on the platform. Shipping is one of those areas where there's an opportunity to take a lot of the friction out.  The new partnerships that we've created, the integrated tracking, the smoother returns process is all part of this evolution of just make the whole platform so much easier to use. And so, we'll keep you posted on how these tests roll out, but I'm happy with the progress so far.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, Jamie. I appreciate it.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Tom Champion with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Tom Champion : Good afternoon. And thanks very much. Jamie, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit of about [Indiscernible] hopefully, I'm pronouncing it right. It looks like you made an investment, but seems like kind of a B2B or commercial products.  How does this fit strategically? And then I noticed the C2C GMV was down 13%. I think that was a little below GMV overall, this usually outperforms and just curious what might have driven the result there.  And Steve maybe just a quick one for you. Buybacks to 7 billion, looks like 3 billion in repurchases this quarter, increase from 5 billion in repurchases last quarter. I'm just curious if the increase in the buyback reflects greater confidence in the fundamentals. Any thoughts on that would be helpful. Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. On the first one, look, I've been talking since last July about the game changing level of trust on the platform. And we've been doing that kind of category by category. So, the authentication that we've been doing in the luxury categories really takes trust off the table.  These 2-year warranties that we put in place for certified refurbished does the same thing. And eBay actually has a good size business and industrial business in capital equipment, and [Indiscernible] allows us to put a whole different level of trust in there.  They're a long-time seller in partner on eBay and the capabilities that they will bring to that category will help bring a new level of trust and just help buyers and sellers in that category move forward. So that's what I would say I'm going to do. On the C2C, it's really just a lapping of the COVID dynamics that we saw from last year, in terms of time period and just some of the macro dynamics.  What I'd tell you is I'm really happy with the progress and continue to be a huge focus for us is on our C2C selling experience, bringing them onto the platform making it as extremely easy, making that payment sign-up process really, really simple.  And so that's going to continue to be something that we're going to focus on quarter-after-quarter because as I mentioned in the past, we -- when we talk about high-value buyers, that includes buyers themselves.  By nature, it helps drive them up their buyer cohort curves as well as bringing that unique inventory. So, we're going to continue to push forward there. And then Steve, do you want to take the last one?
Steve Priest: Yeah, thanks Jamie. Tom, I think it's been interesting thing the coming about 4 months now and I think the one thing I would say is just what's rated strengthening the durability of the financial model, with best-in-class margins, really significant value with the ongoing platform and that [Indiscernible] Balance Sheet.  If you take that and you pair it with the structure that Jamie is laid out, and the momentum that we're going forward with, I think anybody franchise translates pretty misunderstood. One of the things that we need to do about a job is just really ensuring that the investor community understand a little better Again, your points is well made.  The momentum is shown on the buyback and capital allocation as we progress through 2021, from the 2 billion to the 5 billion and at the 7 billion is really a source of reflection of that in terms of our thought process around balanced and disciplined capital allocation, and getting that balance right between reinvestment in the business, just the right growth, and providing the very best returns to our shareholders.
Tom Champion : Thank you.
Operator: We have our next question coming from the line of Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you so much. So, Jamie, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about what sounded like a 3D modeling technology. You're using in the sneakers category. So how easy or difficult is this to do and presumably, and hopefully, this is driving higher conversion rates were this is rolled out as you're presenting more information to the buyers, Apache might be rolled out to. And I guess as a follow-up to the earlier C2C question, as you get more and more buyers to become sellers over time, are you seeing pretty consistent behavior with the newest batch of converted users versus the earlier cohorts. Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. On your first question, it's a very early test in pilot that we're doing. But the idea is we want buyers to be able to see in real detail, the actual item that they're going to be buying. So, you're going to see us launching a couple of sneakers in the coming weeks using this. It's a very early pilot that we're doing with Select Sellers.  But it's all about building trust on the platform. I bought a $4 thousand OBO on the platform last year and it was great. I can see a lot of images, but the opportunity to really get in there in 3D and then see what a [Indiscernible] product looks like is an interesting opportunity. So, like I said, it's very real, you will start to see some products that we had.  I'm using that technology, but I'm -- what I'm excited by is, like the innovation in computer vision, we're using our AI resources and computer vision resources here to do some interesting things that over time, I think will really change the buying experience on eBay. To your question on C2C, it looks pretty consistent in terms of them coming on to the platform continuing to list, and then turning into buyers. You know what I'd say is -- the other thing is that a lot of our business sellers actually started out as C2C sellers.  So, it's another reason we lean in there. I was visiting with a seller years ago. He had an extra set of tires, sold them on eBay, and then just started selling a couple of more things in tires and [Indiscernible] that's helped a lot of our B2C sellers actually get their start on the platform.
Joe Billante: Operator, I think we've got time for one more.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question coming from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Solomon: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for slipping me in. First Jamie, can you just expand a little bit on the affiliate program that you cited is one of the 3 new initiatives for Promoted Listings the opportunity to take it off platform, what are you hoping -- what probably hoping to sell for your sellers with that? And if you could add some color on how significant you think that opportunity could be relative to the 1 billion run rate that you're approaching for the onsite Promoted Listings business.  And then just second [Indiscernible], will you go to exit [Indiscernible] you expect the metric to remain under pressure? And the strategy certainly seem sound, but is your goal here to ultimately exit all of those low value buyers? I'm just hoping you can add some context to the scope of the strategy. Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. On the first one, the off eBay advertising product, let me separate that from the affiliate advertising we do [Indiscernible] -- form and be an affiliate. But the 2 definitely work hand-in-hand together. The whole vision there is really connecting enthusiasts to sellers.  So being out on the platforms where those enthusiasts star and letting our sellers partake in that advertising type thing by putting really interesting items in front of those enthusiasts of driving that marketing, because eBay has been doing this marketing. And when we do it in cooperation with our sellers it gives us a really broad reach.  For sellers It gives them another tool as well, to take all the great inventory that they have on eBay and put it out in front of sellers. And various communities, to really drive that traffic to their business on eBay. I'll let Steve take the second one and maybe I'll maybe I'll add on a bit
Steve Priest: Hi Dough (ph.), you know, it's not -- it's not about -- I think it's about focus. And I think we're constantly thinking about acquisition of buyers and growth on the platform. And really, it is about really changing our strategy and our focus.  And I just want to reiterate about the value of various buyers bring. So, if I think about our top 20 high-value buyers, or 20% of our buyers, and deliver 75% of our GMV. Nice buyers are making 6 different purchases 6 different times a year and over $800 and net buyers itself.  But the low value buyers, it's about 50% of our -- on that strategy as we continue to evolve the platform, focus on the enthusiasts, focus on cost category selling. But it's very, very important that we continue to have a pipeline as we evolve the business in growth going forward.
Jamie Iannone: Actually, it ties in well with your first question, Dan, about the off eBay advertising product is, how do we make sure we're in those places where actually going to apply those high-value enthusiasts.  And putting our -- but much more focus on how we turning buyers in the high-value enthusiasts, and how we're altering our marketing plans so that were out there actually acquiring them onto the platform, because that's what drives the real health of the businesses, is the growth of those high-value buyers and how we're doing in connecting those enthusiasts. So good question because the 2 really tie together.
Dan Solomon: Great. Great. That was very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes the Q&A session for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-11 17:00:00) =====
Joe Billante: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's Earnings Release Conference Call for the second quarter of 2021. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer, and Steve Priest, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Steve's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.eBayInc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance.  You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie's and Steve's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results.  These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form-10-Q, in our Earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of August 11, 2021. And we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today I'll begin the call with key highlights from the second quarter. Then I will share some updates on the progress towards our strategic vision. At the end of my remarks, I will turn the call over to Steve, our new CFO, who will discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. The second quarter of 2021 marked several important milestones in the ongoing transformation of eBay. I want to thank our team for making it happen.  We've accelerated our pace of innovation while executing several complex transactions. Their dedication and focus have created tremendous value for our customers and shareholders. Let me start with a few of our portfolio enhancements. We completed the transition of eBay's classified business to Adevinta. This deal was originally valued at approximately $9.2 billion, but closing in June had appreciated to 13.3 billion.  Shortly after closing, we announced the deal with [Indiscernible] to sell approximately 135 million of our [Indiscernible] shares for over $2.4 billion. This agreement fulfills regulatory commitments while returning value to eBay shareholders. We also increased our share buyback plan for the year from $2 billion to $5 billion. In June, we announced the sale of over 80% of our Korean business to Emart for approximately $3 billion, bringing together two meeting e-commerce and retail companies that can unlock significant potential in Korea.  We anticipate the deal will close either later this year or in early 2022. These portfolio changes allow us to intensify our focus on the core eBay business moving forward. When I spoke to you last July, I outlined a renewed vision and strategic plan for the Company. We set out on a multi-year journey to become the best global marketplace for sellers and buyers through a tech lead reimagination. Our priorities were to grow the core, become the platform of choice for sellers, and cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with buyers by turning them into enthusiasts. To date, our progress is very encouraging, our underlying growth is positive, and the strategy is working.  Q2 results were strong and all key business metrics met or exceeded expectations. Revenue grew 11% driven by an acceleration in the payments' migration and advertising growth. We funded incremental investments in product development while delivering $0.99 of non-GAAP EPS above the high end of our range. As expected, GMV declined 11% compared to last year when results were heavily impacted by the initial pandemic lockdown. Importantly, compared to prepare endemic levels two years ago, we're seeing positive underlying GMV growth. Our customer metrics remain healthy on both sides of our marketplace. Active sellers grew 5% to 19 million globally.  As more small businesses and consumers continue to turn to eBay's global platform to reach millions of potential customers from around the world. This quarter, global active buyers totaled 159 million, down 2% versus last year, and up 3% versus 2019. We have been focused on building lifelong trusted relationships with enthusiast buyers. Changes in our marketing mix and product investments have been focused on attracting and retaining these enthusiasts, particularly, Gen Z and millennials. In parallel, we have discontinued legacy tactics that led to low-value infrequent or one-and-done buyers. Our buyer base is starting to evolve based on this strategy.  These high-value buyers are growing compared to a year ago, and their spend on eBay is growing even faster. This higher-quality mix of buyers increases value for sellers and will lead to improved health of our ecosystem over the long term. Moving on from buyer trends, the payments and advertising initiatives continue to deliver a simpler product experience, and meaningful benefits for sellers, buyers, and shareholders. Managed payments are now live in every market globally, and the transition is progressing faster than expected. During the second quarter, we processed 71% of on-platform volume through managed payments.  We exited Q2 at a run rate of over 80% and are on track to process over 90% this quarter. Managing the payments experience ourselves enabled us to eliminate a pain point that seller occasionally faced on eBay, unpaid items. Changes to checkout have been made to address this issue, and today, 99% of fixed-price transactions are paid upfront. We have also started to address this issue for best offers and auctions by asking buyers to provide a payment method in order to bid. This is a significant win for sellers as it frees up inventory and reduces their post-transaction costs. Our advertising business continues to perform well.  In Q2, ad revenue outpaced volume driven by [Indiscernible] listings, which delivered almost $224 million up 8%, more than 1.4 million sellers promoted over 430 million listings during the quarter. Growth was driven by higher adoption and technology improvements that increase conversion. We see tremendous growth opportunities in advertising, both from our existing promoted listings offerings and from new product innovations. Following a number of successful trials in Q2, we are scaling several new products globally over the next few months.  Previously, sellers could only promote fixed-priced listings, but now they can increase visibility for a flat fee on auctions to increase conversion. In June, we also introduced a Cost per Click ad product to sellers in our major markets. Initial results from the first 100,000 listings showed that sellers' return on ad spends with higher than industry benchmarks. We're placing more AI-powered recommendations for pricing and keyword bidding into the Seller Hub to help sellers drive predictable volume. Finally, we are beginning to syndicate ads off eBay's platform to drive more buyers to listings.  Importantly, sellers maintain control of pricing invisibility while benefiting from the scaled marketing capabilities of eBay. In addition to advertising and payments, we are driving a number of other site-wide initiatives. For consumer sellers, we're simplifying the selling process with a heavy focus on mobile. This includes easier label printing solutions in the app and faster listing through image or barcode scans. In trading cards, where we first launched image-based listing, sellers [Indiscernible] are able to match scans over 80% of the time. The time it takes to create a listing has been dramatically reduced and we plan to expand the capability to more product categories later this year. For Small Business sellers, we continue to expand and optimize their eBay toolkit. To help drive repeat businesses from enthusiasts to eBay stores, we built a CRM tool that enables sellers to fund and distribute their own coupons. Since launching a few months ago, over 1 million buyers have purchased items through these targeted campaigns. As you've heard me say in the past, we are focused on a number of categories where we are well-positioned to serve both sellers and buyers. These categories are growing significantly faster than the overall business, and I'm delighted with the progress our team is making.  Our innovation playbook has included increasing customer satisfaction, improving trust, growing supply, and marketing to enthusiasts. As we exited Q2, we have applied this playbook to approximately 10% of our volume across our top 3 markets. With our current plan and ongoing momentum, we expect to expand coverage to approximately 20% by the end of the year. One of these categories is trading cards. In North America, we continue to see substantial growth with approximately $2 billion of GMV in the first half of the year, equal to all of 2020.  Despite these strong results, we see additional untapped potential in the market that we plan to capture with further innovation. We recently launched a price guide and collection tools aimed at trading card enthusiasts. These new features leverage unparalleled inventory and pricing data, allowing customers to view, manage, and track the value of their collections in real-time. As a leader in trading cards with 25 years of transactional data, no one is better positioned to estimate the value of every card ever sold.  In addition, the collection tool seamlessly tracks all eBay activity and offline inventory in one place. This makes it easy for enthusiasts to assess opportunities, quickly trade, and increase the value of their collections. Sneakers and watches continue to outgrow our overall marketplace. Since launching one year ago, we have authenticated nearly 1 million items, enabling a game-changing level of trust. Both categories are seeing close to 90% customer satisfaction rates on authenticated transactions. Our sneakers business saw strong double-digit growth, despite tougher comps from a year ago.  And based on the success, we have expanded sneaker authentication to the U.K., Canada, and Australia. Luxury watches are also sustaining double-digit growth, improved by our trust is leading to strong cross-category shopping behavior similar to what we have seen in sneakers. In fact, luxury watch buyers spend $8,000 on more than 50 items in other categories, well above the average eBay buyer. The next luxury category we were focused on is handbags. We plan to leverage a similar playbook from watches and sneakers to deliver a higher NPS for buyers and sellers.  We have started in the U.S., by authenticating handbags over $500 from major brands. Refurbished electronics continues to be another area of growth across our largest markets. Our certified refurbished experience is strengthening relationships with best-in-class brands by opening new sales channels. We recently welcomed Samsung Galaxy to the program, providing eBay buyers access to exclusive like new products, at exceptional prices. Vehicles, parts, and accessories have historically been one of the strongest performing categories on eBay and remain so today.  Our platform offers a wide inventory selection supported by a robust catalog. The fitment shopping experience matches car parts to vehicles to help buyers shop efficiently and confidently. In Q2, we expanded this capability by enabling a motorcycle parts finder in Germany and the U.K. We also expanded my garage feature, which allows buyers to store their vehicle data, leading to a more tailored shopping experience in Canada, Italy, France, and Spain. We plan to launch more technology-driven innovations in this category later this year to further build on our success.  Taking a step back, eBay exists to create economic opportunity for all, that purpose guides our approach to our customers, our communities, and our team at eBay. This year, our leadership team's individual goals focused on accelerating meaningful change in diversity, equity, and inclusion throughout every level of our Company. We formed an ESG Council composed of senior leaders across the Company whose role is to guide and ensure the success of sustainability initiatives. During the quarter, we published our 5th annual impact report and 3rd annual diversity, equity, and inclusion report, detailing the progress we made in the past year, as well as outlining our 2025 goals.  The full list of activities is extensive, but I would like to share a few highlights. We made progress on our journey to be more diverse, equitable, and inclusive. Our communities of inclusion have conducted 150 events with more than 10,000 attendees in the past year. We have also continued multi-year efforts to ensure gender pay equity, resulting in 100% pay parity in the U.S. and 99.7% globally. Another priority is managing our environmental impact. Investing in clean energy is a focus for the Company and our goal is to source 100% renewable energy by 2025, we have already reached 74% of our goal through a combination of power purchase agreements and local programs.  Just last week, we announced that we are teaming up with McDonald's in an agreement with light source BP to purchase power from Louisiana's largest solar project. The electricity produced will be greater than the power used at our largest data center. Finally, I would like to call up the incredible generosity of our buyers and sellers. During Q2, customers contributed over $35 million to their favorite course through eBay for charity. This represented a 16% growth versus last year. And the platform is on track to hit the 2025 goal of raising $600 million. These are just a sample of the ongoing ESG related activities and I encourage you to check out more at eBay Inc.com.  Q2 was another step forward in the multi-year transformation of eBay. The business delivered strong results, and it's clear that our strategy is working. Customers are delighted with the innovation in our focus categories, leading to volume growth despite tougher comps from a year ago. We are harnessing the power of next-gen technology to make eBay the seller platform of choice, and to attract lifelong enthusiasts. Our payments transition is nearly complete, delivering benefits to sellers, buyers, and shareholders.  Our advertising product portfolio is expanding, giving sellers more tools to grow their business. And we simplified our portfolio, enabling us to focus on the core while creating significant Shareholder value. Our team continues to be relentlessly focused on executing for our customers. I'm delighted to welcome four new exceptional leaders to our executive team this year. In addition, we have hired critical talent in areas such as technology, AI, analytics, and category management.  The teams in place are well-positioned to propel this business forward. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on our financial performance. Before I do, I want to say how excited I am to have another world-class customer-centric leader on our team to help us realize our vision. Steve, over to you.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie. And thank you all for joining today. I would like to start by saying how excited and honored I am to be at eBay. I would also like to thank Andy for his leadership and guidance during my transition into the role. He has done an excellent job creating value for the Company and leading our finance team over the last couple of years. I'll start on Page 4 of our presentation. We have outlined the impact of moving our Korean business to discontinued operations and our guidance for Q2 Earnings. That's an aggregated level, this would have reduced guidance by approximately 2 points of GMV growth, $400 million of revenue, and $0.02 of EPS.  The Q2 results purely reflect the performance of our continuing marketplace business. On July 13th, we published a Form 8-K that includes the [Indiscernible] historical financial statements back to the start of 2019. These figures provide an apples-to-apples comparison versus our actual results. Excluding Korea, the implied Q2 guidance was between $2.58 billion and $2.63 billion of revenue growing 8 to 10% on an organic FX-neutral basis. Non-GAAP EPS was between $0.89 and $0.94 per share, representing a decrease of 5 to 10% year-over-year. Turning to our highlights from the quarter on Slide 5, despite lapping an exceptional quarter last year, we delivered strong operational results.  Revenue grew double-digits, driven by payments and ads. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.99 per share. and our operating margin was 33%. We generated $910 million of free cash flow while returning $1.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends. We generated significant value from our Portfolio as we work to transform eBay. We announced the agreement to sell about 80% of our Korean business to Emart for approximately $3 billion. We completed the classified transaction for a total value of $13.3 billion, including 2.5 billion in cash, and a 44% stake in Adevinta.  We then reached an agreement to sell a quarter of that stake to Permira for over $2.4 billion in cash. Finally, we increased our estimated 2021 share buyback to $5 billion from an initial 2 billion. Moving to the active part on Slide 6, we exited the quarter with 159 million buyers representing a 2% decrease year-over-year on a trailing 12-month basis. At the beginning of the pandemic in Q2 last year, we added more than 7 million buyers, our largest quarterly increase over. The [Indiscernible] buyers have matured in line with historical trends.  We are also seeing a reduction in the bias of life-priced items due to Chinese in our marketing mix. As Jamie mentioned, our strategy to attract new-time buyers has changed over the past several quarters. We've intentionally focused our marketing and product innovation on high-value buyers. These include buyers who sell or [Indiscernible], at least six days a year and spend over $800. This high-value segment represents approximately 20% of our buyer base, and they purchase around 75% of our GMV. High-value buyers grew in Q2, as did the spend per buyer. Low-value bars on eBay like approximately half of our buyer base but the only purchase, about 5% of our GMV.  As we drive the strategy, we expect to see a further drop in active buyers on a rolling 12-month basis. But an increase in GMV per buyer over the coming quarters. Moving to Slide 7, in Q2 we delivered $22.1 billion of GMV, down 11% year-over-year. On a spot basis, this represents a decrease of 7% year-over-year. Compared with Q2 of 2019, GMV grew 19% on an FX-neutral basis, and 23% on a spot basis. There were several factors that contributed to the Q2 GMV dynamic. First, we lapped the peak of the early impacts of the pandemic, including the first wave of my ability restrictions, stimulus payments, and supply chain disruptions. Second, there was a meaningful ongoing macro benefit from global mobility, although it was significantly less at the end of the quarter than at the beginning of Q2.  Our underlying business continued to show positive growth from site-wide product experience improvements and category performance. In the U.S. we generated approximately $10 billion of GMV in Q2, down 5% year-over-year. International GMV decreased 16% year-over-year to $12.1 billion. Our U.S. volume [Indiscernible] paced International primarily due to strength in trading cards, as well as benefits from government stimulus earlier in the quarter. Turning to Revenue on Slide 8, our net revenue for the quarter was $2.7 billion, up 11% on an FX-neutral basis and up 14% on a spot basis. We delivered $2.5 billion of transaction revenue up 11% year-over-year, mainly driven by payments.  We continue to make great progress on seller migration. As Jamie mentioned, 71% of our global OEM platform volume was processed through managed payments during the quarter, which contributed approximately 18 points of incremental revenue growth year-over-year. The success of the payments ramp also drives the quarterly acceleration of 80 basis points to our transaction take rate, which is 11.3% for the quarter. We expect its rate to continue to grow throughout 2021 as we complete the payments rollout. We delivered $172 million of marketing services and other revenue up 11% year-over-year, driven by strength in shipping programs.  While we continue to purposely reduce third-party advertising, the drug on total [Indiscernible] growth rate was less due to easier comps from a year ago. Turning to Slide 9, our major cost drivers. In Q2, we delivered a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 33%. this represents a 6-point year-over-year decrease, driven primarily by lower volume. The cost of revenue has increased in line with payments growth due to processing costs. While these variable costs will increase as payments revenue grows, the incremental revenue provides leverage for our fixed expenses.  Most notably sales and marketing, and G&A. Product development costs increased year-over-year as we continue to invest in product innovation, supporting our strategic initiatives. Transaction losses were flat versus the prior year. As the benefits of netting seller fees against our net proceeds were offset by higher customer protection losses. Turning to EPS on slide 10, we delivered $0.99 of non-GAAP EPS in the second quarter, flat versus the prior year. Negative impacts from lapping COVID - driven volumes were offset by strategic initiatives, particularly payments, as well as a lower share count related to sharing repurchase.  GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.43, a decrease of 56% year-over-year. We elected the fair value accounting method for our investments in [Indiscernible]. The change in stock price between the close of the sale on June 24th, and the quarter-end on June 30th, drive a majority of the GAAP EPS to decrease. In addition, while we recognized further guidance on the Adyen launch in Q2, we're lapping significant guidance in the [Indiscernible] year. Moving to slide 11, we saw another strong quarter of cash generation with $910 million of free cash flow. The 7% year-over-year growth was driven by strong operational results, payments, and improvements in working capital.  This is partly offset by higher cash taxes. Turning to slide 12, we ended the quarter with cash [Indiscernible] investments of $7.6 billion and debt of $9.1 billion. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we completed the [Indiscernible] of our classified business to Adevinta during the quarter, generating cash proceeds of $2.5 billion. We expect to pay cash taxes associated with the sale of approximately $400 million in the third quarter. As a result of our strong underlying free cash flow performance, and the prices from this transaction, we updated our capital allocation plans for 2021 by increasing the estimated share buyback to $5 billion. In Q2, we returned $1.6 billion to our shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends.  We repurchased approximately 24 million shares at an average price of $62.60 per share, amounting to 1.5 billion, and paid a dividend of $121 million. We exited the quarter with $4.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Our Board has approved an additional share repurchase authorization of $3 billion with no expiry, raising the total to approximately $7.3 billion. Finally, we issued $2.5 billion of senior unsecured notes during the quarter, part of which will be used to repay our 2022 debt maturities. Moving to investments on Slide 13 on June 24th, we closed the classified sale and recorded investments on our balance sheet of $10.8 billion to reflect the 540 million shares we received as consideration.  The value of this stake stood at $10.4 billion at quarter-end. By some other venture stock price. Between the announcements of the deal last July and the close of the transaction this June, the value of our equity stake appreciated 61%. As a regulatory condition of the classified sale, we agreed to reduce our ownership stake in another vantage of 33% or less over the 18 months following the close of the deal. We recently announced an agreement with Permira to sell approximately 135 million shares for more than $2.4 billion.  This will reduce our ownership stake to 33%. We expect this transaction to close in the fourth quarter. Turning to Adyen, the ones we acquired in the second quarter of 2018, are valued at $1.1 billion at the end of the second quarter. an increase of over $500 million year-over-year. You'll find more information on the [Indiscernible] in our [Indiscernible]. We also want to highlight [Indiscernible] at the end of the second quarter, our investment was worth approximately $300 million. On August the 6th, they completed their IPO, which increased the value of our stake to over 900 million. Finally, on June 24th, we announced plans to sell about 80% of our Korean business to Emart.  We will retain an interest of less than 20% to the implied value of our interest was approximately $800 million at the time of the announcement. We remain excited about all these investments. The optionality they provide, and the significant value they generate for each of our shareholders. Turning to guidance on Slide 14, for Q3, we are projecting revenue between $2.42 billion and $2.47 billion, growing 6% to 8% on an organic FX-neutral basis, and approximately 7% to 9% on a spot basis. We anticipate payments and advertising, we'll continue to drive revenue to grow faster than volume, leading to type rate expansion.  This revenue guidance implies GMV is down low-to-mid teens on an FX-neutral basis versus last year and up high single-digits compared to 2019. On a spot basis, today's rates would indicate a 2-point benefit versus FX-neutral growth rates in Q3. This is 2 points lower than the 4-point benefit we saw in Q2 GMV. We are [Indiscernible] that macro benefits, including stimulus and my ability, will be significantly less in Q3 than Q2. We also expect our efforts to improve the business will continue to enable modestly positive underlying growth. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.86 to $0.90 per share, representing 4% to 9% growth. Year-over-year, we plan to continue investing in products and technology to deliver better [Indiscernible] experiences while improving marketing efficiencies.  We are expecting GAAP EPS in the range of 64 to $0.68 per share in Q3. Looking at the full year, the macro environment remains dynamic and difficult to predict. And we are not providing full-year guidance at this time. However, there are variables within our control that we're sharing in this context. Given the accelerated pace of the transition of the payments, we are raising our full-year forecast for payments revenue from $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. Payments' margin contribution continues to ramp towards our long-term target of 25%. The total operating margin for the business was expected to land at approximately 33%, which would be close to 150 basis points, better than 2019.  As I mentioned before, we expect to repurchase shares totaling $5 billion in 2021 at this time, which implies an additional $3.2 billion in the second half. In conclusion, during the quarter we delivered strong short-term results ahead of expectations while transforming the Company for the longer term. We are excited about the path forward on the growth potential of eBay. Innovation is leading to volume growth and our focus categories, despite tougher comps from a year ago. Our payments and advertising initiatives are driving better customer experience, resulting in incremental revenue and earnings growth.  Our balanced approach to cost management allows us to reinvest in our customers while delivering high margins with low capital intensity. We continue to deliver strong free cash flow and return value to our shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. Our portfolio simplification has created over $20 billion of shareholder value, allowing us to intensely focus on growing the core.  As a purpose-driven Company, we're enabling economic opportunity for all, while supporting our people, our communities, and our planet. I would like to once more take this opportunity to thank our teams across eBay for their tremendous work at the last quarter and for their support for our buyers and sellers in the eBay community. We will now take your questions. Operator.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] [Operator Instructions] Please, standby while we compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is from Tom Champion with Piper Sandler.
Tom Champion: Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking the question, Jamie, I'm wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on your buyer strategy. It sounds like we should expect that maybe that metric is under pressure the next couple of quarters. But what sort of underlies that the strategy around focus, around that, that's 20% of the buyer base.  And I guess relatedly with the portfolio improvements in streamlining the business, does this enhance your ability to execute more rapidly going forward? And maybe just the last one for Steve would love to hear a little bit more about your thought process and what -- what drove you to the business, given it's a little bit different from your prior background. Thanks very much.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first on the buyer strategy, this is something that I laid out last July when we talked about the tech lead reimagination as being focused on turning buyers into lifelong enthusiasts on the platform. And moving away from the tactics that we had in 2019, where it was really just about the number of active buyers, even low-value buyers, or one and done buyers.  I've got the whole organization pivoted to focusing on those high-value buyers, buyers that are buying over $800, buying 6 times a year, or buyers who sell, and so as you think about these buyers, they are so strong at EBITDA. 20% of them, they make up 75% of GMV. and the goal is, how do we turn more buyers into these lifelong enthusiasts? I've met a lot of these buyers, they wake up and they get a cup of coffee, and they turn to eBay and open the eBay app.  And our focus is really not on just the total number, but really focused on how are we driving these buyers to become enthusiasts? The metrics that we show in the Board deck, are [Indiscernible] 12-month metric. So, we're obviously lapping the buyers that we acquired in Q2. But going forward, our focus will really be on these long-term enthusiasts.  So, I'm excited to say that their GMV is growing. They're growing as a population, and more and more, you're going to see us doing things to drive that longevity because we know the things that move buyers up the cohort curve into long-term buyers. On your second question on the portfolio, absolutely. A huge part of the portfolio simplification is about being able to focus on the marketplace, and as Steve talked about, we generated $20 billion in value for shareholders starting with the StubHub transaction. But I think more importantly now, it enables us to focus all of our attention on the Marketplace business. As I've talked about, we see a lot of growth opportunities in that business. The strategy that we have is working. We're in year one of a multi-year re-imagination of eBay.  But if you look at what we talked about a second ago with the 10% now about to reach 20% of categories. It's really working. Customer satisfaction is at 90, it's leading to a very strong GMV. And we see the same potential for this innovation playbook in every category on the site. And Steve, maybe you want to take the last one.
Steve Priest: Thank you, Jamie. And thank you, Tom, for your question. It's good to meet you this afternoon. I suppose, I [Indiscernible] in two areas, I've [Indiscernible] from two Companies, which were leaders in an industry around customer-centricity and innovation.  And coming over to eBay a Company that's got a real sense of purpose. An amazing team and our hearts around customer-centricity and innovation were some of the core facets that I looked at when I came out to eBay. Since I've been here, it's really clear about the sheer size and scale of the enterprise and what opportunities are ahead of us in terms of its growth.  We really do have incredible durability of the financial model with a fortress balance sheet, best-in-class margins, incredible free cash flow. And even after a few weeks, I feel that the value of the enterprise is really misunderstood because of the potential that's ahead of us and the strategy that Jamie's laid out. So, I'm really excited to be here. I think there are huge opportunities for the enterprise and I'm looking for to my journey over here and eBay
Tom Champion: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you so much. So, Jamie, I know this question goes back away in terms of what we could be doing once the managed payments are fully deployed. But now we're pretty much at the goal line here, so there have to be pockets of the global demand base. You otherwise could not cater to before, because you just simply could not take their money.  So, what are the prospects of opening up the buyer acquisition funnel to that audience a bit more in those regions? And I guess on the second point, recently, you've launched the fulfillment service in the U.K. with a partner. So, can you talk about what kind of improvement you think you may see to either conversion rates and the buyer experience as you step up the level of service for the buyers in the country? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks for the question. On the first one we're excited that as we get through managed payments, we announced that next quarter we'll be at 90%, that it opens up even more opportunities for us from a, how do we service our buyers and sellers? So, some examples of things that we've already launched, for example, is we launched a partnership with After pay as an additional form of payment in Australia, allowing people in that market to pay with installments.  It's very strong in Australia, and that's certainly helped us in Australia business. In our U.K. business, we've launched a partnership that allows us to do seller financing and help sellers out there. And we'll continue to expand in different ways throughout the globe on more opportunities around managed payments.  The other big one that I talked about earlier is that now that commerce and payments are one, and we can manage all of that on eBay, there's a lot of friction we can take out of the platform, so unpaid items are a great example where for 25 years since I was here the first time, sellers have had to face items where buyers wouldn't pay. We've now eliminated that in the 99% of options on our way to do that in best price -- I'm sorry, the best offer in auctions. We've eliminated fixed price on our way to do it, is the best offer in auctions.  And two weeks ago, we had eBay open with thousands of sellers online and we announced this. And it was massive rejoicing from them because this has been a key pain point. So, the other thing I'm excited about is just eliminating those pain points. On your question on the fulfillment service, what we saw in the U.S. and especially in our cross-border trade, coming out of Greater China, for example, is the ability to forward-deployed inventory is a benefit because of the predictability that it gives to buyers from that standpoint.  We're using it to help scale small businesses, to drive the ability to have for deployment. And basically, pass those savings onto the customer. So, we're just getting started with that program, but we've learned a lot about cross-border trade and, and we're excited that fulfillment services are going to help scale some of our small businesses and in their cross-border inventory.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael [Indiscernible] with Bank of America.
Michael McGovern: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Two, if I may, the first just on promoted listings, it looked like they were -- so the promoted listings revenue is on change quarter-on-quarter. So, there's a bit of a deceleration.  I was just wondering if there was anything to call out specifically for that in Q2? And then secondly, looking at the decline in sold items, it looks like the sold items were down by more than the GMV was down. And looking back to last year, GMV grew more than sold items last year. So, it looked doesn't look to be driven by comps. So, is there anything to call out for the decline in sold items for Q2 as well? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So, on the first one on Promoted Listings, no, that business is doing well, we frew it 8% in the quarter, despite the volume being down 11. And we actually are starting to scale up a couple of pilots that we launched in Q2. Specifically, ads for auctions, what we're calling Promoted Listings Express, which is a CBC business.  And then -- and off eBay advertising business. So, we continue to see lots of potential in that business, and these 3 areas are just getting started. On the sold items, that's really a reflection of the purposeful decisions that we've made, to one is moving away from low-value items that weren't driving the type of return and low-value buyers specifically, as well as a shift to higher ASP in general because of the strategy to focus categories strategy working.  So, we talked about the strength that we're seeing in trading cards and collectibles. Already having done $2 billion this year, the same as all of last year. Really driving our C2C business, and C2C tends to have a higher ASP. Our higher average selling price than our B2C business. And so that's also driving kind of that dynamic. so, it's actually in line with what -- with where we wanted to be, we think it's healthy for the ecosystem, and we think it's going to continue to be driven that way because C2C, as we look at it, we hope to continue to outpace B2C and lean in on these categories of value, like our luxury goods collectibles, et cetera.
Michael McGovern: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Colin Sebastian with Baird
Colin Sebastian: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome, Steve. I guess jimmy first just wanted to follow up on the buyer strategy. I'm just trying to figure out how we should think about that, ultimately translating into marketplace growth, and is there going to be, for example, an extended period of decay in those fewer active users before the marketplace essentially normalizes, and then you can show growth. And then, secondly, I guess more housekeeping, in terms of, what was behind the acceleration and the move to manage payment stream, Q2? It seems like you may be about a quarter or 2 ahead of plan there, if I have the metrics right Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So, on your first question on the buyer strategy. Yes, we're purposely moving away from low-value buyers who are kind of low CLTV, low GMV per buyer. If you remember back in 2019, we talked about that strategy and because some of these are trailing 12-month metrics, some of those numbers are actually still in our numbers even from 2019. But the reason I'm focused on is if you look at that 50% of buyers, they only contribute 5% of GMV. And the top 20% contribute 75%.  And so, by focusing the organization not on just how many buyers do we have on the platform, but how many of our buyers are we turning into these high-value buyers? We think that's much healthier for the growth of the platform in the long term, much healthier for sellers, et cetera.  Jive's better with the marketing strategies that we're going after while we're really focused on the first 90 days of a customer and getting them up to their lifecycle. So, this is going to be a purposeful strategy you are going to see us on for years, walking away from the work that we did back in 2019, what when you ask about the managed payments, what I'm really happy about is the execution from the team. If you look at when we started, for example, enabling greater China, we got to 90% penetration within 10 weeks.  And so, we took the learnings from what started two years ago with the U.S. and Germany, and we've learned a lot as we've rolled out all of the other countries. And that pace speaks to the -- the pace of execution of the team and what they're doing and another, a lot of questions of what we'd be able to even reach the targets we had for next year originally. And I'm just excited that we're ahead of schedule and we're starting to do things like the After pay and the seller financing because there's just a lot of potential for this business as we fully manage the payments by -- all through eBay.
Colin Sebastian: Okay. Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question is from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Edward Yruma: Hey guys, thanks for taking our questions today, I guess first you guys have made a big push into authentication as part of your focus on some of these vertical enthusiasts communities. And I know -- or we believe that a lot of this is done on an outsource basis, I guess at some point, you need to bring this in-house and kind of how scalable are your current authentication solutions.  And then kind of broadly speaking, it seems like you guys have been fairly innovative with adding more functionality to eBay stores. What is the uptake been of the subscription product and kind of what does the product roadmap look like from here? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first on your question on authentication. Look, we're really excited at how we've been able to scale this program. We've now authenticated 1 million items on the platform. We've expanded that authentication too, for sneakers to U.K., Australia, and Canada. This quarter we announced that we're authenticating handbags over $500 in the U.S. And we're using a mixture of third-party and in-house resources to do so.  But what we're seeing is that this authentication has a great ROI. What it's able to do in terms of driving GMV, driving new buyers into the site. I will just give you -- I'll reiterate the stat we talked about last quarter in sneakers, which is acquiring a Gen Z, they buy $500 in sneakers, but they buy $2,000 in other categories on the site. We're seeing the same thing in watches, where a luxury watch buyer is buying $8,000 in categories outside of watches, and that's over 50 items.  And that's one of the benefits of eBay, is that cross-category shopping nature, and that's really hard for other competitors to replicate. On eBay stores, we talked about being the seller platform of choice and a big part of that is our strategy of really growing eBay stores. This quarter we announced a new program where it's much simpler to set up your eBay store. And I'm really excited by one of the features the team now -- announced, which was the ability for a seller to send coupons to repeat buyers. So, this is something that sellers have been asking for.  We built it in as part of the store's platform. And in just a few short months since launch, that product already has 1 million buyers taking advantage of those coupons from sellers. So, another thing that -- as we had our big eBay open event 2 weeks ago, our sellers were really excited. And frankly, we're just getting started on that program. so, we're even continuing to make sellers aware of these new capabilities. So, you'll continue to see quarter-after-quarter and year-after-year innovation on eBay Stores because it's an important part of our strategy.
Edward Yruma: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ross Sandler with Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Hey guys, two questions on the model here. You've got about a 10-point easier comp for GMV on an [Indiscernible] basis. In the third quarter and you're calling for a little bit more? re-sell? from here. So, do we chalk that up to a kind of purging some of the low-quality buyers and that chunk of that 25% of GMV that they represent or is that just the macro is kind of dropping off any color on that would be great? And then your 33% operating margin for 2021, that's got the brunt [Indiscernible] payment ramp in there. So, as we look ahead to '22 and we expect GMV to start growing again, how should we think about that operating margin? Like what are the puts and takes on that going up or going down next year? Thanks a lot.
Steve Priest: hey, we got Steve here. [Indiscernible] So I'll start off with -- the second quarter. And as it relates to everything else on an Apples -- Apple basis, we've obviously exceeded our expectations across all of the major metrics. We laid out our Q3 - third-quarter guidance, and obviously, that reflects the best view based on what we're seeing in our most recent trends in the first part of the quarter. And our latest outlook on my ability.  And this is actually an unchanged view versus what we communicated when me [Indiscernible] in the second quarter and what we indicated was that we expected the second half GMV growth will be similar to Q2 as the Asia comps will be offset by lower macro benefits in 2021 as some mobility got back to normal and we are seeing some of that, in particular, a couple of our key markets in the lights of Germany and the U.K. That underpins that.  And again, we still to -- when we look through that lens, we expect that to lead to a mid, low-to-mid teen volume declines year-over-year, which actually at the heart of it indicates modestly positive growth from the underlying business on the basis of us continuing to improve the customer experience and execute on the vision that Jamie has a light out. Specifically, with regards to your second question about the 33% operating margin for 2021, obviously, we're ramping payments up.  We talked extensively about the fact that that's actually a lower margin part of the businesses sort of 25%, we've guided our expectations that 2021 will end with that 33%. With our recast financials ties a 150 basis stronger than 2019. So, we're right on track with the margin accretion from all of the initiatives that we're driving forward. We're not guiding 2022 at this point, but I'm very pleased with the trajectory that we're sitting on.
Operator: Your next question is from Richard Kramer with Arete Research.
Richard Kramer: Thanks very much. Jamie, first of all, you spoke about being the platform of choice for sellers, but you've also hit a record transaction take rate of 11.3%, you're suggesting that a rise year-on-year. What's your message to sellers with the notion that they are seeing in terms of their costs on eBay continued to go up as there's been a lot of issues and glitches with working on final value fees and tax and so forth. And then a couple of quick questions for Steve.  Can you give us a bit more detail on the decline in gross margins you mentioned payments on authentication? And also, adjusting for the fair value of both warrants, and equity, and the investments, it looks like free cash flow would have been about a 1/3 lower. So, can you talk about what you're seeing in the underlying free cash flow of the business when we remove all these very noisy investment income and changes in fair value of warrants? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: On your first question, I think is important there is to think about the fact that there used to be a separate take rate associated with payments. And now what our sellers are seeing is a blended take rate. And in general, the vast majority of sellers will actually be paying lower fees when you look at the combined take rate that they pay, because they're no longer paying that separate piece, and it's one single rate. The reason you are still seeing a rise in intake rate and may continue to do so is just because of the ramp of payments. So as payments ramp up, that starts to get reflected in eBay's take rate.  But the seller is no longer paying that PayPal or other forms of payment take rate. The second key -- the second key thing for us is making sure that we return the value to the sellers for the fees that we're charging. And so, when you think about the scaling demand that we can bring in terms of 159 million buyers, in terms of new capabilities that we're bringing to them on the platform, like the ability to go back to repeat sellers. There are areas where we've discounted our fees like sneakers, which has worked out really well in terms of growing those categories.  We look in general at the value that we provide. And I would say in our core business, we actually feel really good about that. And what we're seeing in our advertising business is that the ROEs of the return on ad spend that our sellers are seeing, are actually higher than what they're getting on other platforms. Which also, I think speaks to the value of the demand that we're providing. I'll let Steve take the other questions.
Steve Priest: Hi Richard, good to meet you remotely. I'll turn off the first question with regards to margins. So, I think about the 3 key areas that the underlying business, there are payments, and then there are the lights of authentication. And so, as a reminder, we laid out the strategy around payments a couple of years ago.  With regards to $2 billion of incremental revenue, $500 million of incremental [Indiscernible] margin, and as Jamie alluded to, that is going very well, the momentum's going well, we've increased the full cost for 2021 to 1.8, [Indiscernible] on the revenue side. And as I said earlier, we are continuing to be on the path for the incremental 150 basis points over two years on our margin story. So, it's not necessarily driving any dilution in the margin story.  It's great from a Net Income standpoint as we go forward. The second point on authentication, Jamie mentioned the return on investment that is providing, it rather de minimus when you look at the overall cost structure in terms of, in fact, less than the half of points of margin is where you go from authentication, but the amounts of stickiness that are providing for our customers when they are going to cost cross-category buying more than pays for itself, and it's an investment that we're really glad we're making as we think about the whole ecosystem and And then the ability for that to move [Indiscernible] -- across categories.  With regard to our free cash flow at an underlying level which generated a free cash flow of $910 million in the quarter. The warrants are not achieved yet, and the free cash flow's investments. What I would say is that we continue to invest in the product as part of our core platform. In terms of the payments rollout, which is going extremely well, and other product investments with regards to moving this side forward in the categories that Jamie alluded to earlier. So, we're doing very well in terms of the organization and how we're moving forward, and very happy to follow offline if there are any further questions.
Operator: Your next question is from Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe Research.
Deepak Mathivanan: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. To start off, just to follow up on Ross's question. Low-to-mid teens GMV decline in 3Q. Any way you can sort of giving us color on mobility assumptions behind that, should we expect some incremental deceleration in 4Q, or is 3Q sort of the reflection of all potential reversals due to mobility may [Indiscernible] that it's hard to forecast COVID dynamics. But I want to understand your guidance assumptions. And then the second one, you monetized some of your Adevinta stakes, how should we think about the approach with the rest? Is there any specific guidance or timeline that you have in mind? Thank you.
Steve Priest: Good afternoon, Deepak. So, I'll address the first question as you laid an eye in terms of my ability, we have, as I said in my prepared comments, assume that we start to ramp off the significant lockdowns coming from 2020 through '21.  We talked about the fact that mobility, in terms of people getting out and about would increase as we went through the second quarter. And so, as we got into the third, then that's rolling off. In fact, just -- if you look at, particularly, Germany, one of our biggest markets in the U.K., things are pretty much back to normal from my ability standpoint, travels going through the roof. If you look at Search, in terms of leisure activities in travel I think that's as it is going forward.  Obviously, it feels a little different, maybe over here at the moment with regards to the Delta variant, but in that sense, we are missing things where we're expecting that going forward, I'm not going to get beyond quarter 3 Deepak you know because we chose not to guide further than that because of the uncertainty.  But we are [Indiscernible] in the third quarter that things are starting to get back to some normality. And -- and we're not in the lockdown scenario. With regards to the Adevinta transaction, obviously, that was completed. When we think about Adyen and Korea, whilst we have a great [Indiscernible] transactions and not closed yet.  And obviously, therefore we're not getting into any discussions about the proceeds of [Indiscernible] those transactions until those are closed. So obviously leading into the [Indiscernible] venture Very pleased that we were able to increase the share buyback from 2 billion to 5 billion this year in terms of driving those returns to shareholders. But it's too early to say with regard to the other transactions that have not closed yet.
Jamie Iannone: Okay. Operator, I think we'll take one more, please.
Operator: Your final question is from Dan Solomon with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Solomon: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Jamie can come back and review the rollout of Promoted Listings Express and CPC pricing, whatever your key goals there, is it a greater advertiser base, deeper spend per advertiser, and bring more of your sellers in more deeply to the program, any more color on that would be great. And maybe an appropriate last comment for the call, you've mentioned eBay open a seller forum a couple of times here, and some of the pieces [Indiscernible] see back that you got. What would you say were the 2 to 3 most important that you heard from the sellers [Indiscernible]?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first on the Promoted Listings, yeah, the rollout of CBC is really to have additional ad formats and additional capabilities, for sellers to drive visibility of their listings. So, we talked last quarter about how we're only at 1% of GMV. And if you look at other platforms, we think there's significant potential in the kind of low-to-mid single-digit percentage of GMV. The backs of the existing program, where we've already done over a billion dollars, grew 8% this quarter. We're really on a single type of advertising in a single format. So, it was all CPA on fixed price.  So, as we expand now to auctions as we expand to a CPC where we introduce more bidding capabilities for our top spot and search, which just enables sellers to have more tools. So, we're in beta on that product right now, and I would just say in general, we're really excited by what we're seeing because our ROEs are really strong, meaning our buyer experience is performing well, and the return that the sellers are getting on that spend is productive and much more productive than they would get on other platforms. In terms of eBay Open, I think we had a lot of really positive feedback about the unpaid item noise.  I've known sellers forever get frustrated when that happens to them, especially for a new seller. and so, they're really excited that we're tackling that as part of managed payments. I'd say they're really excited by what we're doing in stores and coupons because they want to build their brand on eBay. They want to drive repeat business.  And so, I think they're really excited by that. I'd say the other form that was really well attended and -- and had a lot of excitement was the trading cards forum. The launch of computer vision, where we're driving 80% of the scans is really identifying what the product is and it's simplifying the listing flow. We launched this new my collections, which is a really popular feature for people because they can show up their collections. And we launched a price guide feature which -- eBay has this treasure trove of data in the 25 years of history, nobody has the data that we have. It's a really great asset for us.  So, I'd say that area and those sellers that joined in particular, we're really excited by the innovation that we're making. I love those forums because this platform gets better by listening to our sellers and hearing their feedback. And they give us lots of ideas of things to continue to work on in the tech lead reimagination. So, a great interaction, despite being virtual, they all can't wait to be in person again, like we can, but it was a really good session.
Dan Solomon: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Goodbye.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the eBay First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Joe Billante, VP of Investor Relations and Communications. Please go ahead.
Joe Billante: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2021. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cring, our Interim Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Andy's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie's and Andy's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 28, 2021, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Joe, and good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll begin the call with key highlights from the first quarter. Then, I will share some reflections from my first 12 months as CEO and provide an update on the status of our tech-led re-imagination. At the end of my remarks, I will turn the call over to Andy, who will discuss our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. The first quarter of 2021 was an excellent start to the year for sellers and buyers on eBay. Gross merchandise volume grew 24%, ahead of expectations. Revenue grew 38% outpacing volume, primarily due to payments and advertising. This is the fastest our revenues have grown since 2005, and we lean [ph] further into technology and vertical marketing investments, but still delivered $1.09 in non-GAAP earnings per share above our expectation. Importantly, our customer metrics grew on both sides of our marketplace. Active sellers grew 8% to 20 million globally, more small businesses are joining the platform and more consumers are engaging and selling. C2C GMV growth outpaced B2C for the fourth quarter in a row. This is positive for the long term as consumer sellers bring unique inventory at compelling prices and spend more than twice as much as buyers, who don't sell. Active buyers grew 7% to 187 million globally. We are retaining buyers acquired over the last year at similar rates as pre-pandemic level, and we're seeing higher customer satisfaction in several categories as well as increased spend per buyer. We have continued to make progress on our multiyear initiatives payments and advertising, which contribute to a seamless customer experience, increase our platform monetization and deliver compelling financial results. Managed payments ended Q1 with over four million sellers migrated. This includes millions of consumer sellers and hundreds of thousands of businesses globally. During the quarter, eBay managed payments representing over 52% of on-platform volume, up from 38% last quarter. In the US, we exited the quarter over 80% complete. By applying what we learned in previous markets, rollouts in France, Italy, and Spain progressed at an even faster pace, and we're on track to launch Greater China this quarter and all remaining markets by the middle of the year. We continue to see higher seller satisfaction due to a simpler end-to-end experience that reduces cost and complexity. For many years before managed payments, sellers had to manage delays between purchase and payment across two platforms that tied up their inventory. As sellers migrate to managed payments, that pain point has resolved saving time and money. And in Q1, we reduced unpaid items by approximately 80% on fixed-price transaction. We remain on track to complete the vast majority of the payments transition by the end of this year, which will deliver our stated financial goals at the least an incremental $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in annualized operating income in 2022. In Q1, advertising growth outpaced volume driven by Promoted Listings which delivered close to $224 million of revenue, up 58%. More than 1.3 million sellers promoted close to 400 million listings during the quarter. Growth was driven by increased seller adoption and AI improvements that increased conversion. Inspired by the success of Promoted Listings over the past few years, we are investing aggressively in innovation. We reached $1 billion of advertising revenue in 2020, primarily through Promoted Listings which leverages a risk free CPA model for fixed price inventory. To capture our next billion, we are running multiple experiments, including an ad product for auctions and cost per click capabilities. We are also exploring a new capability that expands seller exposure by increasing off-eBay traffic to promoted listings. Q1 clearly demonstrates that the ongoing execution of our long-term vision is driving better results. Small business and consumer sellers are thriving, and buyers are finding unique items at great prices. We have seen strong growth in volume, revenue, and earnings over the past year due to a combination of mobility driven tailwinds and the execution of our multiyear monetization initiatives. And we are driving value through portfolio optimization and returning capital to shareholders. Despite these notable achievements, there's still a tremendous amount of potential to be realized. Now, I'd like to take a step back to a year ago when I rejoined this remarkable company as CEO. I knew eBay as a pioneer in e-commerce with a globally recognized brand, robust organic traffic, and long-standing customer relationships. And I've always been inspired by the purpose and special culture it creates. Last July, we set out a vision for a tech-led reimagination of eBay. First, we believe that we can drive growth in our core by significantly increasing customer satisfaction. Second, we saw the need to better serve our small businesses and consumer sellers to become their platform of choice. And third, we identified the opportunity to evolve our relationship with buyers to drive better, long-term retention. I am confident we can deliver on these three pillars positioning us to more effectively compete and win in a huge and growing addressable market. Our results to date are very encouraging. Our underlying growth is accelerating, sellers and buyers are growing, and we are making progress in our pursuit to be the best global marketplace to buy and sell. Simply put, our strategy is working. Let me share some examples with you. In the US we are growing our core. In Q1, sneakers valued above $100 grew at a triple-digit rate once again. Since launching authentication, we verified hundreds of thousands of sneakers, and we're seeing buyer satisfaction above 80 as a result. In addition, we are expanding our engagement with Gen Z and Millennials through a wide range of social channels. Based on the tremendous success we've seen in the US, we are rapidly expanding identical capabilities to other major markets. We have set up local authentication centers and are launching in the UK, Australia, and Canada this quarter. These centers will also unlock cross-border trade opportunities in sneakers and in other categories.  In luxury watches, we saw growth accelerate from 16% in Q4 to 38% in Q1 in the US. For authenticated items, we are seeing customer satisfaction that was close to 90% and is changing customer behavior. Sellers are listing more items and seeing a higher price realization. Buyers are visiting eBay more often and spending more. One of the key advantages of our platform is cross-category shopping. Our luxury watch buyers like our sneakers enthusiasts spend thousands of dollars on other categories across the platform. In addition, based on the value we are delivering in luxury watches, we recently raised fees in this category to create more investment capacity. For our certified refurbished experience, eBay sellers continue to see strong velocity and we've expanded in the US to over 150 brands. We've also rolled certified refurbished out to the UK, Canada, and Germany with more than 100 top brands signed up already. Buyers love the low prices on like-new products as well as free shipping, extended warranties, and extended returns. Now I want to highlight the next core category where we see significant potential, trading cards, a key part of our collectibles business. eBay is a market leader in this category with the widest selection across all price levels. We've seen explosive growth to start the year. In the US, GMV was over $1 billion in Q1, which represents more than half of 2020's record setting volume. Active buyers of trading cards doubled and existing buyers purchased more items at higher prices than last year. To dramatically simplify selling, we've recently launched image-based scanning for our top selling trading cards. In addition, we introduced a new low cost track and shipping service and aggressively market it to buyers on social and enthusiast forums. We plan to launch more innovation for trading cards throughout this year. Another area of focus for us is customization. Beginning next month in the UK and Germany, we will offer a new capability to all sellers to offer personalized goods in categories, such as home, fashion and jewelry. This will allow buyers to find and enter specific customization requests to the seller. In the past, this process was manual, which limited GMV. But we believe this new experience can significantly improve customer satisfaction, bring more supply onto the platform, and capture more growth. We plan to expand this capability to all major markets in the coming months. As I mentioned upfront, our playbook to grow the core is working. We have a series of innovations rolling out to more markets throughout the year. While we've only touched a small percentage of global volume so far, all of our largest eBay categories collectibles, home and garden, fashion, electronics, and parts and accessories have addressable opportunities that can benefit from this playbook. In addition to category-specific changes, we are rolling out site-wide improvements for all sellers. For consumer, sellers and small businesses we are focused on significantly reducing complexity, helping maximize value and driving sustainable growth. We believe these changes will increase seller satisfaction and grow the number of active sellers on the platform. Here are some examples of what we are doing. Image-based listing can remove up to 75% of the time it takes to list an item. We have activated this feature in trading cards, and we plan to expand to multiple categories and geographies throughout the year. Last quarter we talked about how we have migrated almost all of our store subscribers to our new platform that increases traffic to their items by approximately 20%. This quarter we empowered sellers with new CRM features, allowing them to directly issue coupons to acquire buyers. In addition, they can set coupon budgets, include QR codes on packing slips, and drive repeat business to their eBay stores. Recently we opened up Terapeak product research free for all Seller Hub users in several markets, including price insights and listing quality reports. In addition, we launched sourcing insights that help sellers analyze trending categories, top products and signals what inventory is most likely to sell. To acquire more buyers, we are also adding new ad formats to our display and social marketing, including video and we improved the inventory feeds that power them. Once we acquire these buyers, we are making changes to increase engagement and trust in their first 90 days and beyond. As an example, we are leveraging a mobile-first approach and revamping key communications buyers received. We are seeing increased engagement from Gen Z and millennial customers through social shopping, such as eBay Sneaker Showdown. For our experienced buyers, we continue to optimize the end-to-end shopping experience. In Q1, we increased conversion by improving our search engine's understanding of longer complex queries, and we added functionality to help buyers identify free local pickup items in their community. We are excited that all three of our strategic pillars are producing volume, seller and buyer growth, but we have a long runway ahead of us. We will continue to drive our investment decisions both organic and inorganic in pursuit of achieving this vision. While I'm pleased with our business results, I am more proud of the way our employees and our platform are fulfilling our purpose of providing economic opportunity for all. As part of our commitment to empowering small businesses everywhere, we announced an investment of $25 million into the Clear Vision Impact Fund to help support small and medium-sized minority-owned businesses that support historically underserved communities. We continue to support the UK's National Health Care Service efforts and I'm happy to report that we're now up to 2 billion PPE items distributed utilizing eBay's technology. Additionally, we remain active in philanthropy during Q1. We raised over $35 million through eBay for charity. The company also contributed to Asian Americans Advanced Justice and supported employee giving during Black History Month and the Lunar New Year and we quadrupled employee matching gift limits through the eBay Foundation. Finally, another area that inspires me is eBay's impact on the planet. Many companies make admirable investments into adjacent programs, but at eBay sustainability is the core of our business. Since eBay was founded over 25 years ago, re-commerce or the resale of pre-owned goods has been an integral part of our platform and purpose. Our community connects and trades pre-owned items that hold meaning and usefulness and keeps these items out of landfills. A recent survey confirmed that re-commerce resonates with our customers. In the US, 87% of respondents say they have sold pre-owned goods in the last 12 months. And they aren't just selling 81% of Gen V customers surveyed said that buying pre-owned items has become more common in the last year. In summary, we are making great progress on the tech library imagination of eBay. We delivered historically strong Q1 results, putting us in a stronger position today than we thought we'd be coming into the year. Looking forward, we are excited because our long-term strategy is working. By increasing customer satisfaction, we are accelerating our core business while attracting and retaining sellers and buyers. There is more work to do, but I couldn't be prouder of the eBay team. They are focused and driven and they work hard every day to innovate, keeping our customers at the forefront. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Andy?
Andy Cring: Thanks Jamie. I will begin my prepared remarks with our first quarter financial highlights starting on slide four of the earnings presentation. The first quarter was another great quarter for eBay. We generated over $27 billion of GMV, our highest GMV quarter ever. We delivered $3 billion of revenue, $1.09 of non-GAAP EPS, and $855 million of free cash flow, while returning $414 million to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends. Moving to active buyers on slide 5. We exited the quarter with 187 million buyers, representing 7% year-on-year growth consistent with the fourth quarter. We've added 13 million buyers to the ecosystem since the beginning of 2020 and are experiencing retention rates that remain in line with historical trends. And as we said throughout 2020, we continue to see growth in GMV per active buyer across all cohorts. Moving to slide 6. In Q1, we enabled $27.5 billion of marketplace GMV, up 24% accelerating six points versus the fourth quarter. On a spot basis this represents growth of 29%, an acceleration of eight points versus the fourth quarter. As over 60% of our GMV is generated outside of the US, we saw a five-point translation benefit due to the weaker dollar. On platform volume, which represents nearly 85% of total GMV grew at 28% a seven-point acceleration versus Q4, driven by site-wide product experience improvements, progress we're making in key categories, increased mobility restrictions and additional stimulus in the US. Our platform business in Korea was relatively stable versus the fourth quarter at 4% year-on-year growth. In the US, we generated $10.4 billion of GMV in Q1, up 36% year-on-year accelerating 11 points from the fourth quarter, driven by mobility dynamics, stimulus payments and strength in our core categories including collectibles. International GMV was up 17% year-on-year, a two-point acceleration versus the fourth quarter, driven by strength in our core categories and mobility dynamics. Turning to revenue on slide 7, our Q1 net revenue was $3 billion, up 38% and accelerating 10 points on an FX-neutral basis. As Jamie said this was our strongest quarter since 2005. On a spot basis this represents growth of 42%. We delivered $2.7 billion of transaction revenue, up 40%, accelerating nine points from the fourth quarter mostly driven by our payments migration and volume strength. In managed payments, we continue to execute and have made great progress on seller migration to the new payments platform. As Jamie mentioned, we process over half of our global on-platform volume in the quarter, which contributed approximately 15 points of incremental revenue growth versus 2020. Transaction take rate was 10% for the quarter accelerating 20 basis points driven by managed payments, partially offset by category and seller mix in addition to currency hedging impacts. When we started the managed payments journey, we expect it to progressively increase monetization of our site, while delivering better seller economics and improved experience for both buyers and sellers and overall revenue growth for the business. We continue to deliver across all of these dimensions. We delivered $291 million of marketing services and other revenue up 22%, accelerating 19 points from the fourth quarter, driven by first-party growth in Korea which grew approximately 120% in addition to strength in advertising and shipping. Turning to slide eight and major cost drivers. In Q1, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 33%. This is up approximately 140 basis points year-on-year driven by volume and advertising, partially offset by product and marketing reinvestments, the impact of managed payments growth, and FX. For each of the non-GAAP expense buckets, volume and a higher take rate provided leverage as a percent of revenue. I will provide additional context for other significant drivers. Cost of revenue was up nearly four points year-over-year as leverage was more than offset by scaling managed payments and our first-party inventory program in Korea. As a reminder, the managed payments cost structure includes payment processing costs that scale in line with payments revenue. This dynamic has been fully contemplated in our 2022 margin targets. Sales and marketing expense was down nearly two points versus the prior year as leverage was partially offset by investments in our vertical strategy, strategic reinvestments in online marketing, and FX. Product development costs were down 10 basis points as leverage was mostly offset by investments in end-to-end product experience in addition to managed payments and advertising. G&A was down nearly two points primarily from leverage and a disciplined cost control. Transaction losses were down approximately one and a half points from the benefit of fee netting in our managed payments initiative and lapping COVID-driven deferred fees and seller protection increases. Turning to EPS on slide nine, in Q1, we delivered $1.09 of non-GAAP EPS up 59% versus the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS growth was driven primarily by higher volume, growth in payments and advertising, and the reduction in share count driven by our repurchases, partially offset by investments in product and marketing. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.82 up 44% versus last year. The increase in GAAP EPS is mostly driven by the same factors as non-GAAP performance, partially offset by the fair value of the Adyen warrant. Moving to slide 10, in Q1, we had a very strong quarter of cash generation, finishing Q1 with $855 million of free cash flow, a 65% increase year-on-year driven by topline growth, increased working capital, and lower capital expenditures. Turning to slide 11, for the quarter, we ended with cash and investments of $3.9 billion and debt of $7 billion. In Q1, we repurchased approximately 5.2 million shares at an average price of $55.70 per share amounting to $292 million. We exited the quarter with $5.7 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Moving to slide 12 and investments, when we announced the classifieds transaction with Adevinta on July 20 of last year, the valuation was $9.2 billion based on a mix of cash and the value of Adevinta shares at that time. As of April 27th, the Adevinta share price had appreciated by nearly 37%, which increased the value of the deal to over $12.7 billion. We continue to expect the deal to close in the second quarter with the cash portion of the transaction providing approximately $2 billion net of tax. Turning to Adyen. The warrants we acquired in the second quarter of 2018 are valued at $1 billion at the end of the first quarter, an increase of over $700 million year-on-year. You can find more information on the Adyen warrant in our 10-Q. We remain excited about both of these investments, the optionality they provide and the significant value each can generate for our shareholders. Turning to guidance on slide 13. For Q2 we are projecting revenue between $2.98 billion and $3.03 billion, growing between 8% to 10% on an organic FX-neutral basis, representing 12% to 14% growth on a spot basis. This assumes marketplace volume declines high single to low double digits on an FX-neutral basis, representing a decline of mid to high single digits on a spot basis. This volume guidance is driven by three main components. First, the negative impact from lapping our second largest quarter ever, which was fueled by the first wave of mobility restrictions, stimulus payments and supply chain disruptions. Second, the ongoing benefit from macro factors, including mobility and stimulus payments across our on-platform businesses, which we estimate are contributing high single-digit growth this quarter. Third and most importantly, continued delivery on initiatives driving us towards our vision, many of which Jamie highlighted earlier. On a year-over-two-year basis, this guidance represents growth in the high teens on a spot basis, which is more than $4 billion of incremental GMV versus the same quarter in 2019, as our sellers and buyers have discovered or rediscovered the power and reach of our global platform. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.91 to $0.96 per share, representing a 6% to 11% decrease, primarily driven by volume deleverage and continued investments in product and marketing in support of our strategy, partially offset by managed payments and a lower share count. We expect non-GAAP effective tax rate of 16% to 18%. We are expecting GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the range of $0.67 to $0.72 per share in Q2. Finally, on Q2 our EPS guidance assumes approximately $400 million of share buyback. While we aren't providing guidance for the full year, we do want to provide some additional context on our path forward. On volume, our conviction in the vision is increasing and we are confident these efforts will continue to drive additional growth as we scale. While difficult to forecast, mobility will likely continue to improve throughout the second half, pressuring growth. And when combined with easier lapping, that could result in second half FX-neutral volume growth rates similar to those of our second quarter guidance. For buyers, similar to GMV we expect growth will be pressured as we lap periods of high buyer acquisition. We expect revenue growth will continue to materially outpace GMV growth, as our monetization initiatives drive a higher effective take rate. Specifically in payments, we're more than halfway done with the migration of on-platform GMV and expect to deliver at least $1.7 billion of revenue in 2021, well on our way to realizing at least $2 billion of revenue in 2022. On margin we are on target and remain committed to delivering 2 points of margin expansion versus 2019, achieving at least 30% by 2022. We said along the way that margin accretion won't be linear. And in 2021, we expect margin will be approximately 29% for the full year. With regards to cash and capital allocation, we will continue to deliver strong free cash flow. We remain committed to our targets and tenants and we will continue to optimize our capital structure within them. Specifically, on buybacks. For the full year we anticipate repurchasing approximately $2 billion of stock excluding deal proceeds. We will update plans for use of proceeds from the classifieds transaction at the time of closure. For our Korea business, we have a strategic review process underway, which includes the possibility of a sale, with interest from multiple parties. We are exploring that interest and we'll provide an update when we have material information to share. And finally, on FX. At current rates, we'd expect the benefit of currency to be smaller in the second half, as we lap a relatively weaker US dollar. In conclusion, Q1 was a record quarter for eBay and we entered Q2 excited about the path forward to deliver on all aspects of our long-term plan. We will continue to execute on our multi-year monetization initiatives, which are driving material benefits to our customers and shareholders, as we move towards at least $2 billion of revenue and $0.5 billion of operating income in managed payments and the next $1 billion of advertising revenue. We are delivering on our core strategy, increasing customer satisfaction and attracting and retaining customers as we capitalize on a $0.5 trillion addressable market that is growing double-digits. We're delivering consistent strong free cash flow and continue to deploy that cash in a disciplined manner by investing in our platform for the long-term and returning capital to shareholders. On margins, we remain on target for at least two points of improvement in 2022 compared to 2019, while we continue to drive efficiencies and strategically reinvest to accelerate growth. And finally, we're executing on our portfolio reviews and will deploy capital in a disciplined manner balancing reinvestment in the core, capacity for mergers and acquisitions, paying a dividend and buying back our undervalued stock. And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Sandler with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Hey, guys. I have three questions if that's okay. For the guidance, you gave like kind of loss in the year-on-year. But if we look at 1Q to 2Q sequentially, I think, it assumes about a 7% decline Q-on-Q for GMV, normally kind of flat Q-on-Q. So, I guess, can you parse that into how much is like stimulus burning off versus these economies reopening in the context of what Jamie said about buyers retaining at a high level and spend per buyer going up just trying to reconcile that. Second one is on the margins. So, the 29% margin guidance, is that just from all this payment revenue coming in at a lower margin or are there other discrete areas that you're layering in on the investment? And then lastly on the trading cards, are there other categories like this that just kind of have emerged over the last year that you guys maybe had that were nascent and just now are being like activated because consumer behavior has changed? Anything else besides trading cars you would point to that would be an example of coming out of this whole thing why eBay would be in much better shape from a category perspective. Thanks a lot.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. I'll start with the trading card ones and then I'll let Andy talk about the other two. So, yes, we've always had a great history in the Collectibles business and a great history in trading cards. Obviously, Q1 was really strong doing it over $1 billion in the quarter, which was more than half of last year's record setting. And I'd say in general, what we see is that when we take category-by-category, and we changed the NPS, and we changed the customer experience, that changes the buyers and sellers and the GMV follows. And in that case, it's similar to what we saw in sneakers and in watches where that change led to a dramatically different performance. We see customization, which we just launched this quarter as another one of those opportunities. We do millions of items on the site today, but we do it in a way that's really full of a lot of friction between the buyer and the seller, and this makes it really seamless and I think gives us the opportunity to open up more GMV. But as I said upfront, we haven't even touched the -- some of the major categories that we have like home and garden, fashion, electronics, and parts and accessories. These are big core categories that all have addressable opportunities that we think can benefit from this playbook.
Andy Cring: Yes, Ross. On the other two questions on Q2, and Q1 versus Q2 dynamics. I mean, clearly, the first quarter was a huge quarter for us, as I said, our largest quarter ever. As we indicated in January, we had seen increasing restrictions late last year through most of our markets and those kind of persisted into the first quarter, and the growth in the first quarter driven by two main factors. As we've said, the continued underlying performance and then the correlation between mobility and GMV. And then as the quarter progressed, a lot of further developments and things we learned along the way back to January pace of vaccines were very different from where they are today. Mobility has improved throughout the quarter in most markets. And then you've got as you mentioned the impact of stimulus payments in the US, which it's hard to say exactly the impact, but -- or when it started or when it will stop, but we believe the peak of that impact was probably in the March time frame. So when you look then on a quarter-over-quarter basis, the biggest difference between Q1 and the outlook for Q2 would be the fact that the stimulus -- or not stimulus, sorry, but the mobility is in a better place today than it was at the beginning of the first quarter. Underlying performance continues to be great. And then as we've said, progress on payments is continuing to be very positive as well. That leads a little bit into your second question on margin rate for the year. I think a couple of things to consider. We're still on target for the 30% that we said for next year, and we have said all along, it's not going to be linear. We're going to have quarters where we're up or down, and we're going to continue to balance growth and margin along the way. A couple of things, when you look at Q1 relative to the rest of the year and then the second half -- and again, you hit on a couple. I think it's important to remember, our historical trend is that Q1 is a bit higher than the rest of the year, and typically higher than Q2. Last year, that was a bit muted with the amount of growth that we saw, but I think this year we're -- with the relative size of the two quarters more on that trend. And then without getting into a specific walk on the second half, I think three things. One would be, moderating growth, which will have some impact on volume and deleverage. We continue to invest for long-term health. So we're not going to be managing to a quarterly margin target. We're working towards longer-term business health. And then you did call it, and it's a great problem, which is payments is scaling rapidly. It's delivering a tremendous amount of incremental op income and it does come with a minor bit of pressure on operating margin, but we feel great about that progress and what it does for the P&L.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: All right. Great. Thanks for the questions. I guess, first off, bigger picture question for you Jamie. You talked a bit about some of the additional product planning with advertising, and so more broadly, I wonder, how you think about the ramp of overall seller monetization, how much additional upside you see there or if you see perhaps an opportunity longer term to shift the model towards more ad orientation like we see with marketplaces in other markets? And then secondly, on the margin side, on the spending side, obviously dynamics this year are a little bit different given the comps. But we've seen periods of reinvestments with eBay over the last decade. And so Jimmy, you outlined a bit of a division last year and it sounds like you're happy with the progress this year so far this year with the verticals. But how do you weigh the need to invest long term and measure your performance on a short-term basis? And how quickly, are you going to be able to pivot if necessary?
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So, first on the monetization side. So look obviously both payments and advertising are leading to the significant growth in revenue ahead of payments. Since you asked more about advertising, I'll talk about -- we feel great about the business in part, because our sellers are seeing a great return on the ad spend. And we think there's a lot of opportunity left from that perspective to help them be able to move their products with velocity. So what we're announcing this quarter is that, we're basically rolling out three new experiments or pilots in our advertising business. The first being placement for our auctions. So the growth that we've seen to date has really just been on the fixed price business. So that will be a new capability. We're also testing a CPC-based capability for our sellers, which is a new potential growth vector. And we're looking at off eBay opportunities for our sellers to even further increase their exposure. So we continue to look at the monetization and are we adding value to sellers? A great example for that is in watches this quarter, we saw an opportunity to increase our fees there, because of the value that we're creating for our sellers in that category. Overall, when I look at advertising, it's still only 1% of GMV. And if you look at benchmarks, there's significant opportunity above that. And we -- as long as we continue to add value to sellers we think that will be a continued opportunity.  On the second side on the investments, we laid out in July, the strategic plan and started with the category idea on verticals specifically of reinventing the experience, changing the NPS and driving GMV. And if you look at the results of the past few quarters, this is the fourth quarter in a row where we have triple-digit growth in sneakers. This is a business that had been declining double-digits. Our watches went from 16% last quarter to 38%. More importantly though we're seeing customer satisfaction metrics in the 80s and 90s. And so we think this concept of really applying it to other parts of the business. So what you're going to see over the next coming quarters and years is us continuing to expand that focus and invest in and roll out additional categories.  Like I said upfront, the majority of our big categories like parts and accessories, electronics, fashion all have similar opportunities to follow that playbook. So we're going to continue to do it in a balanced way as I talked about in July, managing what we spend with what we see as the growth opportunity. And we've already done that in a lot of areas especially in marketing over the past couple of quarters.
Colin Sebastian: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Edward Yruma: Hey. Thanks so much for taking the question. I guess just first as a follow-up to the previous question, it was interesting that you took up take rate and watches. I guess, Jamie if you step back and look at take rate overall base take rate, are there more opportunities to take uptake rate? Are there services you can continue to add that exclude advertising that would allow you to have that higher take rate?  And then I guess as you guys make some of these muscle moves in specific verticals, any sense as to how large these verticals are as a percent of total GMV? And then a follow-up on fashion. I know you've been doing some off-price fashion tests in the UK timing on rolling that out to the US? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So on take rate, obviously, with payments we actually think we are -- for the vast majority of sellers they're going to experience lower fees even though it will mean at least $0.5 billion of operating income to our business. And we continue to look for ways that we can drive kind of the new experience. The off eBay advertising is a great example of that.  And to your comment on watches, it's really kind of a category-by-category basis of us looking at what value are we creating and what opportunities are there for our sellers. On how large this can be? Why we're focused on the non-new in season is because we believe it's a $500 million total addressable market. And if you look at our categories on the site, we have high single-digit, low double-digit penetration. And so we think there's lots of opportunity.  And coming back to the core of what we said about re-commerce, I think more and more especially in younger generations are interested in the re-commerce of pre-loved items. And so it's why we're leaning in so much towards that. Also we're seeing this strategy is working with C2C. So our C2C again, outgrew our B2C growth 34% versus 21%. But that only -- not only brings the unique inventory, but it turns those buyers into twice as valuable buyers when they try casual selling.  And then lastly, the tests we've been doing on the brand outlet side in the UK has been performing well. We're growing double-digits ahead of market rates. And as I mentioned before, what's great is that while we went out and sourced all of the initial programs to kind of build that up and now the brands are actually calling us and asking us to be part of that program. So you've seen this playbook from us over the past few quarters where we're trying things in different markets, finding success and then rolling them out more broadly. So we've had a lot of success with sneakers in the US and we're now rolling that out to UK, Canada and Australia this quarter. And you could see us continue to follow that playbook.
Edward Yruma: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Champion with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Tom Champion: Hi. Good afternoon. Just wanted to ask a follow-up to the prior question. I think last quarter, you framed GMV covered by new category experiences and it was single-digits or kind of less than 10% of GMV in the fourth quarter. And just curious if you could update that metric, where these new category experiences reach this quarter and maybe what could be achieved by year-end? Any comments on that would be helpful.  And then Jamie I'm just curious, if you could talk about what are the remaining seller pain points that you're really focused on? You've clearly done a lot of work with payments and maybe reach on the advertising side. But what are you hearing from sellers as to the features that they'd like to see? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So look what I'd say is that on the categories that we've tackled thus far we're still in single-digit percentage territory. And what we've said is that we believe that over half over the -- coming years over half of the GMV is addressable in this type of opportunity and especially in some of these major categories. And frankly there's probably opportunities across all categories over time to be able to ever change it. We really wanted to see if the thesis that we laid out worked and it's been working pretty consistently and that's the feedback we're getting from buyers and sellers and we're obviously seeing it in the business. There's a lot of opportunity for us on the seller side. So on the store side, we're migrating all of our stores to the NextGen platform. That's mostly complete, which is a much better platform for them. This quarter we're rolling out CRM capabilities, which has been a long-standing ask of theirs, so that they can remarket to buyers through packing slips, through e-mail et cetera. So that's been pretty significant. And then even things like the customization that we're launching is a long-standing seller request to drive their business. We didn't talk much about this but one of the pain points that's existed in the eBay community for our sellers has been unpaid items for -- since the company really started payments was divorced from -- or separated from purchase, and so sellers sometimes would have a transaction close without getting paid. The ability -- now that we've launched manage payments and we're migrating a bunch of new technologies, we actually reduced that by 80% for our sellers. So that's a pain point that we're really happy to be able to eliminate for them. And then on the C2C side, its really about making it easier, why you see us launching things like image base listing? It is because we want to take all of the friction of the experience and make it a really short couple of minute process to get your items up on to the platforms. So, were doing a lot more education, things around the seller business, really focused on continuing to drive that C2C business. So I think each quarter, we'll be rolling out features that really address this key thesis of taking all the friction of the experience and making this the best marketplace in the world.
Tom Champion: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Shweta Khajuria: This is Shweta for Mark. I was wondering if you could please comment on buyer growth. You laid out some of the initiatives that you are taking to continue to drive growth. So where do you think -- what do you think could be a sustainable growth rate for buyers? And then the second thing, you also pointed to some of your top category and that includes collectibles, home and garden, electronics, fashion, parts and accessories. I may have missed some, but how big are they currently today as a part of -- as a percentage of GMV? And how do you think the cross-category shift plays out in face of reopening? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So first on buyers look in Q1, we added 7% to our active buyer count to $187 million globally. Over the past year we've added 13 million buyers to the marketplace. And what we're seeing is that those buyers are behaving with strong performance like pre-pandemic. So they're not just coming to eBay for during the pandemic time period and leaving. We're converting a good amount to our strategy of long-standing enthusiasts. We're really focused on the first 90 days for buyers and making sure that they have a great experience on the site. And what you're seeing is that the NPS is up, especially in focused categories like watches and sneakers, certified refurbished where you now have a two-year warranty and have the free returns. So we're really pleased with that. The cross-category nature and the size of these categories is one of the best assets of eBay. We talked last quarter about our sneaker buyer where we acquire a new Gen Z buyer; they end up buying $500 in sneakers but another $2,000 outside sneakers. We're seeing the same type of thing in watches where we're acquiring a buyer of new high-end watches and they're spending thousands of dollars outside of other categories. So we continue to lean in because it's a huge accelerator for us to get buyers purchasing cross-category and a lot of the marketing technology that we've built and we worked on, the AI with recommendations et cetera is really centered on this idea of capturing buyers and having them transact in multiple categories.
Shweta Khajuria: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: There's going to be a lot of moving parts this year with e-commerce facing the comps and it's not just you. And so what do you think is the best way to measure your progress this year as we think about it? Is it market share versus e-commerce spend? And what specific milestones if GMV matches your outlook, should we be looking for that really show you're making progress this year? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So I mean one that we're clearly looking at is with last year being such an anomaly with the pandemic is a year over two-year and the growth that we're seeing there, which we're excited by. Clearly we'll be lapping some of the buyer, extensive buyer growth that we had in last Q2 but we're looking at the performance of those active buyers on a go-forward basis and we're pretty pleased with that performance. And then the last thing I'd say is that, look, a lot of the stuff that we're doing on the core strategy is really about the long-term growth. So we're going to see things in the short-term variances versus prior year. But I think for me the core thing is the playbook that we put in place is working. This thesis of really changing the growth trajectory of the category by investing in the playbook is what the team is focused on. And we're going to stay on that for the near to medium future. If I look at coming into this in 2019, we were I think declining 2% from a GMV perspective. And if you look at our revenue growth projected next quarter, we're looking at double-digit revenue growth. So we feel good about where we're positioned coming out of the pandemic.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you so much. So Jamie, now that the US payment penetration is -- seems to be approaching the finish line here, is there anything you can say about how the simplified checkout versus what the buyer has had to go through before? And how that might be resulting in, hopefully a decrease to the overall friction and hence an increase in conversion rate or purchase velocity? And I guess as a follow-up to some of the earlier questions on advertising, as an increasing portion of the transactions end up being C2C or what might be more unique, collectible or enthusiast items, should we still be thinking that that type of gross merchandise value is still appropriate for PLA because it seems like advertising should work best for probably those categories where there are multiple sellers trying to sell a fairly homogeneous item? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first on the payment side, I would say, yes, not only buyers now have more choices of how to pay including Google Pay, Apple Pay, credit card, debit, PayPal, et cetera. But you no longer have to set up two different accounts. You no longer have to manage a claims process or returns process in two different areas. It's one eBay money back guarantee. So to us it dramatically simplifies the whole experience for a buyer and makes it easier. They keep that payment on file and it's just a dramatically easier experience. And then it's helping the seller too because I mentioned the unpaid item example earlier on the call but also the ability for them to manage all their business in one place makes it much more streamlined to just run a business on eBay. On the Promoted Listings, we see opportunities really across every category and every price point of GMV. The beauty of the CPA model that we've had of the cost per acquisition model has been just the simplicity of it of just adding the percentage and it makes it really easy. But the PC model that we're launching also gives the opportunity to really kind of push volume in a different way with a different set of capabilities. But even on single and unique items, people want to promote those items and get more exposure for them. They have for the longest period of time. It's why we're launching the ad feature for auction and testing that is to really go after it. And it's still not -- we still have a lot of opportunity across our listings to increase the penetration. Like I said before, we're only at 1% of GMV.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So first can you provide some color on what categories are specifically seeing reversals with mobility improving in second quarter? And then on the commentary around the second half GMV trends, comps are also progressively getting easier once you navigate past second quarter, but you're saying that potentially GMV trends could be similar to second quarter. I know there are always certain one-time items in 2Q and there's potentially some geographies coming out later in terms of mobility. But can you parse out between those? And do you expect further reversal in terms of kind of comparable basis on volumes beyond 2Q?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. I'll take the first one and I'll let Andy take the second. So on the category piece, we talked about last year was, people started by panic buying everything that was related to kind of health needs across the board on eBay. And then we saw that expand into kind of stay-at-home categories, fitness and laptops, those types of things in our electronics business. And then, really went kind of across the board over the course of the year. So as you think about this year it's really just a change against the backdrop of what we were buying last year. I'll let Andy take the second part of that.
Andy Cring: Yes. And look, we didn't provide guidance for the second half just because of the dynamic environment and the wide range of outcomes. You are right. When you look at the comps for Q3 and Q4 they are modestly easier as we go through the year. The second piece, I'd say is, we continue to expect to see the underlying business perform. I think the wildcard in all of this is the macro factors, mobility and stimulus, incredibly hard to predict. There's certainly some benefit in the second quarter to those. And it's possible that as regions open up and mobility improves that that offsets some of the comps, the easier comps that we see in the second half. It's a scenario. It's just -- it's hard to accurately predict where mobility heads.
Deepak Mathivanan: Got it.
Joe Billante: Operator, we've got time for one more.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about -- you've done a great job of tackling and handling these categories with sneakers and luxury watches authenticated and now trading cards. And as someone who sold a Barry Sanders rookie card, it is a much better experience. So the question is, as we sort of look ahead to the next 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%, 50% of GMV that you're going to redo, what is sort of the main technological constraint that you think is going to sort of dictate how quickly or slowly you're going to be able to sort of redo the rest of the categories on the platform? And as you're talking about the back half, are you assuming you're going to have more categories rolled on to the new stronger interface yet?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So the first thing I'd say is that, on the category piece, in some cases the categories have overlapped in terms of features or capabilities we need to build in order to make that a winning NPS for us. So we build authentication once. It took us a couple of months to build it out, but then we're able to roll it out to the next category in a couple of weeks and expand that geographically. And so, I think that's actually true for a lot of areas, where there's components or features that we're building specifically to drive the NPS of a category that will be applicable to a broad set of categories across the experience. And in terms of pace, we're going to continue to do what we've done before, which is, roll them out in a specific geography, make sure that we're seeing the intended impact and then roll it out across the board. We don't really want to talk about which category is next and what we're focused on for competitive reasons. But I would just say that, we're really pleased with the playbook. We're really pleased that we're able to drive significant growth and a significant change in trajectory and most importantly, a significant change in the customer experience. And so, you're just going to see us continue feature after feature, category after category. The second thing I'd say is that the verticals is not the only investment that we're making. A lot of our investment is going to site-wide investments that impact all categories. Clearly, that's true for payments and advertising, but the same is true across our seller tools, across our API business, across the CRM and couponing capabilities that we just rolled out, investments that we have in search and in SEO, which apply to the whole business. So the way I think about them is kind of, a good amount of investment in vertical to really change the NPS of those categories, but a significant amount of site-wide investments as well, which lifts all categories. So that's the strategy. That's how we think about it and we're really pleased with the performance.
Operator: There are no further time for questions. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the eBay Q4 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Joe Billante, VP of Communications and Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Joe Billante: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBays earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter of 2020. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer and Andy Cring, our Interim Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Andys commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie and Andys remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of February 3, 2021, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Ill begin todays call with some key highlights from last quarter of last year, and walk you through an update on the progress of eBays tech-led re-imagination. I will then turn the call over to Andy to discuss the details of our recent performance and near-term outlook. Overall, 2020 was a great year for sellers and buyers on eBay. We are pleased that we closed out the year with strong results. For Q4, gross merchandise volume in marketplaces grew 18%, well ahead of our expectations. The holiday season contributed to the strong performance as we saw record volume with high velocity in hard-to-find and sold-out items. Refurbished gifts also emerged as a top trend, and we saw many products from top brands in our certified refurbished experience sell out completely. Our buyers were very active during the holiday season. In the U.S., 1 in 10 online shoppers bought something on eBay. In Germany, that number was 1 in 7. And in the UK, it was 1 in 4. In addition to this holiday surge, we experienced unprecedented traffic levels for most of 2020, and yet our platform had the highest availability in the last 6 years. To put this in context, more than 100 days in 2020 exceeded peak 2019 traffic levels. eBay has been able to seamlessly handle these peaks, while keeping our marketplace open for all during a global pandemic. For the full quarter, revenue grew 10 points faster than volume, up 28% driven primarily by payments and advertising. And we delivered $0.86 in non-GAAP earnings per share, which was above our expectations and included reinvestments for the long-term. Our customer metrics grew on both sides of our marketplace in the quarter. Active buyers grew 7% to $185 million globally, and our active seller base increased by 5% as more small business and consumer sellers listed and sold on the platform. These results capped off a tremendous year for eBay. In 2020, we added an incremental $14 billion of GMV, thats more growth in the past 7 years combined. Organic revenue grew 21% and non-GAAP earnings per share grew 49%, and we returned nearly $5.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. In July, I laid out a long-term vision for the company, and we have rearchitected our roadmap to achieve our tech-led reimagination over the next few years. We also made progress on our multiyear initiatives, payments and advertising, which drove tremendous financial results while providing customers with a significantly improved experience. We continue to make significant advancements with our managed payments transition, ending the year with over 1 million sellers migrated. During the quarter, eBay managed payments for over 38% of on-platform volume. In the U.S., we exited the year with over 50% of the migration complete. In addition to the 5 markets where we already launched, transitions have been announced or underway in France, Italy, Spain and Greater China. We have also started to transition consumer sellers in the U.S., UK, Canada and Germany. Seller satisfaction has improved compared to Q3 and NPS scores from sellers in managed payments remain more than 10 points higher than the NPS of sellers who have yet to migrate. Over the course of 2021, we plan to roll out payments to remaining markets, launch cross-border trade and release product capabilities for all use cases. This roadmap opens up managed payments to all sellers globally and places us firmly on our path toward 100% migration. As the vast majority of the transition will be complete by the end of this year, we are well positioned to deliver at least an incremental $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in operating income annually in 2022. In Q4, advertising growth outpaced volume once again as sellers lean further into promoted listings to grow their business. For the quarter, promoted listings delivered over $215 million of revenue, up 57% despite having lapped a major product launch that drove strong acceleration a year ago. For the full year, promoted listings grew 86%. This product continues to grow, in part because sellers who have adopted promoted listings are seeing, on average, a double-digit sales increase. Our total advertising revenue reached a new milestone in 2020, passing $1 billion for the year. We see tremendous growth potential remaining as this represents approximately 1% of GMV, well below industry benchmarks. We expect advertising revenue to outpace volume for the foreseeable future. Now Id like to share an update on the transfer of Classifieds to Adevinta. We remain excited to bring together 2 highly complementary businesses that can create tremendous value over time. We believe the deal is on track to close as we have received the vast majority of regulatory approvals. We expect closure by the end of the first quarter, subject to the remaining regulatory approvals which we are working to obtain. We also recently announced that we are exploring options for our Korean business. Our 2 local platforms, Gmarket and IAC, have built leading e-commerce positions by tailoring to customer needs with innovative experiences. With a paid loyalty program of over 2.5 million members, and a growing first-party inventory program, these businesses primarily focus on new and seasoned products from B2C sellers with limited cross-border trade. As we mentioned in our press release, we will not be communicating any further information about the strategic review process until there is material information to disclose. I will now provide an update on the progress we have made towards our long-term vision for eBay. The three strategic priorities to support this vision remain the same: first, to defend our core by building compelling next-gen experiences for enthusiasts; second, to become the partner of choice for sellers; and third, to cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with our buyers. In the past few months, we launched several new product experiences aligned with this vision. While we still have a long way to go, we are encouraged by the initial reaction from buyers and sellers and the acceleration in GMV in several categories. During the fall in the U.S., we launched authentication for luxury watches, and quickly rolled out a similar experience to sneakers a few weeks later. We have put a greater focus on protecting buyers and sellers by preventing counterfeits and eliminating fraudulent returns. These experiences are driving significantly higher-than-average customer satisfaction, and we see opportunities to expand this capability to other verticals and markets. This new product experience is driving material growth in these categories for U.S. business. For luxury watches over $2,000, we saw a double-digit increase in GMV growth in Q4 versus Q3, driven by higher sell-through rates and higher average prices. For sneakers over $100, we saw triple-digit growth year-over-year in Q4. While some volume growth is due to the effects of the pandemic, significant growth drivers included the authentication rollout, pricing reductions and marketing changes. Sneaker buyer behavior is a great example of the power of the eBay platform. In 2020, the average customer who purchased a pair of sneakers over $100 spent a total of $2,500 on eBay. Approximately 80% of that spend was in categories outside of sneakers. We will continue to drive more cross-category shopping to grow GMV per buyer over time. To expand the buyer base, we are investing in new channels, including social marketing to reach more Gen Z and millennial customers. We launched a TikTok campaign called Lace Em Up, generating 4.7 billion views. And we also have been partnering with celebrities, famous athletes and influencers on exclusive promotions. Another area of non-new and season inventory were focused on is outlet fashion. In the UK, we launched an optimized brand outlet experience with 150 fashion brands offering products at deep discounts. This contributed to strong double-digit GMV growth in fashion ahead of UK market rates. We also saw active listings double and active buyers in the category grew 30% in Q4. Moving on to the second key priority of our vision becoming the platform of choice for sellers. In addition to enhancements in payments and advertising, we continue to provide small businesses with more tools and capabilities to help them grow. In Q4, we added more automation and scale to sell our initiated offers. This uniquely eBay feature allows sellers to escape the limits of a buyback by enabling them to offer custom deals to individual buyers. For the year, seller-initiated offers drove over $1.2 billion of GMV. Another win for sellers on eBay in Q4 was in SEO. The work we have done in the past to optimize our platform for search engine ranking and visibility is paying off. SEO traffic is growing faster than paid channels and delivering more new buyers to small business sellers on eBay. Last, we continued to increase seller visibility in our native app by driving traffic to their eBay stores. 95% of our store subscribers have migrated to the newest experience, and they are seeing a 20% average increase in visits to their storefront. The third key priority of our strategy is to cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with buyers. To achieve this, we are leveraging technology to remove friction throughout the buying journey. A major focus for us has been the native app experience. In 2020, almost half of our global GMV was transacted in the app, and it continues to grow faster than the overall business as buyer and seller preferences evolved. We have maintained high ratings in both iOS and Android, and our app was downloaded more than 50 million times in 2020. To drive engagement from buyers on mobile, we have simplified item pages, made it easier to like or share an item and provided more exposure by creating direct access to seller stores. Additionally, we improved conversion by enhancing search relevance and streamlining sort and filter options, allowing app users to find what they are looking for faster. While we are focused on delivering our vision, we remain committed to keeping our purpose at the forefront by leveraging the power of our platform to support our communities. One way we did this last year was by helping to quickly and efficiently distribute PPE to frontline workers in the UK eBay partnered with the UKs National Health Service, the Department for Health and Social Care and logistic partners on this effort. I am proud to report that in December, the NHS PPE portal powered by eBay reached a significant milestone. Together, we delivered more than 1 billion PPE items to more than 45,000 social care providers in the UK. Another way the eBay platform provides opportunity is by enabling a thriving customer community that loves to give back. During the year that has been challenging for so many, the eBay for Charity community continues to be an inspiration. 2020 was a record-breaking year with nearly $123 million raised globally in charitable donations. The generosity showed by our buyers and sellers is amazing. The spirit of a global community centered around connection and economic opportunity for all is clearly alive and well. Over the course of 2020, eBay invested more than $100 million to support the growing needs of small businesses around the world through programs like Up & Running. These programs provided the access, training and resources needed to start selling online and connect new sellers to eBays global community of buyers. And just last quarter, we announced further assistance through Up & Running grant program. In the coming weeks, we will reward a number of eBay U.S. small business sellers a grant package worth $10,000 each. As I have mentioned in the past, at eBay, we focus our sustainability initiatives on the most impactful goals that will help strengthen our business and provide the most value to all our stakeholders. And our commitment to climate action and transparency is being recognized externally. We were once again included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World and North America indices and recognized in the Carbon Disclosure Project A List for the first time. In the past year alone, we have avoided an additional 720,000 metric tons of carbon emissions through people selling their pre-owned electronics and apparel on eBay. In summary, we are making progress on our vision to realize the enormous untapped potential of eBay, and we have a clear roadmap for 2021 and beyond. Our payments transition is on track and will largely be completed this year. Our advertising business will continue to outpace volume through promoted listings and other products. As we defend the quarter, we plan to expand our new vertical experiences to more markets and innovate in more categories. To-date, we have only touched a single-digit percentage of our global GMV, but in the coming years, that will expand to a majority of volume. To build a platform of choice for sellers, we will continue to expand the stores experience and give sellers more tools to increase velocity. We will also leverage technology to dramatically simplify the end-to-end selling process for consumer and business sellers. To create more lifelong buyer relationships, we will connect with them through new channels, deepen their engagement with the eBay app and deliver trusted experiences when they shop with us. Last but not least, we will continue to invest in product and technology, and evolve how we spend marketing in order to become the best marketplace in the world for buyers and sellers. I know we can accomplish all of this due to the fantastic team I have the privilege of leading. Our employees live our purpose in 2020, and I look forward to what we can do together for our customers in 2021 and beyond. With that, I will turn the call over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Andy?
Andy Cring: Thanks, Jamie. I will begin my prepared remarks with our Q4 financial highlights, starting on Slide 4 of the earnings presentation. In Q4, we generated $2.9 billion of revenue, $0.86 of non-GAAP EPS and $715 million of free cash flow, while returning $529 million to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends. Moving to active buyers on Slide 5, we exited the year with 185 million buyers, representing 7% year-on-year growth, a 2 point acceleration versus the third quarter. Since the end of Q1, weve added 11 million buyers to the ecosystem and are seeing retention rates in line with historical cohorts. We continue to see growth in GMV per active buyer across the buyer base. Moving to Slide 6, in Q4, we enabled $26.6 billion of marketplace GMV, up 18% year-on-year. While volume decelerated 3 points versus the third quarter, we did see modest acceleration compared to September growth rates, driven by a decrease in consumer mobility and benefits from ongoing improvements in the product experience across horizontal work streams and the progress were making in key verticals. In the U.S., we generated $9.6 billion of GMV in Q4, up 25% year-on-year, decelerating 8 points from Q3. International GMV was up 15% year-on-year, a 1 point acceleration versus the third quarter, inclusive of growth in our off-platform Korean business at 5%, accelerating 1 point from Q3. For the full year, the marketplace platform generated $100 billion of GMV, up 17% year-on-year, an acceleration of 19 points versus the prior year. Turning to revenue on Slide 7, our Q4 net revenue was $2.9 billion, up 28% organically, accelerating 2 points. We delivered $2.6 billion of transaction revenue, up 31%, accelerating 3 points from Q3, driven by our payments migration and strength in advertising. In managed payments, strong execution continued as we rapidly expanded seller migration to the new payments platform, reaching over 38% of global on-platform volume in the quarter. In addition to the higher customer satisfaction metrics that Jamie mentioned, managed payments contributed 10 points of incremental revenue growth versus 2019. Transaction take rate was 9.8% for the quarter, accelerating 40 basis points, driven by managed payments and promoted listings partially offset by FX. This is the second straight quarter with a 40 basis point increase, and we expect take rate to continue to grow as managed payments and promoted listings continue to scale. We delivered $270 million of marketing services and other revenue, up 3%, accelerating 4 points from Q3, mostly from a lower headwind from lapping the sale of brands4friends, partially offset by first-party growth in Korea, which decelerated approximately 40 points to 60% year-on-year growth. For the full year, the marketplace platform generated $10.3 billion in revenue, up 20%. Year-over-year growth was driven by higher volumes as well as strong execution in our initiatives. In advertising, we cleared $1 billion, ahead of expectations and powered by the 86% growth in promoted listings. And managed payments delivered 8 points of incremental revenue growth in the second half of the year. Turning to Slide 8 and major cost drivers, in Q4, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 28.1%. This is up approximately 20 basis points year-on-year, driven by volume leverage and growth in advertising, partially offset by reinvestments and FX. Cost of revenue was up over 1 point year-on-year, driven by managed payments and our first-party inventory program in Korea, partially offset by volume leverage. Sales and marketing expense was down approximately 50 basis points versus the prior year as volume leverage and spend efficiency were partially offset by investments in our vertical strategy and brand advertising. Product development costs were flat as volume leverage was offset by investments in the product experience, including managed payments. G&A was down approximately 70 basis points, primarily from volume leverage and cost control, partially offset by charitable donations to support the eBay Foundation. Transaction losses were down 10 basis points as bad debt rates have performed better than expected. For the year, operating margin was 31.3%, up 3 points; 2 points from volume upside, net of reinvestment; and 1 point from continued cost efficiency related to our operational review. Turning to EPS on Slide 9, in Q4, we delivered $0.86 of non-GAAP EPS, up 31% versus the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS growth was driven primarily by higher volume, a reduction in share count driven by our repurchases and growth in advertising and payments, partially offset by a higher tax rate and investments in our vertical strategy and brand advertising. For the year, we delivered 49% growth in non-GAAP EPS, primarily driven by volume, reduction in share count from our repurchase program, growth in advertising and payments in addition to continued cost efficiency, partially offset by FX, a higher tax rate and lower interest income. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $1.12, up 94% versus last year. The increase in GAAP EPS is mostly driven by the same factors of non-GAAP performance, plus the change in the value of investments, including the fair value of the Adyen warrant, partially offset by a higher tax rate. For the year, we delivered 100% growth in GAAP EPS, primarily driven by the fair value of the Adyen warrant, non-GAAP performance, our share repurchase program, partially offset by a higher tax rate. As always, you can find the detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. Moving to Slide 10, in Q4, we generated $715 million of free cash flow, up 27%, driven by higher earnings. We had a very strong year of cash generation finishing 2020 with $2.7 billion of free cash flow, a 29% increase year-on-year, driven by top line growth, improved working capital and lower CapEx, partially offset by higher cash taxes. Moving to Slide 11, for the quarter, we ended with cash and investments of $4.1 billion and debt of $7.8 billion. In Q4, we repurchased nearly 8.5 million shares at an average price of $49.46 per share, amounting to $419 million. For the year, we repurchased nearly 124 million shares at an average price of $41.31, amounting to $5.1 billion in total. We ended the year with $2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Moving to Slide 12, Id like to provide an update on our investments, starting with the pending Classifieds transaction. As Jamie said, we remain excited to bring together 2 highly complementary businesses that can create tremendous value over time. When we announced the transfer on July 20, the valuation was $9.2 billion based on a mix of cash and Adevinta shares. The share price has appreciated by over 10%, which increased the value of the Classifieds business to nearly $10.7 billion based on recent trading levels. We expect that the cash portion of the transfer will provide approximately $2 billion net of tax. And we currently expect any future sale of our stake would be a taxable event at the prevailing statutory rate. Turning to Adyen, the warrant we acquired in Q2 of 2018 is valued at $1.1 billion at the end of Q4, an increase of $770 million year-on-year. This is an additional value driver stemming from our payments initiative, incremental to the plan of at least $2 billion of transaction revenue and $500 million of operating profit that is expected in 2022. You can find more information on the Adyen warrant in our 10-K. For both of these investments, we remain excited about the optionality they provide, including the significant value each can generate for shareholders. Moving to guidance on Slide 13, given the limited visibility to potential outcomes in the longer term, we are providing guidance for the first quarter and we will reassess providing longer-term guidance at a later date. For Q1, we are projecting revenue between $2.94 billion and $2.99 billion, growing between 35% to 37% on an organic FX-neutral basis. This assumes marketplaces volume growth in the low 20s, driven by strength in e-commerce and continued improvements in our user experience. In addition, we expect further take rate expansion driven by ongoing strong execution in managed payments and advertising. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $1.03 to $1.08 per share, representing 49% to 57% growth. We expect non-GAAP EPS growth will be driven primarily by volume, lower share count, managed payments and advertising, partially offset by continued investments in product and marketing. We are expecting GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the range of $0.81 to $0.86 per share in Q1. In February, our Board approved a 13% increase to our quarterly dividend, raising it to $0.18 per share. The dividend will be payable to shareholders of record as of March 1 with the payment date of March 19. Our Board has also approved an additional share repurchase authorization of $4 billion, with no expiration, raising the total authorization to approximately $6 billion. While we arent guiding for the full year, we do want to provide some additional context for our path forward. On volume, while we are in early days, we feel great about the progress we are making on the strategy weve laid out, and believe these efforts will continue to deliver growth as we scale. In the near term, it is important to note that we will begin to lap significantly tougher comps toward the end of Q1. And looking at Q2 specifically, we will be facing into our peak level of growth in 2020, that was driven by the first wave of mobility restrictions, stimulus payments around the world and supply chain disruptions that our globally distributed sellers were well positioned to overcome. We expect revenue will continue to outpace GMV as seller migration into managed payments nears completion. And we expect ads to continue to grow faster than volume on our way to the next $1 billion. On margin, we expect to continue to drive operational efficiency, while investing into higher rates of long-term revenue growth. We maintain our commitment of delivering 2 points of margin expansion versus 2019, achieving at least 30% by 2022. We expect to deliver strong free cash flow and we will continue to return capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends while being opportunistic with strategic M&A to accelerate our core strategy. Throughout 2020, we strengthened our balance sheet by leveraging favorable market conditions to improve rates on our outstanding debt within our existing targets and tenants. We will continue to optimize our capital structure and recently announced our intention to call our retail bond that we plan to replace with debt at favorable rates in 2021. In summary, 2020 was an extraordinary year. We added $14 billion of GMV and 11 million active buyers to our ecosystem. We executed in payments and advertising, which delivered a combined 7 points of incremental revenue growth compared to GMV for the year, 13 points in the fourth quarter. We processed over 38% of on-platform GMV through managed payments in the fourth quarter while improving experiences for buyers and sellers. We cleared $1 billion in advertising in the year, highlighted by 86% growth within promoted listings. We grew non-GAAP EPS by 49%, and delivered strong free cash flow of $2.7 billion. We executed a comprehensive portfolio review, including the divestiture of StubHub for $4 billion, the pending transfer of eCG assets at a favorable valuation and announced the decision to explore options for Korea in January. We returned nearly $5.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends, repurchasing $5.1 billion of our own shares, taking advantage of a market price that we do not believe reflects the value of our company. And in these imaginably tough times, we were there to help our employees, sellers, buyers and communities while delivering strong results for our shareholders. We exit 2020 having improved the underlying health of the business by delivering on the strategy we implemented this year. And we entered 2021 focused and excited to deliver on the next phase of the strategy as we build more compelling next-gen experiences, become the partner of choice for sellers and cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with our buyers. And now, we would be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe two, if I can. Appreciate all the color on some of the vertical moves you are making, especially with respect to watches and sneakers. Can you talk a little bit just strategically about how much you already have in place to capitalize on looking  going vertical by vertical within the marketplace or how much your sort of investments you have to make to unlock the opportunity over the longer term? And then understand on what you face in the middle part of the year with respect to comping against the growth from a year ago. Can you just talk philosophically about how much you think your exit velocity is going to matter against running against that comp versus how much you might want to make investments to sustain momentum in either buyer growth or buyer behavior to sort of outrun the comp through some of the investments you might be able to make against the business or just letting sort of the market play out from a comp perspective? Thanks so much.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Thanks, Eric. Let me take the first one on verticals and then Andy can take the second. So, we invested in those verticals really based on the strategy that we laid out in July of focusing on non-new and season and opportunities where we had strength to win. And if you look at those categories being watches, sneakers, which we rolled out surely after watches and then Certified Refurbished, we saw really great growth rates. I mentioned the triple-digit growth rate that we saw in sneakers. You got to remember, this was a business that had been in decline. And so to see it as strong as this shows us the power of really focusing on those verticals and the end-to-end experience for our customers. And so while those categories represent a single-digit percentage of our GMV, the plan is to continue to roll out new category experiences from an end-to-end perspective over the course of the coming years, eventually meeting the majority of our GMV. I will add that we included another area for us in the UK, where we piloted a fashion brand outlet with 150 fashion brand sellers performed really well, double-digit growth ahead of the market and ahead of what we expected. And so that kind of gives us the confidence that the strategy is working and the confidence to continue to rollout more categories over the coming quarters and years.
Andy Cring: Yes, Eric. And then on the second part of your question on comps and investments, clearly, there is a lot of noise now with whats going on with the pandemic, but that hasnt stopped or really changed the approach we have taken towards building towards longer term growth. Its given us a little bit of a tailwind to lean in a bit on investment. But the beauty of this model is as I said in my prepared remarks, we are committed to the 30% margin and we believe that we have got a very strong plan to get there. And we feel like we have done or made great progress on the initiatives this year, exiting the year stronger, certainly stronger than we entered and stronger than we had anticipated when we entered the year as we look at the controllable aspects of growth if you peel apart what we can see from COVID-related items.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Edward Yruma: Hey, guys. Two quick ones for me. I guess first youve made some really strong strides in getting some new customers, getting them back to the platform. I guess what are you doing to kind of ensure that they arent just one and done. If its not they were buying something COVID related or buying a video game system for their kids this holiday. And as a follow-up nice to see the strength in sneakers and watches, I know you guys have a third-party authentication services, I believe. Kind of whats the scalability of those solutions as you continue to grow those businesses? Thank you. 
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So starting on the buyer ones, we acquired 11 million buyers over the course of the year. And what were seeing is that the behavior, when we look at things like frequency and retention, is not different and is as strong as weve seen in past cohorts, which means they didnt just come to us for eBay to buy a specific PPE and then we wont see them again. Were doing a good job of turning a percentage of them into enthusiasts. And what were really focused on is how do we turn them into cross-category shoppers. So as I mentioned in the remarks, a sneaker buyer who comes into eBay is going to be worth $2,500, or they end up buying $2,500 worth of GMV. But only 20% of that is in sneakers, and 80% of that will be in other categories across the site. And thats a huge advantage for us because of the cross-category nature that we have of the platform. And its also a specific focus and something that we lean into a lot is driving it. And a lot of that growth is coming from C2C, and is bringing Gen Z and millennials to the platform, which is also critical and part of our strategy. In terms of the authentication, weve ramped up the amount of authenticating were doing to now every sneaker over $100 going through the authentication platforms. And were seeing great response and great operations there. So consumers are getting their sneakers really quickly, and the authentication process is working. And look, while its a very, very small percentage of things that we find where there are issues that guarantee for customers is a huge differentiator and is a big part of whats leading to the triple-digit growth. So were leaning in a lot in terms of marketing and acquiring those customers in that category, and were excited for what were seeing.
Edward Yruma: Thank you, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Hi, guys. Just two questions. First is international, it looks like you had some nice acceleration there. You mentioned Korea, but I would guess that UK and Germany are also accelerating. And based on the guidance, its probably happening again in 1Q. So I guess, can you just walk through how much of thats like these company-specific initiatives versus just the overall kind of macro situations like mobility and lockdowns in 4Q and 1Q? And then second question is you mentioned that SEO is growing faster than paid, I think, was the comment. And that was a problem area from like 6, 7 years ago. So just, I guess, what are you doing thats new to unlock that SEO and how big could that channel be for you guys on a go-forward basis? Thank you.
Andy Cring: Got it. Hey, Ross, Ill take the first one. On Q4 dynamics and then the international versus U.S. split, it looks like theres a bit of a difference between U.S. and international growth rates, with the U.S. down 8 and international accelerating on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Thats really less an impact of what we saw in the fourth quarter and more an impact of kind of the unwind of the second quarter spike and how third quarter rates played through. So keep in mind, in the U.S. in the third quarter, the growth rate  the deceleration from Q2 was a little less. So when we look at third quarter  or fourth quarter and how it plays through into the first, its really for us more what we saw  what weve seen since September with some acceleration really in all  basically all countries around the world. And thats played through to the first quarter, and its implied in the acceleration you see in our Q1 guidance. So clearly, mobility plays a large role in sustaining a level of growth and driving a bit of acceleration. But again, the initiatives were working on and the progress weve made with regards to product and marketing and managed payments and search contribute as well to the acceleration on a quarter-over-quarter basis. But clearly, the majority of thats going to be mobility driven, but underlying performance is better.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. And Id say on the SEO, look, theres a number of things that weve been doing in terms of how we structure our listings and work with our content and designers that actually specifically drives it. There was some Google algorithmic change which we benefited from. And weve been doing some upper funnel, specifically in targeted verticals, which we think helps some of our lower-funnel activity. I think the important thing to remember is, in general, 80% of our traffic on the site is organic and people coming to us directly, and thats really one of the strengths and assets of eBay. But certainly, the SEO is helping us with our initiatives to drive cross-category purchase and drive consideration.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Alright. Great. Thanks guys. Congrats on the quarter. Im going to follow up again on cross-marketing, just to understand how new this initiative is, if its something youve been working on throughout 2020 and if you have any metrics on maybe the number of cross-category purchases. And then secondly, I know there is some more focus on the competitive landscape. Perhaps you guys could comment on how you are perceiving the landscape with some call them up and coming marketplaces that cross some of your key categories? Alright, thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, on the cross-marketing, I think its been important for eBay. Since I was here the first time, it continues to be a really important thing when you look at driving the CLTV of our buyers. If I go back to the sneaker example, I talked about the 80% outside the category, and that represents them purchasing in 10 categories out of that core category. I would even broaden that question to say, were really studying a lot that first kind of 90-day experience for a customer and looking at all the things that drive the retention of them. And so getting them to download the mobile app, getting them to shop across category, getting them to watch or save items and really driving more of our marketing technology to align to driving the retention of the buyers. And thats why we are excited to see that. A big reason why we also focused on C2C selling is because if we acquire that buyer to come in as a buyer and then we get them to just do any kind of casual selling, they become 2x to 2.5x more valuable to us as a buyer. So really that whole kind of introductory life cycle and being really algorithmic, and using our best data science and AI, really working on our marketing technology to be able to leverage that more is a key focus for us. And look, on the competitive landscape, we feel great about our positioning. We significantly improved the NPS of our experiences, especially in those focused verticals that we talked about. And were seeing really good feedback from buyers and sellers. And thats always the leading indicator is that CSAT and NPS performance and whats happening there. And so that, combined with the payment CSAT stuff were seeing where sellers that are moving to our payments 2.0, our managed payments platform, have a 10 point higher NPS, is making us feel really good about where our competitive positioning is. And last thing Id say is just thinking about the scale, right? So we talked about $14 billion GMV that we grew year-on-year last year. Thats more than the last 7 years combined. Thats more than most vertical competitors would do in a year, we grew more than that amount. So being able to leverage those 185 million buyers, and have their purchasing cross-category is a huge and unique asset for eBay.
Colin Sebastian : Great. Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you. So I think, Jamie, previous management teams have talked about looking at managing the amount of page real estate dedicated to promoted listings for system or legacy forms of advertising. So are you yet in a place where youve had to make those types of trade-off decisions in terms of one versus the other? And secondly, you recently announced the rollout of managed payments to both merchants and buyers in China. So I think part of the benefit of working with Adyen has been that you can accept different forms of online payment, which you probably couldnt do before. And this theoretically should help you take down some of the friction against cross-border trades. So does this help you think about potentially expanding your customer acquisition funnel as well? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So first, on the advertising business, feel great about hitting the $1 billion milestone. As we look at it, a lot of that growth is being driven by the growth of promoted listings. And as we analyze it, were seeing better seller penetration of people coming on the platform, better technology and tools in terms of our ability to do relevance, and were not seeing it degrade the buyer experience, which is what gives us comfort that when we look at it in total being 1% of our total GMV that we have the opportunity to continue to have advertising growth faster than our GMV on the platform, and really based on that strength of promoted listings. On your question on managed payments, absolutely, its a huge part of the win is really streamlining the payment process and providing more payment options. Cross-border trade for us has always been a great business, a really unique business to eBay and specifically in the Greater China corridor and helps us bring on new buyers to the platform and a different type of inventory. So between what were doing in terms of speed pack and some of the forward deployed inventory, plus now as we expand payments to Greater China, we think that will help a number of the quarters in terms of our cross-border trade business.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Forte with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Thomas Forte: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So you sort of touched on this in the prepared remarks, but I was hoping you could give a little more of an answer on it. So youve made a number of changes to your operating assets over the last 18 months, wanted to get additional details on your thoughts on your long-term capital allocation strategy, including M&A, buybacks and dividends? And on the M&A part, are you looking more for tuck-ins or would you be looking for something more of a growth-type asset, too? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, there is really nothing different about our thinking towards capital allocation. Our model gives us the flexibility to both invest back in our business organically and opportunistically to look at M&A as well as return capital to shareholders. Our business generates a high amount of free cash flow. We have a strong balance sheet. And I think we have a track record of both exercising discipline in our portfolio as well as maximizing value for shareholders. So well continue to look opportunistically at M&A and do so for tech and talent or areas that we believe are going to accelerate the strategy that we laid out in July. Andy, do you want to add anything to that?
Andy Cring: Yes. I mean, I think the only thing Id add is, while we do  its a pretty active playing field with whats coming with eCG and the like. I think if you look at historically what weve done with StubHub and some of the things in the past, you can expect it will be consistent in what weve done. Our tenants and targets are unchanged. And our number focus is do what we can to invest back in the business to grow organically, look at M&A, where it helps us to do that. We remain committed to shareholder return. And I just expect us to continue to do that.
Thomas Forte: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Champion with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Tom Champion: Great. Good afternoon. Weve done survey work here that reflects a rising interest in pre-owned goods among Gen Z and the millennial cohort. Just curious if you are seeing this trend reflected in your new buyer growth as well, whether you would kind of agree with that? And then maybe just a second question around advertising. There are clearly some larger Internet platforms saying iOS changes will make small business advertising more difficult and degrade ROI this year. And just curious if you think this represents an opportunity for eBay to step in and offer a solution among SMBs? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So, first on the Gen Z and millennials, absolutely, its a huge area of why we are focused on pre-owned not only because of the attractiveness there, but also just the impact on the planet. If you look at the numbers that we talked about from saving 720,000 metric tons of carbon emission, we recently did a survey, it probably sounds like much of the survey that youve done. And what we saw is that 72% of our sellers that come and start selling on the platform are doing so because they need to earn a little bit of extra money and some percentage of those are actually because they lost their job, and so theyre looking for opportunities on just making money on the platform. The other thing thats important to remember is that we believe that people have about $4,000 of items in their house that they can sell, less than 20% of that is online. And so theres a huge kind of social element which were leaning into as part of that, but definitely a focus on the Gen Z millennials. And youre seeing that in sneakers, youre seeing that in what we did with our brand fashion outlet in the U.K., and youll see us continue to focus on attracting that customer to the platform.
Operator: Your next question comes from Youssef Squali with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Jamie Iannone: And before you do, I forgot that I didnt answer your advertising question. So let me just cover that one real quickly. So look, we believe that ads is beneficial for us because we essentially have a closed platform. Were able to drive the majority of that growth through promoted listings, where we actually can see the actual relevance, the implications, the click-throughs, all of the data that makes that impactful. So yes, that gives us, I think, a lot of bullishness in terms of the future opportunity for us in advertising, especially since were only penetrated at 1% of GMV. And we think there is opportunities to continue to expand the number of sellers that use the platform as well as build new capabilities to make that platform even more attractive with some new tools, etcetera, which youll see over the coming quarters and coming years.
Youssef Squali: Can you hear me?
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Go ahead. Sorry about that.
Youssef Squali: Excellent. Hey, no, thanks a lot. Thank you for taking the question. I just have a two-part question. One, if I look at Slide 6, the GMV breakdown, it looks like U.S. GMV was up 25% year-on-year, which is pretty impressive. If I look at it on a sequential basis, it was actually slightly down in a seasonally strong quarter. I was wondering if you can expand on that. And then related to that, as I look at your guidance for Q1 kind of whats baked into your guidance in terms of the mix between U.S. growth versus international? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: I think it was just about U.S. versus international for Q1 guidance.
Andy Cring: Yes. Ill take that one first. Just on the  its a little similar to the question earlier. Based on the trends we saw in the fourth quarter, kind of the movement in U.S. versus international was relatively similar. So as we look into Q1, what weve seen thus far in the quarter and therefore implied in the guide is similar movements by country, so no real difference U.S. and international in terms of quarter-over-quarter dynamics. And then the first question, was it U.S. GMV only the deceleration?
Youssef Squali: Yes, yes, yes. Its basically shown on Slide 6, yes.
Andy Cring: That one again  yes, sorry, Youssef. That one, I think, again, if you  is less an issue  or less a component of Q4 activity as much as it is a hangover in Q3 of the spike in Q2. So the U.S.  I mean we had clearly a very large volume spike in the second quarter. Volume in the U.S. hung in longer in the third quarter, partially as a result of stimulus, partially as a result of some of the supply chain disruption. And then as that slowed down through the end of the third quarter, some of thats what youre seeing play through in the quarter-over-quarter dynamics. But as I said, from September on, the activity by country has been relatively similar.
Youssef Squali: Got it. Andy, thats helpful. Thanks, Andy. Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Bob Drbul: Hey, guys. Just a couple of quick questions really. On the 7% increase in buyers, what would you put in the largest factors to the new buyers during this period versus what weve seen over the last I dont know 9 to 12 months? And I guess the second question is just, are you seeing any change in Buy It Now versus the auction type buying with the consumer? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. Sure, Bob. So look, the increase in buyer is, in part, doing a lot of the strategic work that were doing and the focus verticals, you saw us do more marketing in the quarter, really talking about some of the new capabilities that we have out there. And we leaned in from a reinvestment standpoint to not only acquire those buyers, but to really to work on driving the retention of those buyers into our key platforms. So obviously, in a number of countries, its also pandemic-related relative to mobility, but weve also been leaning in to kind of take advantage of that and drive their cohort curves. And weve been impressed that weve been seeing from that perspective. In terms of the makeup of different format, Buy It Now remains the vast majority of whats on the platform. We do see strength in auctions in areas like collectibles, which is a category thats growing strong for us. But not only does Buy It Now remains strong, but weve innovated over the years in things like best offer and in seller-initiated offers. And seller-initiated offers, as an example, is almost the inverse the best offer. Best offer is the buyer making an offer. Sellers can actually make specific individual offers to sellers who have interacted with one of their products, and were doing $1.2 billion already in that. Its one of the unique elements of the eBay platform as auctions, best offers, seller-initiated offers are all ways for buyers and sellers to get to a negotiated price on the platform. But overall, Buy It Now still remains the vast majority of the business.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you very much.
Joe Billante: Hey, operator, we got time for one more.
Operator: Our final question will come from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question. I have two. Just the first one, Jim, I appreciate all the color around sort of the way you are studying the first 90 days of experience of the consumers and sort of the 80% of the traffic that comes organically. Id be curious to hear about, in the U.S., talk to us about what youve seen as being the one or two key categories that have been the biggest enablers of the new people who have come to the platform. And how have you seen that change from last spring to now. Which categories are sort of driving the new people to the category? Then secondly, just as we think about the advertising business, just talk to us about qualitatively what types of investments you still see yourself needing to make internally to sort of ensure that the advertising business is set up to continue to scale and deliver value for the merchants? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So look, the buying behavior that we saw over the course of the year, it started in PPE equipment, then went to kind of stuff that people needed to work-from-home or stay-at-home, things like fitness equipment and laptops and that type of thing. But after that, it was really broad-based and continues to be broad-based in terms of where were acquiring buyers. So, from everything from people spending time with their hobbies and parts and accessories or fixing up their cars to Certified Refurbished on what we are doing there, we are definitely seeing strength in buyer acquisition and the focused verticals that we have been talking about. So like apparel that we worked on in the quarter with the brand fashion outlet and in the areas that we announced in the U.S. and we will be expanding globally. So more important for us is not where we acquire them, but getting really smart and using a lot of AI about whats the best second category, how were using all of our tools and capabilities across marketing and the apps and the websites to get them to interact in different parts of the business. And thats where I think about it just getting a little bit better every single day in how were able to do that is going to be what continues to help drive those numbers. From an ads perspective, were focused on the tools and capabilities to make it easier for sellers to use the product to give them templating and reporting of how its doing and be able to have that closed-loop ROI on the spend that they have on the platform to make it more applicable to C2C sellers and make it really easy there, because obviously if you think about a sophisticated B2C seller, its easier to interact with and much easier understands in advertising product. So, thats a big component of what were doing. And then also just building new algorithms and relevance and machine learning into are we displaying the best thing to the buyers. So we continue to expand the program while not degrading the buying experience and, ideally, enhancing the buyer experience through what were doing on our advertising products. So what youll see is just continued quarter-after-quarter innovation in that product to help us keep the  grow the  and reach the potential of the product and have it continue to outpace GMV for the near and medium term.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thanks, Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers. Ill now turn the call back over to the company for closing remarks.
Joe Billante: Alright. I think were all set. We can close the call. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the eBay Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Joe Billante, VP of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Joe Billante: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2020. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer and Andy Cring; our interim Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Andy's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Jamie's and Andy's remarks represent FX neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements including without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 28, 2020 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks Joe and good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today I'll walk you through some of the key highlights from the quarter and update you [technical difficulty] of the company. Then I will turn the call over to Andy to discuss our recent performance and near-term outlook. Before I do that, I'd like to take a moment and reflect on a major milestone eBay passed last month. 25 years ago during Labor Day Weekend, our Founder Pierre launched eBay as a technology experiment. The aspiration was to create an open, fair, and trusted marketplace that empowered people and created [ph] economic opportunities for all. Since our inception, eBay pioneered online shopping, has become an iconic brand that has shaped the modern e-commerce landscape. We are very proud of our accomplishments and today we connect over 183 million buyers to nearly 90 million sellers around the world in a broad and diverse set of categories. We are operating during historic times when our buyers and sellers need us most, while supporting our employees who are working hard to meet the needs of our customers and adjusting [ph] to their own reality. As we look ahead to the next 25 years, our business become the best global marketplace to buy and sell goods through our tech lead re-imagination [technical difficulty]. I will come back to this in a moment, but first let me talk about our most recent achievements. In the third quarter, we delivered strong results. Earlier this month, we updated how we report classified [ph], but to be clear on apples-to-apples basis, we performed better than expectations on both the top and bottom-lines. Gross merchandise volume and marketplace 21%. To put that in perspective, we added over 4 billion in volume in Q3 versus last year, more than many businesses do annually. Active buyers increased over 183 million globally, organic revenue grew faster than volume, up 26% driven by payments and advertising. Migration made significant progress in Q3 and is giving [ph] buyers and sellers a simplified end-to-end experience. Starting with five of our largest markets, we focused first on transitioning business sellers to the payments form. As a result, we ended the quarter with over 340,000 sellers migrated. During the quarter, eBay managed payments for over 20% of on platform volume. Additionally, we informed sellers that we are expanding manage payments to France, Italy, and Spain in early 2021. And we will begin to migrate consumer sellers in Q4 in the U.S. We remain on track and expecting the vast majority of our transition by the end of next year. So, our feedback has been encouraging as NPS from sellers [technical difficulty] payments has averaged more than 10 points higher than the NPS of sellers who have yet to migrate. Buyers love the flexibility, choice, and ease of use. We're seeing new and reactivated buyers, ultimate forms of payment, like credit and debit cards, Google pay and Apple Pay across the majority of their purchases. We were confident that we are on pace to deliver $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in income [technical difficulty] basis by 2022. Advertising growth continues to be driven by promoted listings, which continue to outpace volumes, a trend we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. In the third quarter, promoted listings delivered $186 million of revenue, up 77%. We are providing sellers with more data-driven recommendations to optimize their ad conversion, while we test and build more technology features to drive future growth and position eBay [technical difficulty]. Now turning to Classifieds. We believe that the transfer of Classifieds [technical difficulty] is on track to be completed in Q1 2021 subject to regulatory approvals. We're excited to bring together the two highly complementary businesses that can create tremendous value over time. The market agrees as evidenced by the appreciation of Adevinta share price, which increased in value of eBay from $9.2 billion to over $11 billion based on recent trading levels. As you may recall, last quarter, I outlined a long-term vision for eBay. Through a tech-lead re-imagination, we realize the enormous untapped potential of our marketplace and drive sustainable long-term growth. We have three strategic priorities to support this vision. First, to defend our core by better compelling next gen experiences for RCVs. Second, to become the partner of choice for sellers, and third, to cultivate lifelong trusted relationships with our buyers. We are in the first phase of multiyear journey that many improvements for buyers and sellers yet to come. But over the past quarter, we were able to take several steps towards realizing this vision decision. As I mentioned, our first priority is all about defending our core business. Our focus here is on non-newest using products and simplifying consumer selling. We're taking a holistic view of customer needs, responding and launching features to address those needs, and rapidly changing the approach leveraging scalable technology across [technical difficulty] categories. A great example of that is the series of changes we made to our luxury watch category. Recently, we launched authenticity guarantee on all watches above $2,000. [ph]. This increases confidence both buyers and sellers. Buyers can do a meticulous verification by third-party experts and sellers are protected from [technical difficulty] returns. In addition, we announced an [technical difficulty] for high-dollar transactions plus new app content for watch enthusiast and we also reduce fees for sellers. While this service is still in its early stages, we starting to see a modest increase in supply and higher average selling prices. We've also turned our focus to the sneakers category, which attracts passionate enthusiast, particularly GenZ and Millennials. In the US, sneaker GMV has significantly improved from a year ago. These buyers and sellers bring tremendous value to our ecosystem. An average sneaker buyer purchases in 10 unique categories each year more than double the amount of other eBay buyers. Leveraging similar technology launched in watches, we expanded the authenticity guarantee to sneakers. We're requiring all collectible sneakers both new and pre-owned above $100 to be verified by a team of independent third-party industry experts. The program kicked off with the authentication of our most popular brands and styles and will scale that all sneakers sales over $100 next year. A year ago, we were losing share in this important category. But now we're seeing over 50% [technical difficulty] growth year-to-date and that was before launching the authenticity guarantee. And just last week, we announced the launch of new elevated experience for certified refurbished product. We see tens of billions of dollars in untapped potential in the global refurbished market. Through our new certified refurbished program, buyers can save up to 50% unlike new branded inventory with all the assurances of buying new including a two-year warranty, eBay money back guarantee, and hassle free 30 day returns. We are launching this program in partnership with globally recognized brands, including [technical difficulty] and Fila, that was all certified refurbished inventory exclusively on eBay, not only does this program help with buyers budgets leading into the holiday season, it also helps to eliminate unnecessary waste by keeping products in circulation for many years to come. We see a long runway to accelerate GMV growth given the $500 billion global total addressable market, we are competing for, but it will take time. By leveraging scalable technology, we can uniquely address the needs of customers across a diverse mix of categories in electronics, fashion, collectibles, home and garden, parts and accessories, and more. Moving on to the second key priority of our vision, becoming the platform of choice for sellers. Over the past three months, in addition to enhancements in managed payments and advertising, we continue to leverage the scale of eBay to benefit small businesses. We worked closely with UPS to offer new shipping services for sellers on our platform. In addition to a direct integration with eBay labels, sellers now have access to discounted rates saving them time and money. Sellers also have access to order details, customer information, label printing and shipment tracking all in one place and buyers benefit from lower shipping costs and integrated tracking. Additionally, we are supporting seller profitability during the upcoming holiday season by working with the carriers on our platform to eliminate peak season shipping surcharges on eBay. Recently, we rolled out--
Joe Billante: Can you pause for one second? We're getting some feedback on the line, we're working through, a technical issue, can you give us a moment. [technical difficulty]
Jamie Iannone: Hi, in the midst of repeating myself, I'm going to go back a little bit just to make sure, because I understand the line got fuzzy which we apologize about the technical difficulties. So, we also turned our focus to the sneakers category, which attracts passionate enthusiast, particularly GenZ and Millennials. In the U.S., sneaker GMV has significantly improved from a year ago. These buyers and sellers bring tremendous value to our ecosystem. An average sneaker buyer purchases in 10 unique categories each year more than double the amount of other eBay buyers. Leveraging similar technology launched in watches, we expanded the authenticity guarantee to sneakers. We required all collectible sneakers both new and pre-owned above $100 to be verified by a team of independent third-party industry experts. The program kicked off with the authentication of our most popular brands and styles and will scale that all sneakers sales over $100 next year. A year ago we were losing share in this important category. But now we're seeing over 50% GMV growth year-to-date and that was before launching the authenticity guarantee. And just last week, we announced the launch of new elevated experience for certified refurbished product. We see tens of billions of dollars in untapped potential in the global refurbished market.  Through our new certified refurbished program, buyers can save up to 50% unlike new branded inventory with all the assurances of buying new including a two-year warranty, eBay money back guarantee, and hassle free 30 day returns. We are launching this program in partnership with globally recognized brands, including De'Longhi, Dirt Devil, Hoover, Nikita, and Fila, that was all certified refurbished inventory exclusively on eBay, not only does this program help with buyers budgets leading into the holiday season, it also helps to eliminate unnecessary waste by keeping products in circulation for many years to come. We see a long runway to accelerate GMV growth given the $500 billion global TAM, we are competing for, but it will take time. By leveraging scalable technology we can uniquely address the needs of customers across a diverse mix of categories in electronics, fashion, collectibles, home and garden, parts and accessories, and more. Moving on to the second key priority of our vision, becoming the platform of choice for sellers. Over the past three months, in addition to enhancements in managed payments and advertising, we continue to leverage the scale of eBay to benefit small businesses. We worked closely with UPS to offer new shipping services for sellers on our platform. In addition to a direct integration with eBay label, sellers now have access to discounted rates saving them time and money. Sellers also have access to order details, customer information, label printing and shipment tracking all in one place. And buyers benefit from lower shipping costs and integrated tracking. Additionally, we are supporting seller profitability during the upcoming holiday season by working with the carriers on our platform to eliminate peak season shipping surcharges on eBay. Recently, we rolled out an upgraded communication system that allows buyers and sellers to connect securely on our platform. Also, we have provided small businesses, a new marketing tool to drive traffic back to their eBay stores through our affiliate platform. And just in time for the holidays, last month, we expanded the time away functionality, making it easier for sellers to update their listings and protect their on-time delivery record while providing buyers more accurate shipping estimates. Looking forward, we are embarking on a multi-quarter journey to improve selling flows that leverage more AI capabilities to dramatically simplify selling and drive more growth for small businesses. The third key priority of our strategy is to cultivate lifelong trusted relationship with buyers. To achieve this, we are leveraging technology to remove friction throughout the buying journey. In Q3, we improved search results, which would lead to material increases in conversion by including more behavioral data, we were able to optimize machine learning algorithms at the top of the funnel that led to improved buyer engagement and ultimately, led to increased purchases. These technology advances generate significant impact, as every incremental point of conversion creates almost $1 billion more GMV annually. More importantly, buyers are discovering the items they are searching for in faster and simpler way. Another way we are building trusted relationships with buyers is by improving our shipping tracking. In the U.K. and Australia, we developed a unique new capability to implement virtual tracking for Royal Mail and Australia Post leading to significant increases in tracking coverage. Sellers do not have to explicitly provide information and buyers can track orders with confidence. We will continue to invest in the buyer experience and marketing technology capabilities as we work to foster lifelong trusted relationships with buyers. Finally, an area that I and the team are extremely passionate about is doing good for our communities around the world. We focused initiatives on the sustainability issues material for the long-term strength of our business. And where we can be most impactful to our stakeholders. We have measurable and transparent goals to alert, evaluate our progress and to hold ourselves accountable to these important milestones. Such as driving more circular commerce getting to 100% renewable energy by 2025 and raising significant amounts for charitable causes. We began eBay for Charity in 2003 to make it easier for customers to support their favorite charities, since then we've raised over $1 billion for charities around the world. And we're working hard on our goal of another $600 million raised by 2025. In Q3, eBay for Charity began working alongside international artists through a campaign called Artists Band Together. We are helping to raise funds for organizations that work to increase voter turnout for the upcoming U.S. elections. Additionally, eBay Foundation reached its $1 million Kiva lending goal to support global untapped entrepreneurs through an employee micro-lending initiatives. At eBay, everything we do ties back to our purpose of creating economic opportunity for all and I'm very proud of our team for keeping this in the forefront especially during these remarkable times. So, in summary, we have a clear vision to realize the enormous untapped potential of eBay, while we have made meaningful progress in Q3, we still have a long way to go. We are investing in technology and focused on delivering the best marketplace in the world for buyers and sellers. And I want to thank all of our employees who have been working diligently to support our customers by bringing our tech led re-imagination to life. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Andy?
Andy Cring: Thanks Jamie and thank you all for joining today. Before I walk you through the results for the quarter, I'm going to take a few minutes to provide some additional context on the financial reporting impact of moving our Classifieds business to discontinued operations. With that designation, our reported results reflect only the performance of our marketplace business. The Q3 results for Classifieds are reflected in GAAP EPS from discontinued operations. You can find the presentation of historical financial statements, recap to the current presentation in the Form 8-K we published on October 1st. When we last provided guidance in July, Classifieds was included in both our Q3 and full year 2020 guidance assumptions. On slide four, you will see a refreshed look at what our July guidance would have been if we had excluded Classifieds. This will help create an apples-to-apples comparison versus our Q3 results reported today. Let me quickly walk -- let me quickly walk you through the numbers. Adjusting for the Classifieds impact to our July guidance, the implied Q3 guide for marketplaces was between $2.38 billion and $2.45 billion of revenue growing 16% to 19% on an organic FX-neutral basis, and non-GAAP EPS between $0.68 and $0.74 per share, representing 31% to 42% growth. On slide five, we've made a similar adjustment for our full year guide. Adjusting for Classifieds, the implied full year 2020 guide for marketplaces revenue was between $9.59 billion and $9.78 billion, growing 14% to 16% on an organic FX-neutral basis. Operating margin in the range of 30% to 31%, non-GAAP EPS between $3.04 and $3.16 per share, and GAAP EPS between $2.51 and $2.66 per share. And finally, free cash flow adjust to the range of $2.2 billion to $2.35 billion. With that, I will move on to our current quarter results. Turning to our Q3 highlights on slide six. In Q3, we delivered revenue of $2.6 billion, up 26% on an organic FX-neutral basis. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.85, up 64%. Both were significantly above our expectations. Non-GAAP margin came in strong at 30.7%, inclusive of our ongoing investment in managed payments. We generated $584 million of free cash flow. We executed $700 million of share repurchases, and delivered $111 million in cash dividends in the quarter. Our Q3 over-performance was driven by a number of factors including our migration to managed payments, strong execution in advertising and volume growth ahead of our expectations. Based on our Q3 results and an improved topline outlook for the fourth quarter, we are raising our full year guidance, which I will cover in more detail in the guidance section. Moving to active buyers on slide seven, we ended the third quarter with 183 million active buyers representing 5% year-on-year growth, consistent with the second quarter. New and reactivated buyers continue to drive year-on-year growth. We continue to see strength in GMV per active buyer across all cohorts in Q3. While we initially saw stronger activity levels from buyers acquired in Q1 and Q2, those buyers are now trending toward behavior more consistent with historical cohorts. Moving to slide eight, in Q3, we enabled $25 billion of marketplace GMV, up 21% year-on-year, decelerating eight points versus the prior quarter as global mobility continue to improve, particularly in our international on-platform markets. In the U.S., we generated $9.8 billion of GMV, up 33% year-on-year, decelerating two points from the second quarter. Growth was at its peak in July and then moderated through August and September driven in part by the wind down of government stimulus payments even as residential mobility remained relatively constant. International GMV was up 14% year-on-year, a 12 point deceleration versus the second quarter driven by moderation in Germany and the U.K. We saw strong ongoing correlation between mobility restrictions and GMV growth across our international markets, where the most pronounced growth deceleration occurred in markets with the biggest increases in mobility. In our off-platform Korean business, growth was 4%, decelerating one point from the second quarter. Looking closer at volume, we continue to assess the impact of COVID to better understand the overall performance of our business. We have seen modestly improved underlying performance versus our pre-COVID 2020 plan driven by increased velocity and product experience improvements and ongoing tailwind from the recent increases in our active buyer base. In addition, we've seen temporary COVID-related growth acceleration in GMV that we expect will continue to moderate as mobility increases over time. And with this component being the biggest wild card in terms of magnitude and timing, it remains difficult to predict results beyond the near-term. Turning to revenue on slide nine, our net revenue was $2.6 billion, up 26% organically, decelerating two points. We delivered $2.4 billion of transaction revenue, up 28% down five points from the second quarter with strength in payments and advertising partially offsetting the deceleration in GMV. Looking closer at managed payments, the increased seller adoption and high customer satisfaction that Jamie mentioned that's five points of incremental revenue growth versus 2019 on a continuing operations basis. Approximately one point better than anticipated. Transaction take rate was 9.4% for the quarter, accelerating nearly 40 basis points from Q2, primarily from the ramp of managed payments and the continued strength in promoted listings. We expect take rate to continue to increase further as managed payments and promoted listings continue to scale. We delivered $251 million of marketing services and other revenue, down 1% accelerating 15 points from the second quarter, mostly from a lower headwind from lapping the sale of best for friends in the middle of Q3 2019 and our first-party growth in Korea. Turning to slide 10 and major cost drivers as a percentage of revenue. In Q3, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 30.7%. This is approximately 4 points higher year-on-year, driven by volume leverage, partially offset by continuing investments in managed payments and strategic reinvestments. Cost of revenue was down nearly 20 basis points year-on-year as volume leverage is partially offset by managed payments and are expanding first-party inventory program in Korea. Sales and marketing expense was down over two points versus the prior year as volume leverage was partially offset by strategic reinvestments in online marketing brand and our vertical strategy. Product development costs were down approximately 10 basis points, driven by volume leverage, partially offset by incremental investments in the product experience including managed payments. G&A was down nearly 40 basis points, primarily from leverage and cost control. Transaction losses were down one point as bad debt rates have performed better than expected. Turning to EPS on slide 11, in Q3, we delivered $0.85 of non-GAAP EPS, up 64% versus the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS growth was driven primarily by higher revenue growth and our share repurchase program, partially offset by our investment in managed payments and FX. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.88, up 250% versus last year. The increase in GAAP EPS is mostly driven by the change in fair value of the Adyen warrant and the same factors as non-GAAP performance, in addition to lapping the divestiture of brands for friends. The value of the Adyen warrant stands at $777 million at the end of Q3, an increase of $573 million year-over-year. This is an additional value driver stemming from our payments initiative, incremental to the $2 billion of transaction revenue and $500 million of operating profit that is expected in 2022. You can find more information on the Adyen warrant and our 10-Q, and as always, you can find a detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. Moving to slide 12, we generated $584 million of free cash flow in Q3 down 18% driven by the timing of cash taxes, partially offset by higher earnings. Year-to-date through the third quarter, our free cash flow was $1.9 billion up nearly 30% year-on-year. Moving to slide 13, we ended the quarter with $4.1 billion in cash and investments, and debt of $7.8 billion. In Q3, we paid down over $900 million in debt, bringing our total debt, back to the 2019 year-end balance of $7.8 billion. This completes actions taken in 2020 to strengthen our balance sheet by leveraging the favorable market conditions to improve rates on our outstanding debt. Additionally, we paid over $700 million in income taxes from the divestiture of StubHub which is presented in operating cash flow from discontinued operations, leaving approximately $250 million to pay in Q4. We returned $111 million to shareholders and dividends in the quarter. We executed $700 million in share buybacks in Q3, bringing our total share buyback to $4.7 billion so far this year. We entered Q4 with $2.5 billion in share repurchase authorization remaining. Our capital allocation strategy and key tenets and targets have not changed. We remain committed to maintaining our BBB plus credit rating, mid-term leverage of approximately one and a half times net debt and gross debt below three times EBITDA, and a target cash balance of approximately $3.5 billion. We also remain committed to our dividend. Moving to slide 14, I'd like to provide an update on the pending Classifieds transaction. We remain excited about this deal as it allows us to realize near-term value while enabling us to participate in the future upside potential of the world's largest online classifieds company. We are on track to close the deal in Q1 subject to regulatory approvals. When we announced the deal on July 20, the valuation was $9.2 billion based on a mix of cash and net of shares. The share price has appreciated by over 30% which increases the value of the Classifieds business to over $11 billion based on recent trading levels. Finally, we expect that the cash portion of the deal will provide approximately $2 billion net of tax. And we currently expect any potential future sale of shares would be a taxable event at the prevailing statutory rate. Turning to slide 15, in guidance. We continue to operate in an environment with low visibility which proves to be very difficult when trying to provide guidance. Each month, sometimes each week reveals new external drivers that can have a material impact on consumer behavior. The dynamics we faced in Q3 were different from what we've faced in Q2 and it's clear that Q4 will be different than what we experienced in Q3. The shape and speed of pandemic recovery, the strength of the holiday season and the size and timing of potential government stimulus programs are among the many variables that could have a significant impact on our outlook. For Q4, we are projecting revenue between $2.64 billion and $2.71 billion, growing 19% to 22% on an organic FX-neutral basis. This assumes marketplace volume growth at low double-digit rates with gradual moderation through the quarter. We expect managed payments to continue to deliver revenue acceleration contributing approximately eight points to Q4 revenue at the midpoint of our guide, driven by continued seller migration. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.78 to $0.84 per share, representing 18% to 27% growth. Non-GAAP EPS growth is driven primarily by volume and lower share count partially offset by continuing investments in technology and marketing. We are expecting GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the range of $0.58 to $0.64 per share in Q4. After adjusting for Classifieds moved to discontinued operations, this Q4 guide represents a material improvement on volume, revenue, and non-GAAP EPS versus our expectations back in July. For the full year, our revenue guidance is $10.04 billion to $10.11 billion, representing an organic FX-neutral growth rate of 19% to 20%, driven by an improved GMV outlook and continued scaling of managed payments and advertising. We expect operating margin to be in the range of 31% to 31.5% with the non-GAAP effective tax rate of 15% to 16%. With the above dynamics, we expect non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.34 to $3.40 per share driven by Q3 over performance and an improved topline outlook for the fourth quarter. We now expect free cash flow of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion, capex in the range of 4% to 5% of revenue, and we are increasing our outlook on share repurchases to approximately $5 billion for the full year. Finally, we expect GAAP EPS from continuing operations in the range of $3 to $3.06 per share. In closing, we are excited about the progress we've made this quarter. Externally, the macro environment is helping to drive strong business performance. Internally, with the leadership team now solely focused on the marketplaces business, we're making progress with our new strategy. We're pleased by the increase in speed of execution demonstrated by our launching authenticity guarantee across multiple categories, rolling out our certified refurbish program, expanding shipping services, and tracking and helping buyers find items in faster and simpler ways. We're doing all of this while delivering on our revenue growth initiatives of managed payments and advertising which are both becoming critical material pieces of our financial architecture. Our margin commitments remain in place and we're on track to deliver at least two points of operating margin growth by 2022 as compared with 2019. As we've said in the past, we will continue to balance topline growth and margin expansion as we find new opportunities we will capitalize on them to drive growth. We remain focused on improving the underlying health of the marketplaces business. And as we've mentioned, this is going to be a multi-year journey. Although it's early, the results tell us, we're on the right track furthering our conviction to compete and win in the $0.5 trillion total addressable market we're focused on. And now, Jamie and I would be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Devitt of Stifel. Your line is open.
Scott Devitt: Hi, and thank you. In Q3, items sold decelerated a bit more than GMV. I was wondering what caused that, whether it's some changes in ASP driven by category mix or was there some other factor at play there? And then secondly, this was partly answered but, in 4Q, I think you fully comp the sales tax collection implementation. It was 600 basis point headwind in 4Q '19. You did just a 22% in Q3. And I think that also had a 3% headwind in it. It does seem like we're going to have limited mobility again this quarter certainly in the U.S. and there were some announcements today in certain countries in Europe. In 4Q, you guided to low-double-digit GMV growth, I'm just wondering is there anything that you're seeing in the business that is leading to that or is that just more as you discussed a bit on the call staying consistent with this conservative approach of guidance given the uncertain business conditions, it seems to have been the case on the 1Q and 2Q guide as well. Thank you.
Andy Cring: I'll start with the question on guide and Scott, to your point, there is new information coming out on a daily basis, which makes this tough. I think the way that we've looked at it, clearly, there is multiple factors moving that can influence our volume outlook for the quarter. It's really hard to predict how any of them will play out and certainly to try to itemize which pieces we've included for which amount. We can't do at this point. What we have tried to do with our guide is compile what we've learned through the third quarter and what we've seen. And it implies a continued growth moderation in the fourth quarter following what we saw in the third, and what we're seeing the beginning of the fourth with regards to consumer behavior and mobility. What we provided, I wouldn't call it conservative, I think it's our best outlook based on the combination of these factors, and certainly any one of those could change and could impact our results. On the -- I think you called it right on the sold items, there's GMV and category mix and similar to what you see on buyers and what you see on GMV there's just a magnitude of things changing on a quarter-over-quarter basis given the breadth of categories that we have in the different price tranches. I think you called it, right.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Kramer of Arete Research. Your line is open.
Richard Kramer: Thank you very much. Jamie, I've got two questions. The first is, I'd like to get some more detail on your tech-led re-imagination, especially given that you've seen declining R&D and relatively low capex. So, specifically, can you talk a little bit about how eBay might be developing infrastructure for social commerce, be it with more modern messaging, video or some material revamp of what's been a very consistent user experience and look and feel. And then maybe second question, since you mentioned, eBay is being a global marketplace when we last got the geographical detail, you had roughly 80% of your business in four countries and a very wide range of markets, covering the other fifth. So, what's your approach going to be to reaching scale and other countries? And how important is that global footprint to you and what sort of investment requirements do you see in 2021 and beyond to make eBay go beyond 80% coming just from those four markets? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first one on the tech-led re-imagination, it's why you see us making the investments that we're making is that, we believe that there is some big horizontal things that really move the business like payments and advertising. We're obviously putting a lot of technology focus. And then you saw this quarter, some specific vertical experiences of focus for us in both watches and sneakers and also in certified refurbish. And so we actually think this is the start of really leveraging our technology, we are horizontal plus vertical focus brings together just a much different experience on eBay. You think about the level of trust that we just put in place in those three categories. So, it's really game-changing versus where we were before. You asked specifically about marketing, there is a lot of things that we're dealing specifically in, paid social and using new channels that we haven't used before. That's a key part of it for us. If you think about the sneaker category, as an example, we're bringing on a lot of GenZ and Millennials. So, we're going out, reaching them where they are. Because when we enquire them in the sneaker category as we said, they end up buying in 10 unique categories across the site. The second thing I'd say on our footprint is, look, we've got some very strong growth in some of our smaller markets. There is a lot of advantage to the scale of our cross-border trade business where we're bringing products from very different countries to our smaller countries or exporting out of our smaller countries and obviously play a role in that. So, we continue to believe that those are important good growth opportunities, not only for the domestic business, but also for the cross-border trade that they bring.
Richard Kramer: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian of Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Great, thanks. Good quarter. I guess given some of the concerns around carrier capacity during the holiday period, I'm wondering it's a long tail of sellers, if they are more impacted by that or are your contracts with the shippers largely protecting them from those bottlenecks. And then looking at active buyer growth, what's the potential to accelerate that growth over the near-term certainly, given the secular shift we're seeing? Or are you more focused in terms of the marketing efforts on driving engagement with the existing buyers in the recent cohort ads? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on carrier capacity, part of why we did the UPS deal this year was to open up more flexibility and more options for our sellers. So not only are they going to save a bunch on the rate that they're going to have on there, but the integration is going to make it really easy for sellers and provide all that tracking for buyers. So, now you have multiple options even as a small consumer seller between USPS UPS and FedEx, one of the things we have worked on is deals that actually protect them from peak shipping charges or surcharges over the holiday. So, we think the combination of that flexibility of choices, plus the negotiating on behalf of our community, we'll work out well for them on the shipping side. On the active buyer growth as we talked about, our real third priority is turning buyers into lifelong enthusiasts. So really focusing on how do we, when we bring in a new buyer expand them into multiple categories, because we know that drives their LTV, so I use the sneakers example earlier coming in via sneakers and they are buying in 10 categories. It's also a big vision for our push-to-consumer selling. This quarter, I actually see the fee GMV growth grew faster than our B2C growth. And that push is really because once we get to a buyer to sell, they become more than twice as valuable as a buyer, so that's really our focus is on accelerating those things and driving that long-term potential of the people that we're bringing to the site.
Colin Sebastian: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Champion of Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Tom Champion: Hi, good afternoon. On GMV trends, it looks like the growth between the US and international is really starting to diverge with international decelerating more. I'm just curious, what do you think might account for that or whether it's all explained by mobility. And then on managed pay, it sounds like you added about 300,000 sellers into the program this quarter and add 5% of revenue. That seems like it's about $130 million in revenue. Is this approximately the right magnitude? Thank you.
Andy Cring: Yes, I'll take the -- on the third quarter volume, U.S. international, look; there are differences we see globally. We indicated on our -- on the call in July that we were seeing continued strength through the month of July in the U.S. Post-July, we did see some increased moderation in August and September. And we think at least in part driven by the expiration of the US stimulus. So that, in part, I think is a little bit of strength you're seeing in the U.S. In addition to, if you look at mobility and the progress of COVID, internationally there was a little more mobility sooner, in particularly in Germany and the U.K. than we had in the U.S. So, I don't think there is a drastic business shift between any of those regions other than some of the dynamics associated with the reopening. I think another important, you have just generally on volume. We have there's a few things we do see that consumer behavior patterns are definitely impacted by mobility that is different depending on location and country and sometimes state. And I think the other, the other key thing is that the customer and consumer behavior patterns aren't the same, so as mobility and lockdown happened in April and May, we had more time and less scarcity, some of that behavior is not as drastic as you -- as we saw early on in the pandemic. And then on the second part of the question, was managed payments. Yeah, your logic is about right on that.
Tom Champion: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: All right. Thank you. So, Jamie for some of these categories that you're leaning into like watches and sneakers, it seems like there is a greater requirement to work with external parties through you to authenticate refurbished thing. So, to some degree you are putting the eBay brand at risk here with your buyers. So what are you, what incremental things are you doing to, that the seller, so that you minimize bad behavior? And second on the C2C activity ramp, it seems like consumers are not always going to be savvy, some of the more professional sellers about probably planning the correct prescriptions for what they're selling, and you also want to get merchandise and all kinds of different conditions which seems like a pretty complicated structured data problem for your engineers to solve. So, can you talk about what you're doing to make sure that stuff people are putting up for sale or correctly serve first in search results? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first one -- thank you for the question. We work with really industry leading experts to do the authentication specific for that category and a very intense multipoint inspection to make sure, the product is truly authentic. And so it really kind of not only you have to trust it kind of seller piece in there, but every single product, every single sneakers over $100 by the start of next year, will actually go through a third party authenticator. And so really takes the risk away of a potential issue by the time it gets to the buyer, even sometimes there could be a mistake, it was missing a piece of documentation. So, the beauty is, we're catching all of those things. The same thing in the returns. On making sure, and the seller is getting back the product that they actually ship the buyer, because the authentication works in both directions. So, look, it's a really high level of trust, when you look at the community feedback that we've got, and both from sellers and buyers, they're incredibly enthusiastic. They know it will bring a lot of new buyers to the platform, and for sellers, that's what they want. Like we said on the call, the business was growing 50% in sneakers even before we launched this authentication guarantees. So, we're excited by it. On the C2C ramp, it's a huge focus for us, it's using artificial intelligence and technologies to make it easier for the casual lister to come on and list. So, a lot of our listers will use things like sell similar, whether sell a similar product or they sell based on a specific catalog description. And what you'll see from us over the coming quarters is continuing to make that process easier to bring more to C2C sellers on. It's our, number 1 priority is defending the core and a huge part of that is consumer-selling. I should say that they also bring a unique inventory to the platform. There is a lot of things that are not being sold by a business seller. My -- one of my friends was looking for a guitar, [Indiscernible] hero and that's always, no one selling that B2C anymore, you're only going to get that from a C2C seller. So, we'd like to think about the unique inventory that it brings to the platform is also really important to us.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Youssef Squali, Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Youssef Squali: Great. Thank you very much. A couple of questions here. So, just on the authenticity guarantee that you've done for sneakers and watches so far, can you maybe just speak to, and I think you also canceled some seller fees on sneakers of $100 or more. Can you maybe just speak to and maybe it's too early, but just any uplift you've seen in and sales for these two particular areas and whether there are any other big categories which kind of lend themselves to the same thing. And on managed payment, how was that, I think you guys talked about it tracking to your own expectations. But just considering the fact that it seems that you guys have a fair amount of control over that. Is there a chance of seeing you migrate maybe the majority of all sellers globally earlier than expected. And if not, what are the, gating factors there. Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so the change in selling fees on sneakers we had done a while ago, and what I would say is that, it's very early and that we just launched that a few weeks ago. But the encouraging signs or what the feedback that we're getting from the community really leaning in and being excited by what it can do to unlock the categories. Watches has been live a little bit longer. And while early, what we're seeing is an increase in supply on the platform and an increase in average selling price. And if you think about it. That's really what we want to see is that higher level of trust is making buyers really more comfortable which obviously works out for sellers as well. You know what I'm really proud of, for the team is that when we talk about a tech-led re-imagination. Well, it took us a couple of months to launch that technology for watches. We actually rolled it out a few weeks later for sneakers. And so we're building capabilities that allow us to compete better in specific vertical, but a lot of those capabilities can be leveraged across multiple categories and that excites us. On the managed payments migration. It's important to know that there is still features that we continue to build out to be able to migrate more of a seller. So, we're right on track. But as an example, if I'm a seller that ships cross border to a country that we haven't launched managed payments and we're not going to convert that seller over to the new managed payments platform until we are marked by country, because we don't want them split between the old platform and the new platform. So, there is still capabilities that we are continuing to build out to ramp, and we basically are on track with our plan to be complete by the end of 2021.
Youssef Squali: Thanks Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yruma of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Edward Yruma: Hey, good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. I guess just to drill down on some of these new categories little bit more, I know you're using third-party authentication, but can you kind of help us understand the cost profile around that, whether they have the ability to scale, as the business grows. And then I guess, just stepping back, the three big announcement that refurbish watches and sneakers. I guess what are the three, do you think would be most significant or impactful in the medium term? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes. So, when we look at the authentication costs, we look at it, in some ways it's like a marketing costs. When we think about how do we bring new buyers into the platform. So, if you look at what we, what we would have collected and final value fees for example on that product versus our cost of acquisition of bringing in a new buyer for, it's going to end up buying in 10 unique categories across the site. We're balancing that all out, and we think it's -- we think it's important, we think there is a lot of potential and we think it's a, it's a big difference for eBay to have that level of trust in the category. We haven't talked much about certified refurbish on the call yet. But I'm really excited by that. I mean sneakers clearly has a lot of potential as those watches, but there is tens of billions of dollars in certified refurbish. It's a real sweet spot for eBay. And this brings a whole new level of trust of feeling like you're buying unlike new product because you have the, not only all those guarantees, but you have a two-year warranty, you have a 30 day hassle free return along with the eBay money back guarantee. So, we just think it's an important category. We're also seeing brands lean in like we talked about on the call and big brands and we're just getting started. So we think there is a lot of runway and a huge market opportunity for us to go after that.
Youssef Squali: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Drbul of Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Robert Drbul: Hey, good evening. I just got a couple of questions, mainly on M&A, in terms of like you have some -- the cash on the balance sheet, you talked a little bit about that, but I was just wondering, as you sort of look at, especially the sneaker category, would you consider acquisitions around that category to really accelerate your positioning and improve it? Maybe if you could just elaborate a little bit on that type of charge that would be helpful. Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, we're not going to -- we're not going to speculate on kind of specific categories and M&A, what I'd say is we're looking opportunistically at M&A, like we always have at opportunities where we think we could accelerate the vision that we laid out on the prior earnings calls and always doing things at an asset light way and like we tend to do here at eBay, in a way that we think enhances shareholder value. So we're going to continue to be opportunistic about it.
Robert Drbul: Great. And if I could just follow up on a different topic, but in terms of the ability to sort of grow the buyers and sellers, can you just talk a little more about like the fourth quarter marketing plans and advertising in terms of the focus on continuing to bring new buyers and sellers in -- and the level of the rate at which you're thinking about that.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, we're using some new tools and technology over the holiday, really going after some new channels like paid social like I talked about before. In addition to the other kind of brand and performance work that we normally do in the holidays. But really we're also you're also going to see more targeted marketing from us and you're seeing it already, where we're focusing on specific campaigns, like we had a viral campaign on tick-tock for sneakers that went incredibly viral and you'll see other specific, early vertical marketing that we're doing to attract the right types of buyers in these categories that were leaning in on. So lots of things that we've experimented with that we're learning from that, that we're rolling out in the quarter.
Robert Drbul: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Great, thanks for taking my questions. I've two -- just the first one, I think in the second quarter you added a -- I think it's about $8 million net buyers sequentially. I know a lot of focus is on turning them into broader shoppers and sellers. Can you talk to us about what you saw in the retention of those buyers that you added in the second quarter? Are you seeing that expansion into new categories of them already? And then, Jamie, just now that you had a few more months in the seat, maybe just talk to us about how you are categorizing low hanging -- low hanging fruit areas of improvement that could really change the business trajectory in 2021 as opposed to sort of your longer term areas of focus.
Jamie Iannone: Sure. So, let me start with the latter, and then we'll come back on the buyer one. So if you look at the types of things that we rolled out this quarter, it's indicative of where our focus areas are. So, when you think about defend the core, it's really around how do we go after the non-new season and help grow that business? We see a big kind of $500 billion TAM there. And like I talked about last quarter, this is -- these are not big bang releases you I think what our payments business as a two-year build for release. Here, I think what we're working on is a lot of releases throughout the year of different capabilities and hopefully continue like I talked about before of launching something and then being able to roll it out to other categories other countries, et cetera. On a pretty frequent basis. And that's how we're thinking about it is a multi-year journey with a lot of wins along the way. Andy, you want to take the buyer one?
Andy Cring: Yes, Brian, look what we saw in the second quarter, clearly a significant disruption in a lot of areas and scarcity in certain areas in the supply chain and distribution that drove a lot of people shopping online and we did see some incremental activity from that, from the cohort acquired at the end of the first and in the beginning of the second. What we've seen in the third is it's reverting to a more normalized buyer acquisition trend and more normalized repurchase frequency for those cohorts. So, not performing above all cohorts and certainly not performing any worse than buyers in the past, what we have seen consistent across both quarters is just the volume of GMV and the amount of GMV per buyer, both for existing buyers and new buyers at higher levels than we've seen in the past.
Brian Nowak: Got it. Okay. Thank you, both.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no -- there is no more time for questions. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the eBay Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Joe Billante, Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Joe Billante: Thank you, good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2020. Joining me today on the call are Jamie Iannone, our Chief Executive Officer and Andy Cring; our interim Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Andy's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV mentioned in Jamie's and Andy's remarks represent FX neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements including without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of July 28, 2020 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thanks Joe and good afternoon, everyone. Before I turn the call over to Andy to discuss our recent performance and near-term outlook, I'll take some time to share thought on my return to eBay, highlight a few observations from the quarter and share our vision for the company. I'm thrilled to be speaking with all of you today as CEO of eBay. I've long admired this unique company for its special culture and its enormous potential.  I spent my first 100 days primarily focused on three areas, immersing myself in the business, connecting with our buyers and our sellers throughout the world and meeting different teams across the organization. Throughout these engagements, I've been fortunate to observe, firsthand, the significant opportunity we have ahead of us.  Our purpose has always been to empower people and create economic opportunity for all, and there's never been a better time where this has mattered more than right now.  We're a globally recognized brand with a strong heritage, incredible assets and a talented and dedicated team who serve our passionate and loyal customer community. As we look into the future, we have a clear vision to build on these strengths and through a technology led reimagination of eBay, we'll become the best global marketplace to buy and sell.  Before I get into our vision for the future, I want to frame where we are in the context of today's market. Consumer behavior is rapidly evolving, and this dynamic has been accelerated by COVID-19, contributing to a significant volume acceleration and new customer acquisition. This led to a very strong quarter, coming in ahead of the recently increased expectations we shared in early June. Volume was strong across most major markets in the Marketplaces business, growing 29%, our highest quarterly growth rate in 15 years. We also added approximately 8 million more buyers to bring the annual active buyer base to 182 million. On behalf of our buyers, I want to thank our sellers for doing an amazing job selling and shipping over the past few months. Organic revenue was up 22% with strong Marketplaces volume offsetting an anticipated decline in Classifieds. Total margin rate was up five points to 34% and earnings per share was $1.08.  The current strength in demand creates a significant opportunity for us as we embark on the next phase, while also providing additional capacity for investment, which we're moving with pace to implement. In Q2, we were able to deploy incremental investments in the marketing and growth initiatives, while still delivering higher margins.  Operationally, our top initiative over the past two years, Managed Payments, just reached a very important milestone as we begin to scale globally. Although the original operating agreement reached the end of its term, PayPal will remain an important partner moving forward as a payment option for buyers. And from a seller perspective, after successful launches in the US and Germany over the past two years, we've started migrating sellers in the UK, Australia and Canada on payments. We expect to transition the majority of all sellers globally over the next 18 months and we remain on track to realize $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in operating profit in 2022. Managed payments is a great example of a tech-led reimagination of our marketplace. It provides a simpler and seamless experience for buyers and sellers around the world. Buyers can pay with ease and convenience with more choices of popular local payment methods. And, sellers benefit from a streamlined experience, more options on how and when to be paid, and the vast majority of sellers are saving money on fees. We've also recently concluded our portfolio review, leading to the pending transfer of the Classifieds business to Adevinta for approximately $9.2 billion. We are excited to bring together two highly complementary businesses in order to create the world's largest online classifieds group, with leading positions in 20 countries, covering 1 billion people around the world. With a strong partner in Adevinta, this structure allows us to dedicate our day-to-day focus on Marketplaces, provides immediate value for shareholders, and allows us to participate in the future growth of classifieds.  Against this encouraging backdrop, I'd like to share our long-term vision for eBay.  Put simply, our vision is to build on the company's powerful strengths to become the best global marketplace for buyers and sellers through a tech-led re-imagination of eBay. We've come a long way in our nearly 25 years, growing from our founder's first sale of a broken laser pointer into a global platform with more than 180 million buyers and tens of millions of sellers worldwide exchanging over $85 billion of goods. While there are many accomplishments to be proud of, we are not satisfied with where we currently stand. The reality is that in the past few years, we've not executed to our full potential. New competitors have taken share because we neglected our core area of expertise. We focused on new areas that did not drive sustainable or profitable growth. And, to be candid, we did not adapt quickly enough to the rapidly changing needs of our customers. This leaves us with enormous untapped potential that we absolutely must capitalize on. This is what brought me back to eBay and it's what the leadership team and I are committed to executing against. It will be a multiyear journey, but I believe we can drive long-term sustainable growth and generate significant value for shareholders. Our ambition to become the best global marketplace has been built with customers at the center, and an acknowledgment of the driving force of our success has always been and must continue to be our leadership in technology.  This is why the entire team at eBay is rallying around three key priorities to execute on the vision. One, to build compelling next gen experiences for our enthusiasts. Second, is become the partner of choice for our sellers and third is to cultivate lifelong trusted buyer relationships.  I will walk through each priority in more detail. Our first key priority is to defend the core business by building compelling next gen experiences for enthusiast customers. We will cater to them by focusing on two areas of historical strength: consumer selling and vertical experiences. Consumer sellers are dedicated eBay customers who have a proven track record of spending more than double the amount of buyers that don't sell on the platform. This group differentiates our global supply by bringing unique and compelling inventory at great value. We estimate that the average household in our major markets has approximately $4,000 worth of items to resell and is selling less than 20% of that online today. In addition to making extra money, by keeping products in circulation longer, customers are driving social and environmental benefits for all.  To lead in consumer selling, here are the areas where we intend to focus:  We will simplify the listing flow. It's currently too long and complicated and needs to be dramatically simplified. Next, we need to increase conversion to grow the number of consumer selling enthusiasts; and finally, we must make it easier for sellers to reinvest proceeds from their sales back in the things that they need, want and love on eBay.  One recent consumer selling launch streamlined the local pickup experience by leveraging QR scanning to complete in-person transactions. While we are pleased to see this tech-based simplification, there's a lot more to do to achieve the long-term objective of growing the number of consumer sellers on the platform. In terms of vertical experiences, we plan to focus on non-new-in-season products. Within these categories, we have unique inventory at scale, strong buyer consideration and loyal communities of buyers and sellers who connect through common interests and passions, not just to buy and sell merchandise.  This is an important focus for us as approximately half of our volume in major markets comes from these products. The TAM for these categories is expanding as more offline inventory transitions online. These categories span from luxury items to parts and accessories and motors to fashion, electronics, collectibles and more, and they represent the core of why people love eBay.  Our plan is to focus technology efforts on the evolving needs of these passionate enthusiasts, and we intend to accelerate growth in these categories in the coming years. The second key priority of our vision is to become the platform of choice for sellers. We will aim to inspire small businesses by introducing tools and features that compel them to start and grow their business on eBay. We will treat them like true partners by making the platform easier to use, grow their brand, drive their sales and carefully protect their reputation. By making eBay more compelling, we plan to grow the number of successful businesses on the platform. Hundreds of thousands of small businesses are already active today and tens of thousands have recently joined through programs like Up and Running across global markets.  Recently we launched several improvements to simplify registration and help sellers start and succeed on the platform. Additionally, we have boosted seller presence by launching store fronts in the mobile app and we will continue to iterate the Stores experience over time. Seller Hub tools continue to grow and in the past quarter, we launched several new features based on customer feedback. To name some improvements, we've started providing real-time competitive pricing and traffic data and also expanded multi-user authentication capabilities. Another great example is seller initiated offers, where sellers can send custom deals directly to buyers, which launched several new features in Q2 and is expected to drive over $1 billion in GMV in 2020. This demonstrates the power of the eBay platform where sellers can connect to individual buyers. To drive demand for sellers, we continue to augment Promoted Listings capabilities. In the second quarter, Promoted Listings delivered $196 million of revenue, up 124%. We see several growth levers including further promoted listings adoption, conversion improvements and ad product innovation designed to help sellers drive demand and grow their business. Finally, the third key priority of our strategy is to cultivate lifelong, trusted relationships with buyers. We plan to modernize and simplify the experience to drive more purchase frequency by leveraging AI teams to remove friction throughout the buying journey. In our highly rated app, we're delivering features that customers want. In June, we released dark mode on iOS and dark theme on Android, which was the most requested feature by customers, particularly our Gen Z customers. We also simplified search filtering on mobile, which is leading to an increase in sold items and better user efficiency. We've made significant incremental investments in three areas of marketing during Q2. First, we leaned into performance channels, which are delivering higher efficiency due to competitive spend reduction. Second, we incented more app downloads and adoption to improve buyer retention and third, we deployed a multichannel campaign to showcase sellers and continue to attract new small businesses. These SMBs bring great selection and value for buyers to discover.  We will continue to invest in the buyer experience and marketing technology capabilities as we work to foster lifelong trusted relationships with buyers. As we look forward, we have a clear vision to realize the enormous untapped potential of eBay. This will be a multiyear process and will require investment but through a tech-led re-imagination, our plan is to become the best marketplace in the world for buyers and sellers. And our key priorities to deliveries this vision are: to build compelling next-gen experiences for enthusiasts, to become the partner of choice for sellers and to cultivate lifelong trusted buyer relationships.  And while pursuing this vision, we will never lose sight of purpose, which is to empower people and create economic opportunity for all. It's that purpose that inspired the company and the eBay foundation to commit an additional $10 million in the second quarter to support COVID-19 relief efforts globally. Additionally, during the quarter we donated more than $1.3 million in the NAACP Legal Defense Fund and Equal Justice initiative in an effort to take action against systemic racism and injustice. With that, I'll turn the alter the call over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Andy?
Andy Cring: Thanks Jamie and thank you all for joining today. The last 90 days have been an incredibly exciting time for eBay. First, we've begun the process of ramping managed payments, which will greatly improve the experience for both buyers and sellers, while delivering incremental revenue and operating profit of the business. Second, we're extremely pleased with our announced agreement to transfer our Classifieds business to Adevinta for $9.2 billion in cash and stock. And third, we had an outstanding quarter financially. Our Marketplaces business continue to see significantly higher growth levels for traffic, buyers, conversion, GMV, revenue and operating margin and our business is recovering faster than our previous outlook. On the basis of that strength, we are raising our full-year guidance for revenue, earnings and free cash flow.  Marketplaces on platform GMV growth in both the US international markets was within the mid 30% range for the quarter with acceleration across all major verticals compared to Q1. We are well positioned to benefit from the offline to online shift that's occurring as we continue to deliver significant year-on-year volume growth. As Jamie said, while there is much to be proud of, we are certainly not satisfied. The current strength in demand is providing an opportunity for eBay to attract and retain new buyers and sellers and we're investing during this period to position the company for a higher long-term sustainable growth rate. Turning to slide four, in Q2 we delivered revenue of $2.9 billion up 22% on an organic FX neutral basis, above the high-end of our most recent guidance. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.08 up 63%. Non-GAAP margin was strong at 34.3% inclusive of our ongoing investments and managed payments. We generated $964 million of operating cash flow and $866 million of free cash flow. We returned to $112 million to shareholders in cash dividends in Q2. And, in early July, we completed our $3 billion accelerated share repurchase at an average share price of $40.77. Moving to active buyers on slide five, we ended Q2 with 182 million active buyers representing 5% year-on-year growth, accelerating three points from Q1 with new and reactivated buyers driving the acceleration. To put that number in perspective, the increase of approximately 8 million buyers in the trailing 12 month metric is more than we've seen in the last six quarters combined. While the growth rate in the trailing 12 month metric is a bit muted, we are excited about the significant increase in buyers and are focused on increasing engagement and retention. It's clear that stay-at-home mandates and a more restrictive offline shopping environment drove more buyers online. While it's extremely early in the lifecycle of these newly acquired buyers, in the second quarter we saw increased engagement. Repurchase rate, frequency, multi-category shopping and migration to the app are all significantly higher than previous cohorts. And our retained buyer base is purchasing with a higher frequency compared to the pre-pandemic levels. Moving to slide six, in Q2 we enabled $27.1 billion of marketplace GMV up 29% year-on-year accelerating 29 points versus the prior quarter. The growth in volume was driven primarily by consumer behavioral shift to online shopping, which brought more buyers to the platform, who on average spend more per buyer than in the past. Approximately, 80% of the GMV growth came from increased purchase frequency in our existing buyer base and the remaining growth came from new buyers. In the US, we generated $10.5 billion of GMV, up 35% year-on-year and accelerated 39 points from Q1. Although it's difficult to precisely measure given the magnitude of volume, the year-on-year growth figure includes a four point headwind from the continued impact of Internet sales tax across the US, improving two points compared to Q1 and slightly better than our expectations. Next quarter will be the last quarter with a material impact on growth rates as the majority of states have gone live before October 01, 2019. Please refer to the appendix to see the impact of Internet sales tax over time. International GMV was up 26% accelerating 23 points versus Q1, driven by strength in the UK and Germany. Growth in Korea was 5% decelerating one point. Looking to revenue on slide seven, for the company, we generated net revenues of $2.9 billion up 22% organically, accelerating 20 points from Q1. We delivered $2.4 billion of transaction revenue up 33% and $418 million of marketing services and other revenue, down 20%, inclusive of a five point headwind from the sale of Brands 4 Friends. Turning to slide eight, our marketplace revenue was $2.7 billion, up 26%, accelerating 25 points from the prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 33%, a 30 point acceleration versus Q1, driven by strength in GMV and promoted listings. Marketing services and other revenue was down 16% decelerating one point versus Q1. The year-on-year decline is driven by 11 points from the sale of Brands 4 Friends, in addition to lower third-party ads, partially offset by growth in our Korea first party business, which grew at over 80% year-on-year. Marketplace segment margin was 40%, up eight points year-on-year. The margin expansion was driven by strong volume leverage and continued cost control, partially offset by incremental marketing and technology investments as we aim to increase engagement with new buyers cohorts and accelerated product delivery. Moving to slide nine, in Q2, Classifieds had a tremendous quarter in an incredibly tough environment. The leadership team had to deal with the realities of the pandemic pressures and the uncertainty of a pending transaction. Through it all the team executed beyond expectations. Revenue was down 24% year-on-year decelerating 24 points versus Q1, driven by motors fee discounts in addition to continued headwinds and display advertising across markets. Revenue growth was at its lowest point in April before delivering steady acceleration through May and June. The acceleration was primarily driven by a combination of ending the fee discounts we provided to dealers as lockdown restrictions eased through the quarter, and modest improvements in advertising. Performance was ahead of our expectations as the recovery in motors and ads materialize more quickly than originally anticipated. Segment margin for classifieds was 30%, down eight points year-on-year, driven primarily by fee discounts, which resulted in lower topline leverage and our continued investment in verticals, partially offset by a reduction in sales and marketing spend. Last week we came to an agreement to transfer our classifieds business to Adevinta for $9.2 billion. Upon closing, eBay will receive $2.5 billion in cash which we anticipate will yield approximately $2 billion net of taxes. In addition, eBay will receive 540 million shares of Adevinta valued as of the July 17 closing share price at $6.7 billion. While the value of this stake will move with the share price from Adevinta, early positive reactions indicate alignment with our view of the long-term value in this combination. We are excited about this deal as it allows us to realize near-term value while also enabling us to participate in the future upside potential of the world's largest online Classifieds company. Turning to slide 10 and major cost drivers; in Q2, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 34%. This is approximately five points higher year-on-year driven by marketplace volume leverage and continued cost control, partially offset by the impact of lower classifieds revenue and our investment in managed payments. Cost of revenue is down nearly two points year-on-year as a percentage of revenue as volume leverage more than offset investment in managed payments and are expanding first party inventory program in Korea. Sales and marketing expense was down over three points versus the prior year as marketplace volume leverage and Classifieds spend reductions were partially offset by reinvestments in the marketplace segment. Product development costs were down one point driven by volume leverage, partially offset by incremental investments in the product experience, including managed payments. G&A was up 30 basis points as leverage and cost actions were more than offset by advisor costs associated with the cost price transactions, charitable donations and cost related to the closure of a large office. Transaction losses have grown approximately 70 basis points driven by volume and modest rate increases in our bad debt and eBay money back guarantee reserves. Turning to EPS on slide 11, in Q2 we delivered $1.08 of non-GAAP EPS up 63% versus the prior year, our tenth consecutive quarter of double-digit non-GAAP EPS expansion. Non-GAAP EPS growth was driven primarily by higher revenue growth and our share repurchase program, partially offset by the impact of a stronger US dollar and our investment in managed payments. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $1.04 up 125% versus last year. The increase in GAAP EPS is mostly driven by the change in fair value of the Adyen warrant, in the quarter and the same factors as non-GAAP performance, partially offset by a higher tax rate driven by our California tax law change. As always, you can find the detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. Moving to slide 12, in Q2 we generated $866 million of free cash flow up 54% driven by higher earnings and the timing of cash taxes. Moving to slide 13, we ended the quarter with $5.8 billion in cash and investments and debt of $8.7 billion. We continue to strengthen our balance sheet and are leveraging the current market to improve the rates we're paying on our outstanding debt. In Q2, we issued $750 million of debt bringing our total debt raise for the first half to $1.75 billion. We are using the proceeds to retire our 2020 and 2021 debt maturities. In Q2 we repaid approximately $830 million and we expect to pay the remaining $920 million by the end of Q3. We paid $112 million in dividends in the quarter. In early June, we completed the $3 billion accelerated share repurchase plan we announced in February at an average price per share of $40.77. We have $500 million in share buyback left to hit the $4.5 billion in our guidance. We ended the quarter with $3.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Our capital allocation strategy, key tenets and targets have not changed. We remain committed to maintaining our triple B plus credit rating, midterm leverage of approximately 1.5 times net debt and gross debt below three times EBITDA and a target cash balance of approximately $3.5 billion. We also remain committed to our dividend. Turning to slide 14 and guidance, the guidance we are providing assumes Classifieds results are included in both Q3 and full year. We will provide updates moving forward as appropriate. As we indicated in April, this is an unusually dynamic time without historical precedent and presents challenges in drawing conclusions on trends and outlooks beyond the immediate term. In April we experienced a significant broad-based acceleration. At the time it was unclear how long that strength would last or when growth rates would return to pre-pandemic levels, if ever. What we observed throughout the second quarter varied across geographies, in countries like Germany and Italy, we saw the height of GMV growth in April and then began to see moderation of growth as these countries began to reopen. Although growth levels continue to be higher than pre-COVID levels. In the US where the impact of the virus continues at elevated levels, growth has been steady through July so far. Across most markets, we have yet to settle back into a new baseline, making it harder to accurately forecast future growth rates. We are however providing updates to both our Q3 and full year guidance today. Our visibility in the near-term is clear but beyond Q3, it's harder to predict exactly how buyer behavior, retail channels shifts and changes in the economic environment will affect our outcome. There is a model of e-commerce growth recovery from a global pandemic and considering these factors, we see a wider range of potential outcomes. Our guidance assumes continued growth moderation across most of our portfolio, throughout Q3, assuming consumer mobility continues to improve. We expect to continue to invest in technology and marketing to maximize our opportunity to exit the pandemic at a higher growth rate than we entered. For Q3, we are projecting revenue between $2.64 billion and $2.71 billion growing 14% to 17% on an organic FX neutral basis. This assumes marketplaces' volume growth in the high teens with gradual growth moderation through the quarter. In Classifieds, we are projecting revenue acceleration from the second quarter. We expect managed payments to continue to deliver revenue acceleration, contributing approximately three points to Q3 revenue at the midpoint of our guide, partially based on heightened GMV growth rate, but also on strong execution. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.81 to $0.87 per share, representing 27% to 36% growth. EPS growth is driven primarily by marketplaces volume and lower share count, partially offset by continuing investments in technology and marketing. We are expecting GAAP EPS in the range of $0.58 to $0.64 per share in Q3. For the full year, we are increasing our revenue guidance to the range of $10.56 billion to $10.75 billion and organic FX neutral growth of 12% to 14%. This represents marketplace revenue growth in the mid-teens and classifieds revenue at negative mid-single digits. We are raising operating margin to be in the range of 30.5% to 31.5% and maintaining a non-GAAP effective tax rate of between 15.5% and 17.5%. With the above dynamics, we are increasing our full-year non-GAAP EPS guidance to $3.47 to $3.59 per share. We are increasing our free cash flow to $2.55 billion to $2.7 billion and narrowing the CapEx range to 4% to 5% of revenue. Finally, we are increasing full year GAAP EPS to $2.85 dollars to $3 per share. In closing we feel great about our progress. The business performance continues to be very strong. Our revenue growth initiatives of managed payments and advertising are on track, reducing friction on the site and providing more options for buyers and sellers. We're well on our way to delivering our cost structure improvements that will drive at least two points of operating margin growth by 2022 as compared with 2019. We are excited to have clarity on the next steps for Classifieds in a transaction that we believe creates great near-term value with the opportunity for more shareholder value over time. While we've made great progress, we know we have more work to do to achieve our full potential and we're focusing all resources towards driving improvement in the marketplaces business to fully realize the opportunity in front of us. With that Jamie and I would be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question comes from Ed Yruma of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Edward Yruma: Jamie, great to work with you again. I know you mentioned you're starting a lot of competitions with sellers. I know youre trying to improve the selling process. I guess what complaints do you hear from the sellers and how quickly can you act on it? And then as a follow-up, obviously theres some great momentum because of the current situation. I guess any specific plans to maintain those buyers and keep them active? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, good to hear your voice Ed. So on the seller side, what we're really focused on is how do we make that initial process of coming on to the platform extremely easy. So simplifying the registration process, simplifying onboarding and simplifying getting up and running on the experience. And then as they progress and build their business on eBay, how do we give them more tools and capabilities to help them continue to grow that business on eBay. We talked about one, which is enhancing our stores product, bringing that into the native app. I'll be honest with you though, I think we have a lot more work to do in areas like that where we can make it even better and give them increased tools. And so that's going to be a huge focus for us on that second pillar of being the partner of choice for sellers. On the momentum, we feel great about the 8 million new buyers. It's been -- it's more than the last six quarters combined. And what we're really focused on is turning those buyers into enthusiasts and keeping them on the platform. So you saw us this quarter reinvest in areas like app downloads and convincing new buyers on the platform to get the app. That's where the majority of our transactions happen on the platform. And I talked about some of the innovations that we're doing there like the dark mode on the app which is exciting, but we're also working on revamping the whole onboarding process for buyers, so how they come in, their first 30 days.  And we've just started that this quarter to really take advantage of the new buyers. But that's part of the vision that we've laid out is really just enhancing that ability to bring buyers along on the journey and increase their lifetime value with us. But we're excited by what we're seeing, excited by the early momentum of what we're witnessing from those buyers.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two, the first one the 2Q or sorry the 3Q GMV commentary. I think you talked to sort of teens growth inferred in the guidance, but it sounds like the US has been sort of steady. So the question is what are you seeing in the US that is steady? Is that still growing over 30? And what are the assumptions in sort of the deceleration in GMV throughout the quarter and the guidance. Why would that slow down? And then the second one, sort of bigger picture question. Maybe talk to us a little bit about the demographic of these new buyers youve brought on, are you cracking into new types of household, new income of households? Who are the new people and how are they different from the older eBay buyers? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so I'll start and take the second one and then Andy maybe you can take the first one. So what Id say on the demographics of the new buyers that we're bringing is it's really across the board and across all geographies. So all of our major market saw strong a buyer growth and it's really two fold. One, it's new buyers actually coming on to the platform and then it's also reactivating existing buyers or buyers that had a bit on the platform but hadnt purchased for us for a while. And then obviously a huge amount of growth with also just our existing buyers buying more. But what we're working on and you probably saw this in some of the TV advertising that we're doing and some of the digital is really appealing to the fact that small businesses are bringing unique inventory on to eBay and attracting buyers across the board. A key focus for us over the next couple years will be our GEN-Y customers. Thats why we've made certain investments in our sneakers business and growing that and also why a feature like dark mode in mobile app also appears to younger demographic. So it will be a continued focus for us, Brian, over the next quarters and years. Andy, do you want to take the first one?
Andy Cring: Hey Brian, on guidance, look, as I said in my prepared remarks, there is a lot of unknowns. I'll say that we know more today than we did in April and we see more trends. I don't want to get into specific country and monthly trends, but we've seen an increased correlation with mobility around the world. And as I indicated in my prepared remarks, particularly Germany, Italy and countries where the mobility is improving and approaching in some cases pre-pandemic levels, we've seen a moderation in growth rate. That growth rate is still about pre-COVID levels, but it's lower than it was at the peak. And then similarly in the US, yes the growth rate is stronger than -- its not stronger, it's sustained, but it's stronger than some of the other countries given the given some of the progress on the virus that we had in the US.
Operator: Your next question is Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth: I have two, first Jamie, you talked about the tech-led re-imagination of eBay. Can you just talk about the company's ability to retain and attract the right engineering and product talent to make this happen and how you shift eBay to be more positioned with this tech-driven approach? And then just second, can you also just talk about the decision to keep the 44% stake in Classifieds? Did you start there or how much was that influenced by the current environment and the recent pressure on the segment? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first one Doug, on the technology side, you're absolutely right. A huge focus for us. So first off, we have a really great world-class technology team in a lot of different geographies in the business. But we are focusing on augmenting that with even new capabilities. So we're building up our capabilities in AI and data science and computer vision. You may have seen features like easy image enhancing for our sellers. All that's coming out of kind of a next gen technology group that we've been building up. But it's a key focus for us because in that tech-led re-imagination, this company has been and always will be about how to create those game-changing technologies. To be candid though, there is also areas where we've got to get off of old legacy technologies. So part of it is just moving off of some of the older technology stack and modernizing that. The good news is that's in progress, but we're accelerating even that work. On the Classifieds deal, what I'd say is that we're really excited by the combination of the assets that our Classifieds business combined with Adevinta. When you look at the two of them together, it creates 20 leading markets in the classifieds business and creates the world's largest online classifieds business. So we're excited because it not only gives value to shareholders in the short term, but it allow us to participate in the long-term potential of this exciting new venture. And then the third thing that was important for us is now that we've divested StubHub and with his transfer of assets on Classifieds, it allows the whole management team, all of our technologists, the whole organization to focus on the Marketplace business. And then as you stated, in my remarks, I see a lot of untapped potential in that business. But theres also areas where we haven't kept pace. And so I think that focus will also be good for the whole organization.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you. So Jamie welcome aboard by the way. So it sounds like you want to consolidate a lot more of the out-of-season and as well as a more unique inventory, both new and used. So theoretically, you'll see a greater variety of merchandise and hopefully a spike in listings. But given the company's history with data and figuring out what people are buying and selling, what can you do to make sure that you maintain or even improve the buying experience? And secondarily, interested in following up with what you brought up earlier in terms of generating liquidity for consumers as they sell things on eBay. After they sold what they wanted to sell, they have the money which they can go spend anywhere. So what can you do to make sure that the money that they generated on eBay stays on eBay? Thanks.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so great question. I'll start with the liquidity one. One of the benefits of the managed payments that we're launching and scaling here, we added several new countries and now we're able to really grow and ramp that with the changes a week ago with the expiration of the PayPal agreement. It is the exact ability to do what you're saying. So to make it easier for sellers and buyers to have their whole wallet and payments contained on the platform, it gives us more flexibility of things that we can do to really make that easy for them and so obviously transference is a huge benefit. The other thing I would say is that just getting buyers to sell, so just getting them to try it out, bring some inventory on, makes them a better buyer and it's because they've played on both sides of the marketplace. They've experienced the power of eBay. And so what we've seen is there a more than doubling of benefit to their buying behavior just like getting them to try selling. So we're really happy with that flywheel effect, it's something we're going to continue to lean into. As I've talked about the first pillar of consumer selling, that's the key piece of it. To your question on the inventory, we feel really beneficial because of the open and level playing field that we have. We can bring on that new consumer selling inventory, which is really valuable to have on the platform because it attracts a lot of buyers along with the SMB inventory that's there. And when I say we're focusing and getting back to non-new in-season it's not saying that you're not going to be able to buy a ton of new product, in-season product on eBay. We'll have that and always have that. But in terms of our focus, we think there is this massive opportunity, $500 billion in what eBay is fantastic and unique at. And we can build great fertile experiences. We can attract that supply. And that's where I believe there is just an enormous amount of untapped potential in going after it. And so really making sure that we nail everything about the buying experience end-to-end, having extreme customer focus will allows us to capture the potential.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Forte of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Forte: I have two high-level questions. So Jamie I wanted to know what success looks like from a sales standpoint? Do you aspire to have sustainable double-digit FX-neutral topline growth? And then second, I wanted to know what your preference was on capital allocation, M&A versus buyback versus dividend? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so look, what we're really focused on is how do we improve the overall experience between buyers and sellers and create a really healthy business in the long term. So I think the things that we've laid out lead us to a long-term healthy growth of the core Marketplace business. Were not going to quantify the long term what those numbers are, but I think the steps that we're going to take there will get us to a point where we're driving healthy growth. In terms of the capital allocation, we're going to stick really to the capital tenets that we've been talking about all along. And Andy, do you just want to reiterate what those are?
Andy Cring: Look, I think if you look at the history of what we've done since separation, I think it's close to $20 billion or maybe a little over $20 billion of return to shareholders either through dividends or share buyback. And it's important to step back at that and then look at what we've done recently with StubHub. And our view is the most value we create for shareholders is going to be getting the Marketplace business back to growth. So we're going to continue to balance margin, growth rate, M&A, buyback in all of those different levers with the purpose of improving the performance of marketplace business and increasing shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question is from Colin Sebastian of Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Jamie, welcome back and thanks the vision for the Marketplace longer-term. And I'd like to start there, specifically going back to the technology reinvestments. We have seen some of that over the last four or five years with structured data. And so I hope you can provide a little bit more context on the scale of that investment. Is this more tactical things? I mean there's been investment in data science and AI already. Or is this with the re-platforming away from the older stack, is this a larger scale technology investment phase? And then secondly on managed payments, so congrats on that finally formally progressing. Was curious how that's not only the pace of managed payments transferring over, but also what the roadmap looks like in things like seller financing, buy now pay later, things that sellers and buyers had with PayPal that I assume are part of the eBay managed payments over time as well. Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yes, so on the first question, it's two parts, it's one about where we're focusing our technology investments. And a key part of that is that I think for quite some time we were chasing a little bit the new in-season and not really focused on what's the core experience and how do we leverage technology in those key core verticals where eBay has an amazing stronghold and in the inventory in a non-new in-season where there is a over $500 billion opportunity. And so to be candid, I feel like there are certain areas we let niche competitors take business away from eBay that should be done on eBay and shows you the potential that we have on eBay, if we really focus our technology effort in those areas that we know are features, tools, capability and new experiences that help buyers and sellers connect. A small example of that is, while we don't have a huge pickup business and there's a lot of categories where people do meet in person to exchange goods. And we just made it more seamless through these QR codes for the buyer and the seller. It's kind of a magical experience, the money flows and that's the benefit of doing managed payments and technology together as we can create those experiences for buyers and sellers. On the managed payments side, what we're really focused on right now is scaling that business. So we've got a lot of work left to do in kind of opening up all of the remaining geographies, bringing more sellers on, etc. But once we do hit that point, yes, like we're talking about earlier, there's opportunities to do more and help connect, and make it more streamlined for sellers on the payments. We do have a buy now, pay later option, our monthly pay option. That's in partnership with PayPal. PayPal continues to be an option for how to pay on the platform and a key partner for us. But to answer your question, yes, we'll be continually looking at ways that we'll make buying and selling via payments easier, and managed payments gives us that flexibility.
Andy Cring: Hey, Colin, maybe one more thing on margin rate. I just want to reiterate from my script the -- we remain committed to the margin commitments from last year, at least 2 points of margin by the time we get to 2022. And -- but through that time, we're going to -- you'll see us invest with balance and we're going to pace incremental revenue -- incremental investments with growth rate and earnings along the way. So no change to the long-term margin structure.
Operator: Your next question is from Ygal Arounian of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ygal Arounian: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the questions. So the [indiscernible] macro GMV level, just -- you noted in some of the international geographies that where mobility is getting back to normal, the growth rates go higher than pre-pandemic but coming down from the peak. Is there any way to quantify that a little bit more? Is it slightly above where it was before? Meaningfully above? And any way in the US to quantify it, think about what the contributions from stimulus has been? And is the pace of the pandemic, really the biggest piece of why the US GMV was so much stronger than internationally? And then one -- real brief one on payments, just thinking about where you have intermediated and managed payments has rolled out for those merchants, any positive signals you're seeing in terms of better conversion, anything else that's really giving you kind of good feel or good outlook of why and how managed payments can drive better opportunities for stronger GMV growth going forward? Thanks.
Andy Cring: I'll start I think with the second one on US contributions. I think it's really hard to point to any one thing, particularly stimulus is having a major -- being a major driver. I'm sure there is some impact at some level. I going to point back to the best thing we've seen globally in terms of an indicator is mobility. So -- and I think it is fair to say the US is significantly stronger than international regions, just given the impact of the virus in the US. In terms of -- on the macro question on international levels of GMV, pre-pandemic versus post, I think I'd point you probably to the Q3 guide relative to Q2 actuals. If you have the US -- similar to Q2 levels and the company with moderation of -- from a 29% growth rate to a high teens, you'll start to see -- you can back into maybe a little bit of the pressure in international. In addition to the fact that internationally, keep in mind, Korea with relatively stable growth rates quarter-over-quarter and significantly lower with much less impact from COVID in Q2 and into Q3. So again, moderating growth rates but still sufficiently higher than pre-COVID.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. Then what I'd say on the managed payment side is a couple of encouraging things. One is the feedback that we're getting from sellers, generally very positive. The vast majority of them will see lower fees and have a simpler fee structure with the result of rolling it out. And a lot of them have signed up, pre-registered, so waiting for when we can open up the platform which we did two weeks ago. And I would say the same thing on the buyer side, especially for a new buyer, creates a lot less friction. And so we are excited and optimistic for what that means for the overall experience. And when I talk about a tech-led re-imagination, payments is the perfect example. It just makes the whole experience easier and better. We committed to it and put a lot of resources behind making it a great experience. And so far that's the feedback that we've been getting by both buyers and sellers.
Operator: Your next question is from Justin Post of Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thanks. Jamie, welcome back to eBay. A couple of questions, I guess, big picture thinking about how the management team is now compensated, is it relative growth to the e-commerce industry, is it overall growth, is it certain margin targets? Could you talk a little bit about the incentive team for the management team -- incentive structure? And then the company has gone through a pretty big period here of divestiture and cash returns. How do you think about if that could change, do you see adjacent M&A opportunities? Do you see a real chance here post-COVID to really accelerate growth? Just talk about kind of is there kind of a big change going on at eBay at this point or more of the same, but hopefully some innovation on the edges? Thank you.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So our incentive structure really hasn't changed over the years and it's based on a combination of top and bottom line. On the M&A opportunities and the acceleration, the focus, what I'd say has changed is the whole organization is now really focused on the vision that I have outlined. Now that without StubHub and now with Classifieds transferred to Adevinta, you've got the whole organization thinking about this overall tech-led reimagination from technology, marketing, product and these three kind of key focus areas. And so, yeah, we will look at opportunistic M&A where we think we can really help accelerate that focus on the core business. But like I said before, we see a huge amount of untapped potential just in going after these key experiences in key verticals of getting back to that kind of core C2C selling. And moving this idea I think for some years, we were acquiring buyers at all costs and really focusing on how do we turn buyers into lifelong trusted relationships and putting all of our efforts across product, marketing, technology, etc., around that focus. And I think it's that focus and that lean-in on the technology side in a big way, that's going to allow us to capture it.
Joe Billante: Operator, I think we've got time for one more.
Operator: Your last question is from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks. We obviously, talked about a lot of investments in technology, so I won't go down that path. But when you think about maybe the marketing side of things and sort of how you want to think about customer acquisition from here, particularly as the tailwind from the current environment that we're in potentially starts to dissipate, how should we think about the level of investment that you want to see? And to the extent that there is a path, there sort of an optimal channel mix that you see is sort of working better for eBay in the future than maybe what we've seen in the past? Given your background obviously, would really appreciate sort of how you're seeing that side of the opportunity.
Jamie Iannone: Yeah. So look this quarter, on the marketing side -- Heath, a great question. On the marketing side, we were able to lean in pretty well to the new buyers that we are acquiring. So both with kind of brand advertising talking about the small businesses, but also in a less competitive environment on the performance side of the business. When I talk about marketing, it's not just the spend, but it's also just our CRM programs, how we communicate, how we leverage things like email notifications, etc. And I think that we've built some good capabilities over the years, but I think we have a massive opportunity there to help buyers get up the lifecycle in an even better way. So that will also be an opportunity that we're really focused on. On the channel mix, we have the benefit of obviously, having lots of different channels for driving it. I would say the newest ones that we're really focused on are acquiring the Gen Y customers and looking at new opportunities in paid social and going after and making sure that customer is attracted. I talked to kind of really understanding the categories that attract that demographic on the platform. And so, I think you'll see slight shifts in terms of the marketing mix that we're looking at. But overall, we tend to leverage all the channels that we have to maximize the ROI that we can get off of that spend. And as I talked about, we're really focused on how do we get not just a new buyer onto the platform, but how we turn that new buyer into an enthusiast. And that's where I think the real unlock and the power of the model lies.
Heath Terry: Great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the eBay First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, John Billante, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Joe Billante: Thank you, good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2020. Joining me today on the call are Scott Schenkel; Andy Cring; and our new CEO, Jamie Iannone. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Andy's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. With the February completion of the sale of StubHub, all figures in this presentation are for the remaining company, inclusive of Marketplace and Classifieds only. StubHub results are presented as discontinued operations. Please refer to our recent 8-K filing with adjusted prior periods. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Scott and Andy's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements including without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 29, 2020 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. Lastly, I'd like to share today's agenda. As you know, the Board recently announced the appointment of Jamie Iannone as our new CEO. Given that he officially started the role two days ago, Jamie will obviously not be fully participating in this quarter's earnings call, but he will make a few introductory remarks before we begin. Following that, Scott will provide a business update and Andy will provide a financial update. At the end, we will open Q&A where Scott and Andy will be available to answer your questions. With that, let me turn it over to Jamie.
Jamie Iannone: Thank you, Joe and good afternoon everyone. I'm thrilled and honored to be with you today. I look forward to speaking directly with all of you over the coming months as I settle into my new role at eBay, but for today, I will keep my comments brief. As some of you know, eBay is where I spent the most time in my career and I'm really excited to re-join the company. eBay's remarkable success story with amazing assets, robust organic traffic, and long-standing customer relationships around the globe, I truly believe the company has tremendous opportunities to capitalize on this foundation, innovate for the future, and grow its ecosystem. These are some of the reasons why I was so compelled to return to eBay and play a leading role in shaping the company's path forward. I look forward to working with our global teams to enhance buyer experiences and provide more capabilities that will help small businesses sustain and grow. I will focus on continuing to evolve the company's strategy while delivering on eBay's commitment to maximize long-term shareholder value. Before I close, I'd like to acknowledge and thank Scott for his leadership over the last several months. Scott has led and implemented huge changes in the business all while guiding the company through one of the biggest crisis our society has ever faced. Thank you, Scott. Thank you, Andy and the entire leadership team for your assistance and guidance as we work towards a smooth transition. I'd like to turn the call over to Scott to begin the earnings update and I look forward to speaking with you again 90 days from now. Scott?
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Jamie. Good afternoon everyone. We had a strong start to the year ahead of our expectations. Our volume is accelerating, managed payments and ads are delivering growth and are on track for long-term success. We are executing our product road map, improving buyer and seller experience and conversion, and we are driving margin expansion. We closed the StubHub deal in February, quickly deployed proceeds to reward shareholders, made progress on the Classifieds portfolio, and strengthened our balance sheet. While executing on our Q1 priorities, COVID-19 dramatically changed the world. Individuals and families are sheltering in place, millions of people have lost their jobs, and communities are struggling. Our purpose has always been to empower people and create economic opportunity for all. We are fortunate to have a resilient business that can help in times like these. That purpose and resiliency have inspired us to deploy well over $100 million to support our employees, communities, customers around the world at a time when they need it most, positioning our stakeholders to exit this crisis stronger. The health and safety of our employees and their communities is our top priority and I want to thank our team for their remarkable dedication during this difficult time. In line with government guidelines, we shifted the vast majority of our team to work from home, many for the first time, including thousands of customer service team members around the world. We provided them with equipment, training, and resources to support their transition. We also financially protected our hourly and alternative workforces, ensuring they get paid while society is asking them to do their part. We have also empowered our leaders to provide employees flexibility to balance health, well being, family, and professional responsibilities. We are also investing millions of dollars into our communities. Through eBay for Charity, we are matching contributions made by U.S. customers to Feeding America, Direct Relief and the Opportunity Fund. In the U.S. buyers can also purchase gifts that give back to support relief efforts and in the U.K. buyers can donate at checkout to support NHS Charities Together. Through the eBay Foundation, we have funded several non-profit organizations supporting small businesses and community relief efforts around the world, including Silicon Valley Strong in our home city of San Jose. During this crisis, the eBay Marketplace has remained open for everyone, granting buyers access to a wide selection of global inventory and aggregating growing demand for sellers. For hundreds of thousands of small businesses worldwide, we offered to defer fees, provided store subscribers with more free listings, and protected seller performance standards. We are also supporting small brick and mortar retailers by offering free listings and free store subscriptions for first time sellers along with mentors to help get them started. Thousands of new sellers have signed up across our global markets further expanding the strength of our supply. In addition to investing in small businesses, we are partnering with government officials on a local, state, national, and international level to prevent price gouging, stop false health claims, and prevent illegal products from being sold. To ensure that our platform remains safe and trusted, we have blocked or removed more than 15 million listings to date from our global Marketplace that violate COVID-19 policies. We are also advocating on behalf of small businesses with legislators through a grassroots advocacy program to ensure they benefit from important economic relief decisions and programs. In our Classifieds Motors verticals, many dealers were forced to close their business temporarily and we provided them with immediate help by waiving fees and extending payment terms. We also added new ways in our experience for customers to connect directly with dealers to drive leads. On our horizontal Classifieds platforms, we rapidly adapted our product experiences by educating users how to trade safely and by launching a neighborhood assistance category that connects customers confined to their home to those who want to help. These efforts have improved vibrancy while protecting our supply and demand in the near-term. While some of these actions impacted Q1 and create short-term financial headwinds, our Classifieds platforms are positioned to exit stronger when businesses reopen as we are starting to see in Germany. While supporting our customers and employees, we over-delivered for our shareholders on our Q1 commitments. Before the dynamics surrounding COVID-19 started impacting our business in late Q1, our key metrics were performing better than our expectations through the first 11 weeks. The roll out of new and expanded experiences for buyers and sellers along with the acceleration in managed payments and ads were driving improvement in GMV and revenue despite the continued headwinds from Internet sales tax and reductions in marketing spend that skewed towards the U.S. Since then, COVID-19 impacted our major markets as shelter-in-place actions were required and we saw an immediate change in the growth trajectory. In Marketplace, there was an initial surge in home confinement categories in late March, which then expanded in April across all verticals including parts and accessories, fashion and more. Since the start of April, GMV has been growing over 20% in our major on-platform markets every week. Andy will go into further detail about recent trends in his remarks. In total for Q1, volume was flat compared to a year ago, a 4 point improvement versus Q4 with U.S. volume 5 points better and international volume 4 points better. Organic revenue was up 2%, above the high-end of our guidance. Margins were strong at 31.5% driven by operational cost savings that helped fund managed payments as well as incremental investments and expenses related to COVID-19. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.77, up 19%, substantially better than expected. In addition, we closed the StubHub deal in February, expanded our 2020 share buyback plan to $4.5 billion, paid our dividend as planned, and strengthened our capital structure. Independent of COVID-19 effects, we made progress on our key priorities in the first quarter. Our underlying operating plans remain the same as we communicated in January, which were to deliver our growth initiatives of managed payments and ads, provide more seller tools, improve buyer experiences, and leverage our structured data foundation while delivering margin expansion. Our growth initiatives continue to stay on track and are making meaningful contributions to our results, a testimony to our employees and partners working from home around the world and to our leadership team's tenacity. The managed payments transition continues to gain momentum. Buyers are getting more choice and a seamless checkout while sellers are saving money on a simpler experience that offers quick and flexible ways to get paid. Since launch, we have processed more than $3 billion of GMV for over 32,000 sellers on our payment rails while saving them millions in fees. U.S. volume remains at the limit permitted under the operating agreement, while in Germany we ramped from 3% in December to 6% in March on our way to 10% by mid-year. We recently announced to sellers in the U.K., Australia, and Canada that their transitions will begin in July. Many are already pre-registered and we encourage sellers to visit our Seller Center for more information on how we can accelerate their ability to save money and simplify their eBay experience. We are confident in our plan to transition the vast majority of sellers starting in July through the end of 2021 as managed payments will become the only way to buy and sell on eBay. We remain on track to realizing an incremental $2 billion in revenue and $0.5 billion of operating income in 2022. As a reminder, these economics do not include any benefits from improved experience or reduced friction for buyers and sellers. Advertising continues to drive revenue growth and had a strong start to the year. In Q1, Promoted Listings delivered $137 million of revenue, up 111%. Nearly 1.2 million sellers promoted more than 310 million listings in the quarter. Sellers continue to adopt Promoted Listings to drive conversion while buyers are seeing a better eBay experience with fewer third-party ads. Although third-party ad revenue continues to decline, our overall advertising revenues grew more than 25% for the quarter. In Q1, we raised performance standards for all sellers which modestly reduced the number of Promoted Listings, but yielded improved conversion. We remain on track with our plan to deliver $800 million in total ad revenue this year on our way to building $1 billion advertising business in the next couple of years. In our on-platform marketplace business, we continue to invest and expand in seller tools and capabilities. Seller initiated offers allow a seller to offer lower prices to individual buyers to drive conversion. In Q1, this scaled to over 1.5 million offers per day, driven by increased adoption in item eligibility. We also rolled out an image quality tool, which is helping sellers improve photos on their listings. The majority of the sellers that have used the tool have enhanced their images contributing to a more consistent looking buyer experience. We expect this to lead to better conversion over time. Multi-user authentication capabilities are helping small business teams manage their business securely and these features have extended globally and integrated with order management and price guidance tools. On the buyer experience, we saw an increased conversion through improvements in search that were enabled by growth in structured data. Based on behavioral data, our algorithms recommend to sellers which information can maximize the velocity of their listings as sellers add more structured data in the form of aspects, their listings are increasingly showing up in filtered search results. This leads to higher conversion as buyers are more likely to discover and purchase their items. We also raised the limit of saved searches for hundreds of thousands of highly engaged loyal buyers who reached the previous cap of 100 searches, allowing them to expand their shopping on eBay. Millions of buyers are tracking their shipments on our platform and we are sending notifications to alert them of early or late deliveries. Our overall delivery performance has held up well during the COVID-19 crisis as our supply base does not have large single points of failure nor are their fulfillment constraints for essential or non-essential items on eBay. With the disruption to exports from China during the quarter, our speed pack efforts combined with our existing domestic sellers supply allowed for strong inventory availability and delivery performance. While executing these and other improvements for buyers and sellers in our product experiences, we also delivered on margin expansion. We realized efficiencies in our marketing spend and reduced operating costs in a number of areas. The cost to scale managed payments are in line with our expectations and we remain on track to deliver at least 2 points of incremental margin by 2022. In Q1, our international on and off platform businesses had similar volume dynamics. In Korea, our underlying volume growth rate was consistent with Q4, but total volume accelerated modestly from upside in essential categories due to COVID-19. Revenues grew at double-digit rate due to the ongoing expansion of our first-party inventory program. Despite significant marketing by competitors that is likely deeply negative ROI, we have a leading position in Korea with double-digit growth, first-party FMCG capabilities, and significant scale. Margin dynamics are well above most peers in the market although margin contribution is significantly less than our on-platform markets in the rest of the world due to marketing spend differences and the first-party sales mix. Aside from ongoing business results, I would like to take a step back from recent performance to address the ongoing portfolio review of our Classifieds business. As we previously stated, we are in active discussions with multiple parties exploring value creating alternatives. We remain committed to maximizing value for shareholders and will provide an update by our Q2 earnings call in the middle of the year. Despite the short-term disruption to the industry presented by COVID-19, the long-term prospects for Classifieds are strong. We believe that the recovery period will create more growth opportunities for our platform. As a frame of reference, following the '08, '09 financial crisis, used car sales outpaced new car sales for several years and the shift from offline to online advertising accelerated. Those two macro dynamics provided tailwinds and rewarded players with strong demand and supply and we believe our Motors verticals and ad-based horizontal platforms are well positioned to perform strongly in that environment. Over the past several months, we have driven significant changes to position the business for sustainable and profitable long-term growth. Underlying volume is improving and consumer demand during shelter-in-place has surged. We've approached this pandemic striving to support our employees, communities, and customers and exit this global crisis stronger. We continue executing on our growth initiatives, delivering product experience improvements, improving margins, and over-delivering on our financial commitments. Looking ahead, with a distributed and scalable seller base, a strong balance sheet and cash flows, low capital intensity, and disciplined management, we have the strength and flexibility to adapt to this economic environment. Personally, I'm grateful for the opportunity to lead this team and business over the past several months, not to mention my time as CFO in the eight years before that. I remain excited for eBay's future prospects and look forward to my next chapter. Now let me turn it over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Mr. Cring?
Andy Cring: Thanks, Scott. Before we dive into financial highlights and the earnings presentation, I will begin my prepared remarks with a few comments on the impacts we are seeing related to COVID-19. These are unprecedented times and we are working hard to support our employees who in turn are working at home around the world to support our communities, customers, and shareholders. We believe our culture shines in these moments and our robust business model and strong balance sheet and cash flow provide the backstop that enables us to withstand these disruptions and directly support all of our stakeholders. In Q1, before we felt the full global impact of COVID-19, our underlying business performance was better than our expectations. Through mid-March, volume was accelerating compared to Q4 and we were tracking above the high-end of our revenue and earnings guidance range. Late in March, our segments began to see a more pronounced impact of the global pandemic. Our marketplace volume further accelerated as our sellers stepped up to serve the increasing needs of buyers around the world. However, in Classifieds, advertising came under significant pressure. Overall, while the revenue impact of COVID-19 in Q1 was relatively muted at the Inc. level, we did experience roughly 2 points of margin pressure driven in part by implementing programs to support our customers. In April, we have seen a surge in buyer demand resulting in double-digit Marketplace volume growth while Classifieds revenue has further decelerated based on continued advertising pressure coupled with the actions we've taken to support our Motors dealers. More specifically, here is a little more color on how the progressive impact of COVID-19 has been felt by our customers, how we've responded, and how that shows up in our results. First, as stay-at-home mandates rolled out across geographies, advertisers began pulling spend, negatively impacting third-party advertising revenue in both Classifieds and Marketplace. Second, as automotive dealers around the world were forced to close their doors to comply with local stay-at-home mandates, we acted quickly to protect our customers by eliminating subscription fees while these dealers are closed. Third, we took several additional steps across both segments to assist customers in this critical time. Some of these actions such as extending payment terms resulted in adjustments to bad debt and other reserves that are having a short-term impact on operating margins across our business. Fourth, in the last two weeks of March, we saw even more volume acceleration in Marketplace as buyers, traffic, conversion, sold items, GMV, and revenue growth all improved. In March and the first part of April, the strength was driven by confinement categories as buyers were focused on products for home offices, gym equipment, and indoor leisure activities like video games and consoles. More recently, we've seen a lift in other categories such as parts and accessories and fashion as buyers started expanding their online shopping. The growth has been broad-based and global in nature. In summary, thus far in Q2, Marketplace growth has significantly accelerated compared with Q1 with Classifieds seeing near-term pressure. The net impact of this is favorable in total. While some of the actions we've taken put short-term pressure on our financial performance, it's clear that taking care of our sellers who need some extra help during this time is the right thing to do for them and will make us an even stronger company over the longer-term. You can see examples of our actions that we've taken for our stakeholders on Slide 3 of the earnings presentation. In this rapidly changing environment, it's unclear how long these dynamics will last. I'll discuss how they influence our outlook for Q2 and the rest of the year in our guidance section. Turning to Slide 5, in Q1, we delivered revenue of $2.4 billion, up 2% on an organic FX-neutral basis, above the high-end of our guide. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.77, up 19%. Non-GAAP margins were strong at 31.5%, inclusive of ongoing investments in managed payment and the incremental investments and expenses related to COVID-19. We generated $702 million of operating cash and $604 million of free cash flow. In addition, we closed on the sale of StubHub for $4.1 billion in cash, subject to working capital adjustments and net proceeds of $3.2 billion. In Q1, we returned $4.1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends. Moving to active buyers on Slide 6, we have 174 million buyers representing 2% year-on-year growth, flat with Q4. Coming into Q1, we expected and saw modest buyer growth deceleration driven in part by our planned reduction of marketing spend on buyers with lower engagement and higher churn. This was completely offset by buyer acceleration in March as more buyers came to eBay for their shopping needs as stay-at-home mandates were put in place around the world. Moving to Slide 7, in Q1, we enabled $21.3 billion of Marketplace GMV, flat year-on-year and accelerating 4 points versus the prior quarter. We estimate that COVID-19 drove approximately 2 points of volume acceleration for the quarter, mostly in the second half of March. In the U.S., we generated $7.6 billion, down 4% year-on-year and accelerating five points from Q4. The year-on-year growth figure includes a 6 point headwind from the continued impact of the Internet sales tax across the U.S., in line with our expectations and approximately the same as Q4. Please refer to the appendix to see the impact of Internet sales tax over time. The 5 point acceleration versus Q4 is driven by approximately 2 points of upside from COVID-19, approximately 2 points from increased marketing efficiency and product experience improvements, and 1 point from the impact of leap year. International GMV was up 3%, accelerating 4 points versus Q4, driven by the same factors I mentioned for the U.S. Moving to revenue on Slide 8, for the company, we generated net revenues of $2.4 billion, up 2% organically, accelerating 1 point from Q4. We delivered $1.9 billion of transaction revenue, up 3% and $474 million of marketing services and other revenue, down 8%, inclusive of a 6 point headwind from the sale of brands4friends. The net impact of COVID-19 in the quarter was minimal overall with Marketplace volume driven upside offset by Classifieds downside. Turning to Slide 9, our Marketplace revenue was $2.1 billion, up 1%, accelerating 2 points from the prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 3%, a 2 point acceleration versus Q4 driven by GMV and Promoted Listings, partly offset by increased credit reserves related to COVID-19. Marketing services and other revenue was down 15%, accelerating two points versus the fourth quarter. The year-on-year decline is driven by 12 points from the sale of brands4friends in addition to COVID-19 pressure on third-party ads, partially offset by six points of growth in our Korea first-party business, which grew over 60% year-on-year. Marketplace segment margin was 36%, flat year-on-year as the benefit of reduced marketing, the sale of brands4friends, and continued cost discipline were offset by our investment in managed payments and the impact of COVID-19 related impacts I mentioned earlier. Moving to Slide 10. In Q1, Classifieds revenue was flat year-on-year decelerating six points versus Q4 driven by continued headwinds in horizontal display advertising across markets in addition to COVID-19 related pressure. Segment margin for Classifieds was 33%, down three points year-on-year, driven primarily by increased reserves related to COVID-19 as we extended payment terms across markets and continued investment in verticals, which pressured margin in a period of lower revenue growth. Turning to Slide 11 and major cost drivers. In Q1, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 31.5%. This is roughly flat year-on-year as reduced operating expenses, operating cost, and the impact of divesting brands4friends were offset by increased reserves related to COVID-19, our investment in managed payments, and the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. Cost of revenue is down 20 basis points year-on-year as a percentage of revenue driven by the divestiture of brands4friends, partially offset by scaling managed payments and are expanding first-party inventory program in Korea. Sales and marketing expense was down over 1 point versus the prior year primarily driven by reductions in marketing and promotional spend in our U.S. business, partially offset by increasing year-over-year investments in our international Marketplace business including off-platform, which is comprised of our higher growth businesses in Korea, Japan, and Turkey. Product development costs were up 10 basis points from investments in managed payments and Classifieds to expand our Motors vertical offerings. G&A was down 20 basis points driven by operational efficiency, partially offset by our continued investment in managed payments. We've added a view on transaction losses given the significant investments made in Q1. Transaction losses have grown approximately 150 basis points due to deferred fees and seller protection increases driven by COVID-19 that impact our bad debt and eBay Money Back Guarantee reserves. Turning to EPS on Slide 12. In Q1, we delivered $0.77 of non-GAAP EPS, up 19% versus the prior year, our ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit non-GAAP EPS expansion. Non-GAAP EPS growth was driven primarily by our share repurchase program, revenue growth, and our improved cost structure partially offset by our investment in managed payments and the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.64, up 12% versus last year. The increase in GAAP EPS is mostly driven by our share repurchase program, partially offset by lapping a higher gain associated with the Adyen warrant. As always, you can find the detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. Moving to Slide 13. In Q1, we generated $604 million of free cash flow, up 54% driven by higher earnings and the timing of capital expenditures and working capital. Moving to Slide 14, we ended the quarter with $5.2 billion in cash and investments inclusive of the $4.1 billion we received for the sale of StubHub business and debt of $8.7 billion. For the quarter, we distributed $4 billion in the form of share buybacks and repurchased nearly 98 million shares, inclusive of an accelerated share repurchase plan that will be completed later this year. We have approximately $0.5 billion in share buyback remaining to hit the $4.5 billion we guided to in February. At this time, our expectation is that we will execute on that share buyback before the end of the year, but that will depend on market dynamics in the second half. We ended the quarter with $3.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining and we paid $114 million in dividends. We also took two steps to further improve our liquidity position. We acquired $1 billion of debt at favorable rates that we intend to use to repay our 2020 maturities that come due in June and October. We also renewed our $2 billion credit revolver to retain financial flexibility. Turning to Slide 15, our capital allocation strategy and key tenets and targets have not changed. We remain committed to maintaining our BBB+ credit rating, mid-term leverage of approximately 1.5 times net debt and gross debt below 3 times EBITDA and a year-end cash balance of approximately $3.5 billion. We also remain committed to our dividend. Turning to Slide 16 and Q2 guidance. For the second quarter, we are projecting revenue between $2.38 billion and $2.48 billion, growing 2% to 6% on an organic FX-neutral basis. At the midpoint of our guidance, we expect Marketplace revenue and volume to grow in the high-single digits year-on-year. In Classifieds, we expect significant revenue pressure contracting between 30% and 40% year-on-year, which equates to approximately 5 points of pressure at the total company level driven by temporarily waiving fees, mostly in April, and lower advertising revenue. For Marketplace, this assumes that double-digit growth in April trends back to pre-COVID-19 levels by the end of the quarter. If volume strength continues at a higher pace than this assumption, we expect to be at the high-end or above this range. For Classifieds, this assumes the automotive subscription revenue largely recovers in May with dealers re-opening across our markets. It also assumes a modest level of recovery in advertising. While it's difficult to predict how long these market dynamics will continue, as Scott mentioned, we feel great about the long-term prospects for this business. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.73 to $0.80 per share, representing 10% to 21% growth. EPS growth is driven primarily by the combined benefit of the lower share count, Marketplace volume, and cost control, partially offset by lower Classifieds revenue and investments in managed payments. In addition, approximately 9 points of headwind come from a stronger U.S. dollar, a higher non-GAAP tax rate, and less interest income based on lower cash balances. We are expecting GAAP EPS in the range of $0.50 per share to $0.57 per share in Q2. Turning to Slide 17, given this dynamic environment, we are not revising our full-year revenue, margin, and EPS estimates, but we wanted to provide you with a little bit more context on how we are thinking about the rest of the year. First, excluding the impact of COVID-19, our underlying Marketplace business is performing in line to slightly better than our expectation across several measures. Yet, we are managing through a dynamic environment with uncertainty on potential disruptions that could impact consumer buying behavior. This creates a wide range of potential outcomes for the year. The dynamics that could pressure the low-end of our guidance range would include Marketplace volume regressing to levels below what we're experiencing in early Q1 driven by consumer spending weakness and/or further macroeconomic dislocation. If Classifieds revenue showed improvement but we face continued disruption in the automotive verticals and/or slower prolonged recovery in advertising. The dynamics that would put us toward the higher-end or above our full-year range would include; marketplace volumes stronger than our original second half plan driven by more permanent offline to online shopping shift and our ability to effectively retain the new buyers and sellers; and if Classifieds revenue improves more quickly returning to growth in the second half, but below pre-COVID-19 levels. We expect that margin rates could have increased variability in the coming quarters, given some of the revenue and macroeconomic dynamics, but our cost discipline remains strong and we're committed to our long-term margin structure previously communicated of 2 points of expansion by 2022. It's also a volatile time for currency and given the global nature of our business, significant movements can have a material impact on our results. If current rates hold, we would have revenue pressure of approximately $100 million and $0.04 of EPS compared to our February guide. We now expect free cash flow of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. This increase of $1 billion versus our February guidance is based solely on the expectation that the cash tax payments related to the sale of StubHub will be recorded in discontinued operations. We have a strong balance sheet, our liquidity is in great shape and our business models continues to generate strong free cash flow in any of the above scenarios. In closing, these are challenging times for everyone. We remain focused on our employees, communities, and customers while continuing to deliver for our investors. Our key growth initiatives of managed payments and advertising are on track. We continue to fight through the lingering impacts of lower marketing spend and Internet sales tax and we'll exit the year stronger than we entered on these fronts. Above all, we will continue to focus on the safety of our stakeholders and on returning the Marketplace business to sustainable long-term growth by providing a trusted platform for buyers and sellers to transact around the world. And now, Scott and I would be happy to answer your questions, operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Stephen Ju: Okay, thanks guys. So I guess a question on payments and I guess a question on the buyers. We're only a few months away from the end of the agreement with PayPal. So just wanted to check in with you guys on how your comfort levels with your own payment rails has evolved as you test in more regions and I guess as a byproduct, your willingness to either speed up or slow down the transition and I guess on the buyer side, the fear here is that as the world goes back to some normalcy, the people who came back to engage and buy more from eBay will just simply go away. So what do you think you can do to hold on to this increased level of activity? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: So, Stephen, on payments, look, I think our comfort level remains very strong. The team is executing well. We have two markets up and running, three now announced as we just went through. We're pre-onboarding customers on to rails that have been working. We continue to get great feedback from sellers and continue to expand and so our focus is going fast and letting our sellers really get the benefit of a simpler experience that's less expensive and a better experience integrated into their selling account and the buyers having more options and so we feel good about it. On the buyers back to normal, Andy, you want to take that one?
Andy Cring: Yeah, look, Stephen, I think the way we think about it is we've been working for a long time to improve the buyer experience across the site and we have an opportunity here with some pretty healthy buyer growth at the end of the first quarter and the beginning of the second quarter to further leverage that. We're going to continue to invest in these buyers to ensure that they are finding and realizing the value and selection that we offer and continuing to drive engagement with these customers is critical. It's super early in the process. New buyers typically will engage a little less frequency and buy a little less than retained buyers and we're seeing similar behaviors, but one of our key focus is in the coming weeks and months is going to be how do we work to drive increased engagement with the buyer growth that we've had recently.
Operator: Your next question is from Ross Sandler with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ross Sandler: Hey guys, just a follow-up on the sustainability of the GMV. So I think you said up 20% every week in April and it seems like advertising rates around the Internet are coming down, do you view this as an opportunity where you could potentially lean in on SEM or on other forms of kind of customer acquisition to not only try to hang on to the new buyers that you've got but drive more new buyers even after the quarantine's end. Any color there? And then the second question is just an update on the portfolio review. Any update on ECG given what's going on in the world and what's going on in terms of the deceleration in that business. Any new plan around the sale process and then has your thinking around Korea -- that business and the strength that you're seeing in Korea change at all. Any thoughts on where that one stands as far as the strategic review process? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, maybe a few points and then Andy jump in. So the sustainability of 20% I think what we're calling out in our guide is that we expect it to trend back down, although it's obviously very hard to tell. The benefit that we've seen is first is as I called out and then Andy emphasized, we've had a really good out of the gate kind of what we term confinement categories and broadly speaking, those categories would cover roughly 25% of the site and that started to accelerate and then what you saw is as that settled down and as that matured, you started to see buyers buying in all of the other categories. And so, what you see now is a broad-based expansion of the growth in other categories on eBay without really any being left behind per se and so from that perspective, it feels good. I think to the spirit of your question, we will continue to be spending. The nice part is these new buyers fit right into our strategy of going after the buyers we brought in the last 12 to 24 months. We're trying to activate them and so they'll go right into those cohorts and really we'll be working on things like getting them to sign up for the mobile app if they didn't come through the mobile app, getting them to fully register as a user, if they were only a guest, continuing to hammer them with emails and other value that's available on the site. So tons of opportunities there. I don't know, Andy, do you want to weigh in on the ad rate or anything else I left out on that?
Andy Cring: Well, I'll maybe double click a little bit on the GMV comment and the sustainability of it. Just you know clearly in the guide for the quarter and the year, we're not counting on those rates of growth continuing. We haven't seen anything through April to suggest that they don't. So to the extent that they would continue at or not trend down as quickly, we'd see some upside, but to Scott's point looking to engage and take advantage of the incremental buyers we have and leverage them through the process.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, and then hey Ross, to get back to the other parts of your 14 point question here, let me try on Classifieds, the Classifieds, look, I think, certainly we have got the pressure from ads. I don't anticipate once dealerships come back, that we'll have ongoing pressure from that. And so the dynamic as we look towards the second half of the year and certainly for the longer-term, we don't feel it impacts the valuation of the company and thus accordingly, we're not really looking at the portfolio, discussions that aren't going any differently than we were three to six months ago and so we are in active conversations with multiple parties as I called out and we'll give you an update by the Q2 earnings call. And then Korea, sorry, Korea -- look, Korea is a great platform and we elaborated a bit more at least in my script on a bit more of the dynamics around what we're seeing there and you know, good double-digit revenue growth in that business this quarter, a little bit of highlight of the contribution operating income dynamics that we get out of that business versus some of the others and I think as we've demonstrated along the way and the Board has demonstrated, we'll continue to be clinical about how we approach all of our portfolio around eBay. Right now we're focused on Classifieds and making sure we maximize value for shareholders in that transaction. Did I get them all there?
Ross Sandler: Yeah, I'll get back in the queue with a few more. Thanks guys.
Operator: And your next question is from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe two if I can. With the buyer growth being the same that we saw in Q4, is there any way you could sort of tease out what might have been sort of a tale of two parts of the quarter in terms of active buyer growth because I think anecdotally most people would assume that as people were re-engaging with the platform and you saw a type of better post-COVID behavior on the platform by buyers and sellers that, that number probably would have been a little bit better. So I didn't know if we could drill down a little bit on that number and maybe some of the rate of change you saw on it as the quarter progressed and maybe even out into Q1. That would be number one. Number two, coming into this year, there was a lot of talk about the headwinds that were going to be created by the Internet sales tax initiatives. We're not talking about that now, so is that either remaining a headwind, but one that you're outrunning because of the demand environment changes that have persisted or is that sort of the headwind that still persists to the same degree you thought before, but you're either outrunning it or it doesn't matter to buyers to the same degree that it did before. Just curious what the dynamic around IST might be. Thank you.
Andy Cring: Yeah. Hey, Eric. It's Andy, I'll take both of those. Like I think both -- Scott and I both said in our script, the beginning part of this quarter was performing as we expected on almost all fronts and buyers are no different. As we said, you know, most of last year, we've been shifting marketing expense away trying to drive an increased CLV with buyers and we expected to see some deceleration in the first quarter and we were seeing it and we've seen healthy buyer growth the last couple of weeks of March. So absent the lift in COVID, I think that you'd probably be looking at slightly lower buyer growth, but keep in mind that's a trailing 12-month measure and it's really hard to move that in a period of two weeks. So, as -- we'll I'm sure disclose much more as we get through the second quarter on the growth rates, but you can assume with 20% GMV growth that we've had some pretty healthy buyer growth as well. The second question on IST, look, I think part of the reason we're talking less about it is its just relative to everything else going on, it's a smaller issue. Fundamentally, nothing's changed other than it's performing basically exactly as we thought it would. When we entered the year, we had I think two states we lapped on January 1st. The thesis at the time in what we're seeing in early January was that we would lap out of the headwind as states reached the 12-month mark. We had a few weeks of data at the time and we said that that's what we saw. We now have four states that have lapped out and we're seeing consistent data across all those states. So we remain confident that we'll see lift half over half driven by IST as that headwind dissipates, but the reality is we had in the U.S., 6 points of headwind in the fourth quarter. We thought first quarter would be roughly 6 points, we think it was still roughly 6 points in the first quarter. So kind of to our expectations on that front.
Eric Sheridan: Okay, great guys, thanks so much for the color and stay well, speak soon.
Operator: Your next question is from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Heath Terry: Great thanks. Andy, we've talked a lot about buyers and buyer growth. I wonder if you give us a sense of kind of what you're seeing on the supply side of the equation. Obviously, it's really early in this whole environment that we're in right now, but in prior recessions, we've seen pretty big spikes in supply on the platform and that's impacted pricing. Any sense as to whether you're seeing growth in supply on the platform, the old narrative being people cleaning out their closets, cleaning out their attic as they have more time in their homes and are able to -- looking for sort of additional income. Are we seeing that -- have we entered that wave on the platform yet and if so, or if it's something that you do expect, how do you see it impacting GMV growth as you think about us getting deeper into the recession. And then just strategically, I realize it's sort of early to kind of ask this question as well as you sort of think about your time is -- how you're going to manage the company as CEO, but the company has leaned really hard on capital returns in the past. As you think about sort of how you want to manage eBay, how do you anticipate sort of investing for growth, investing in technology, investing in the things that are going to allow you to compete against everyone else that's in e-commerce versus continuing down the path of returning capital to shareholders?
Andy Cring: Okay, Heath, thanks. I'll take the first one. I think Scott will handle the second one. I'll try to give a little more color and you hinted at it at the beginning of your statement that it's super early and it's unclear how any of these things will really mature over time, but a couple of things that we did see. Early on, C2C was not really partaking in the growth that we saw relative to second half of March and we think that's related a little bit to the fact that to your people were moving around maybe less likely to go to the post office or deliver things and we've seen that recover a bit as we've gotten into April. In terms of supply, the listings on the site are healthy despite the fact that we've had the relatively quick ramp and spike in volume so that we haven't seen a reduction in listings on the site. In fact, I think they've grown a bit through April to support the volume spike that we're seeing on the B2C side. So we feel like supply is healthy. We've been onboarding as Scott mentioned and I mentioned onboarding new sellers through this process as well. So feel good about supply.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, you know, the other thing I'd add to that Heath is what we saw in January and February in particular when China was more shut down, we saw a dynamic that we've kind of confirmed and what we saw was just the strength in the overall global ecosystem of seller and listing and inventory availability, which was even as China was restricted, we saw domestic sellers step-up with additional inventory in the different markets where we have the buy side. So obviously, we don't have a buy side of China to speak of, it's super small. So the corridor out of China as that got a bit restricted in January and February in particular, we saw the other seller step-up and really not miss a beat and so just the quality of the sellers in the global supply chain was quite profound and so we saw tons of benefit there as kind of supply shifted around. As other markets -- Western markets started to shelter-in-place, China came back online and quickly really with a lot of help from our seller team in China, helped get them back online and shipping using our speed pack capabilities, which give them the capability to get inventory into other markets very quickly and so that was terrific. So I think broadly speaking, we walked away from the last six, seven weeks or even last quarter feeling very good about the supply quality. And to your question on C2C, I think it's a bit early to really see any substantial strength from C2C, but I would expect that as we go forward and certainly what people have already started to see in our international markets in particular is additional messaging to C2C sellers to re-engage with the platform if they haven't been around recently. So that'll be -- you'll see that in most major markets. On the question for -- I think that's Jamie, just in the interest of time, we'll park that and we'll let Jamie come back to that when we get to July.
Joe Billante: Operator, I think we've got time for one more question.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Justin Post: Great, thank you. I'll make it quick. You've got some pretty good success with your sponsored listings product. I think your target was $1 billion in total marketing. Any change in your thinking there. Do you think it could be higher than say 1% to 1.5% of GMV and any signs that make you think the opportunity could be bigger over time? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Well, a couple of things that I think we saw in Q1 that we feel great about. First off, while we raised the level of what was required for sellers to participate in Promoted Listings, we saw better quality listings go into search results and other placements that had better conversion and I think you've heard me talk about a number of times that the trick here to get to $1 billion and then north of there is making sure that this is accretive to the user experience and not a distraction, not sending people elsewhere and I think we walk away from Q1 feeling great about that. We'll work on the $1 billion first and then we'll update you after that, but look, I think the team has done an excellent job and what you're going to see us continue to do is iterate on placements, pricing, all sorts of things to just make this accretive to the user experience and I don't think the team sees any limits to this and they're really focused on it that way. Thanks.
Justin Post: Thank you.
Joe Billante: Operator, I think that's all the time we've got for questions today.
Operator: Thank you.
Joe Billante: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you again for joining us today. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the eBay Q4 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Joe Billante, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Joe Billante: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter of 2019. Joining me today on the call are Scott Schenkel, our interim Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cring, our interim Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Andy's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Scott and Andy's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise.  In this conference call, management will make forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. And our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q in our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 28, 2020, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone. As I mentioned last quarter, our focus was to deliver our Q4 and full year commitments, execute on our growth initiatives of managed payments and advertising, improve the buyer experience and seller capabilities, and make progress on our portfolio and operational reviews. For '20 and beyond, we would assess how to deliver for our buyers and sellers while ensuring focus -- we focus investments to serve our customers and shareholders. Let me walk you through each of these in more detail. Specific to our Q4 commitments, volume was in line with our expectations, down 4%, while organic revenue was at the high end of our guide, up 1%. Margin was strong at over 29%, inclusive of our ongoing investment in managed payments. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.81, up 15%, substantially better than expected. In addition, we reached a deal to sell StubHub to viagogo for $4.05 billion while following a disciplined process that led to a favorable valuation. For the full year 2019, GMV was down 2% while organic revenue growth was 3%, at the high end of our January outlook. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew double digits each quarter and was above our guidance. And we drove strong productivity, allowing us to reinvest in to managed payments while delivering 1 point of margin accretion. Additionally, as part of our operating review, we announced plans to further reduce expenses to reinvest in growth initiatives and improved profitability. The net of these actions is expected to yield at least 2 points of margin accretion over the next 3 years. Finally, we returned $5.5 billion to shareholders through share buybacks and our first ever dividend. Since separating from PayPal, we have repurchased approximately 35% of shares outstanding net of dilution. For the year, GMV declined primarily due to 2 headwinds. First, we indicated that we would reduce marketing that was not activating buyers with high lifetime values. While reducing near-term GMV and buyer growth, this also drive a -- drove a higher take rate and better profitability. The second was the implementation by U.S. states of Internet sales tax. This rollout happened faster than anticipated and affected small businesses and consumer sellers requiring marketplaces to collect and remit on their behalf. We expect this headwind to continue until we lap a fully rolled out U.S. Internet sales tax landscape. We remain hopeful and are advocating that the U.S. will take a national approach to simplify compliance requirements and reduce the burden on small businesses. While dealing with those volume headwinds, organic revenue grew 5 points faster than GMV, much of which came from our growth initiatives, managed payments and advertising.  Regarding managed payments, we continue to make great progress on our journey to transform our ecosystem. Since launch, we have processed more than $2 billion of GMV for almost 25,000 sellers on our payment rails. While our pricing has been discounted to reward early participation, to date, sellers have saved almost $10 million in fees, and they have more options on how and when they get paid. As we exited the year, our U.S. volume approached the limit permitted under the operating agreement, while in Germany, we ramped from 0% to 3%, faster than our U.S. ramp. We remain confident in realizing an incremental $2 billion in revenue and $0.5 billion of operating income in 2022. Advertising continues to drive revenue growth. In Q4, Promoted Listings delivered $136 million of revenue, up 75%. Over 1.1 million sellers promoted more than 320 million listings in the quarter. For the year, Promoted Listings revenue doubled and helped us reach our plan of more than $700 million in total advertising. While we have started to lap significant acceleration from a year ago, we still expect double-digit advertising revenue growth going forward. This performance was supported by deeper integration into listing flows and the Seller Hub, which increased adoption.  In addition, ad conversion was up due to improved algorithms, which utilize structured data to enhance search ranking. We remain on track with our plan to build a $1 billion advertising business.  Over the course of 2019, we improved the buyer experience by increasing the collection and use of structured data. We collected more aspect data from sellers in fashion and home categories by making it easier to see what buyers were searching for in the listings flows and the seller tools. When sellers uploaded that data, these structured data and rich listings make search better and convert faster. This additional data contributed to improved merchandising algorithms and Promoted Listing relevance and search. We also improved our Seller Hub over the course of the year. In addition to the Terapeak integration, one feature we launched was Seller Initiated Offers, where a seller can engage individual buyers with better deals. This feature has grown to over 1 million offers per day with pricing options and an easy-to-use automated experience. We are pleased that we delivered on our 2019 commitments. As we enter 2020, our priorities are clear. We will continue to drive revenue through our growth initiatives, deliver more seller tools, improve the buyer experience by leveraging our structured data foundation while driving more margin expansion. Managed payments will reach an important milestone in July when our operating agreement expires, and we will be ready to scale -- to rapidly scale additional countries and corridors while delivering a better customer experience. For advertising, we will provide sellers more tools to optimize their ad spend. We expect this will increase conversion and improve pricing without adversely impacting the buyer experience. For sellers, we will expand insights and data in the Seller Hub while improving our guidance capabilities. We will also remove friction from the consumer selling experience, particularly on mobile. For buyers, we will build better vertical capabilities that will start in a few categories and scale across the platform with features such as payments for high dollar items with escrow and clear item condition definitions. We will also focus on improving buyer trust through increased shipment tracking in our international markets. All of these experience will -- all of these experiences will leverage aspect data, which will lead to benefits in search recall ranking and relevance. We also plan to collect more data in electronics, fashion and home and garden to increase the overall aspect data population. While delivering on these better experience for customers, we will drive further margin expansion by simplifying our structure, controlling costs and reducing ineffective marketing spend. For buyer-focused marketing, we will rebalance spending between acquisition retention and frequency. Finally, there are two topics I would like to proactively address. First, regarding the portfolio, our primary objective is to maximize shareholder value. We evaluate each business in our portfolio for long-term synergies and value creation opportunities. When we take action, like with StubHub, we utilize a consistent set of guiding principles, including value to eBay shareholders, speed of execution, certainty to close and operational simplicity. Our Board and leadership team continue to operate with these guiding principles, and we anticipate having an update to share about our Classifieds business by the middle of this year. We appreciate that our employees continue to maintain focus in a time of uncertainty about what the future structure of Classifieds might be, while everyone is excited about the opportunities it could bring. Second, regarding the CEO search, the Board is actively conducting a process with the support of a search firm and is considering internal and external candidates. In the interim, the leadership team has the full support of the Board, and we continue to make changes to better serve our customers, employees and shareholders. Over the past few months, we have reprioritized our product road map, reallocated marketing investments and simplified our structure. By elevating our largest on-platform Marketplaces regions and global marketing organization to the executive leadership team, we are increasing focus on the Marketplace business, which is where we see the biggest value creation opportunity. Our top 2020 priorities remain clear: deliver our growth initiatives, provide more seller tools, improve buyer experiences, leverage our structured data foundation, all while delivering margin expansion. We believe these changes will result in a better balance of sustainable growth and profitability that maximizes long-term shareholder value. Our teams are excited about the challenge and look forward to delivering on these commitments. Now let me turn it over to Andy to provide more details on our financial performance. Mr. Cring?
Andrew Cring: Thank you, Scott. I will begin my prepared remarks with our Q4 financial highlights, starting on Slide 4 of the earnings presentation. In Q4, we generated $2.8 billion of revenue, $0.81 non-GAAP EPS and $672 million of free cash flow while returning $1.1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends. Moving to active buyers on Slide 5. We have 183 million active buyers, representing 2% year-on-year growth. This is a 2 point deceleration from Q3 driven in part by reduced marketing spend that was driving growth in buyers with lower engagement and a higher churn than we expected.  Moving to Slide 6. In Q4, we enabled $23.3 billion of GMV, down 4%, decelerating 2 points versus the prior quarter. In the U.S., we generated $8.9 billion, down 8%, while we delivered $14.4 billion internationally, down 1%. Moving to revenue on Slide 7. We generated net revenues of $2.8 billion, up 1% organically. We delivered $2.3 billion of transaction revenue, up 1%; and $539 million of marketing services and other revenue, down 5%, inclusive of a 7 point headwind from the sale of brands4friends. Turning to Slide 8. Our Marketplace platform GMV was down 4% in Q4, decelerating 2 points versus the prior quarter. U.S. GMV was down 9% driven by a 6 point impact from Internet sales tax and 4 points from the continued reduction and redistribution of marketing spend. The impact of Internet sales tax in Q4 was 3 points worse than Q3 as 11 more states, including California and Texas, went live in October. International GMV was down 1%, decelerating 2 points versus Q3, primarily driven by lower consumer confidence in the U.K. from uncertainty surrounding Brexit and a reduced on-platform marketing spend. Total Marketplaces revenue was $2.2 billion, down 1%, decelerating 2 points from the prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 1%, a 3 point deceleration. The gap between revenue and GMV growth continues. The 5 point gap in Q4 was driven by 3 factors: over 3 points from Promoted Listings, nearly 1 point from category mix effects and nearly another point from the continued growth in managed payments. Looking forward, we expect the contribution of payments revenue to significantly increase in the second half of 2020, leading to revenue growth remaining at higher levels than GMV growth until fully scaled.  Marketing services and other revenue was down 17%, decelerating 4 points versus Q3. The year-on-year decline is driven by 13 points from the sale of brands4friends and the continued reduction of third-party ads. Marketplace segment margin was 32%, up nearly 1 point year-on-year, primarily due to reduced marketing and continued cost leverage, partially offset by our investment in managed payments. For the full year, the Marketplace platform generated $85.5 billion of GMV, down 2%, and $8.6 billion of revenue, up 2%. Turning to Slide 9. StubHub GMV was down 5%, decelerating 5 points from Q3, mostly from the weak event landscapes -- landscape in concerts and theater. StubHub revenue grew 2% year-on-year versus 5% in Q3. Transaction revenue was down 2%, a 2 point deceleration driven by volume, partially offset by a higher take rate from pricing changes and event mix. MS&O has more than tripled year-on-year for the fourth straight quarter, delivering $16 million of revenue in Q4. Most of StubHub's MS&O revenue was first-party sales, which represents -- which provides buyers access to unique and exclusive inventory and insurance for purchase tickets. StubHub segment margin was 22%, down nearly 4 points, primarily driven by investments in our first-party business and consulting costs, partially offset by lower marketing spend. For the full year, StubHub delivered $4.7 billion of GMV, down 1% and $1.1 billion in revenue, growing 4%. Moving to Slide 10. In Q4, Classifieds revenue grew 6%, decelerating 2 points. Our German businesses continued strong double-digit growth driven by our market-leading horizontal, eBay Kleinanzeigen and our vertical motors platform, mobile. In addition, we are delivering strong growth in verticals across the portfolio. The quarter-on-quarter deceleration is primarily driven by continued headwinds in horizontal display advertising across our markets outside of Germany. Segment margin for Classifieds was 43%, down 1 point year-on-year. For the full year, Classifieds generated nearly $1.1 billion of revenue, up 9% versus the prior year. Turning to Slide 11 and major cost drivers. In Q4, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 29.3%. This is up 10 basis points year-on-year, inclusive of a full point of investment in managed payments and additional pressure from the growth in our first-party inventory programs in Korea and StubHub, more than offset by reductions in marketing and the divestiture of brands4friends. Cost of revenue was up 160 basis points year-on-year as a percentage of revenue driven by scaling managed payments and our first-party inventory programs, partially offset by the divestiture of brands4friends. Q4 sales and marketing expense was down over 3 points versus the prior year, primarily driven by a double-digit reduction in marketing and promotional spend in our Marketplace on-platform business while increasing year-over-year investments in our Marketplace off-platform businesses. Product development costs were up 70 basis points from investments in managed payments and in Classifieds to expand our vertical offerings. G&A was up 1 point, mostly driven by portfolio and operating review costs and our continued investment in managed payments. For the year, operating margin was 28.2%, up 1 point and in line with our original 2019 full year guidance. Turning to EPS on Slide 12. In Q4, we delivered $0.81 of non-GAAP EPS, up 15% versus the prior year, our seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit non-GAAP EPS expansion. The non-GAAP EPS growth was driven primarily by our share repurchase program, a lower tax rate and operating efficiencies, partially offset by FX and our investment in managed payments. Favorability versus our guidance in October was mostly driven by continued cost control and an in-period tax benefit. For the year, we delivered 22% growth in non-GAAP EPS, primarily driven by our share repurchase program and expanding operating leverage. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.69, down 14% versus last year. The decrease in GAAP EPS is mostly driven by a higher tax rate as we lap a 2018 deferred tax adjustment, partially offset by gains associated with the Adyen warrant and share repurchases. As always, you can find the detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. Moving to Slide 13. In Q4, we generated $672 million of free cash flow, down 39%, mostly driven by timing of both working capital and cash taxes. We had another strong year of cash generation, finishing 2019 with nearly $2.6 billion of free cash flow, a 27% increase year-on-year, driven by lower cash taxes, improved working capital and lower capital expenditures. Moving to Slide 14. Our capital allocation strategy and key tenants and targets have not changed. For the quarter, we ended with cash and investments of $3.8 billion and debt of $7.8 billion. In Q4, we repurchased nearly 28 million shares at an average price of $36.19 per share, amounting to $1 billion. We ended the year with $2.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Turning to Slide 15. In July, we shared progress on our capital allocation plan for 2019. Looking at that same view today, we have delivered against all the markers we set out for the year. We initiated and executed our first ever dividend. We completed $5 billion in share repurchases. We ended the year with cash of $3.8 billion, above our year-end target of $3.5 billion driven by our over performance on free cash flow. And we maintained our BBB rating while delivering on our stated ratio targets of 1.5x net debt and below 3x gross debt to EBITDA. Moving to full year guidance on Slide 16. The 2020 guidance we are providing assumes our current portfolio, including StubHub, is in place for the entire year. We will provide updates as appropriate moving forward. I also want to provide a little more context on the impact of Internet sales tax. Throughout 2019, as states implemented marketplace responsibility to collect sales tax, our sellers and our volume were negatively impacted. In each state, we saw an immediate drop in volume followed by relatively stable growth rates in the months that followed. We expect growth to recover as we lap the launch dates in affected states, and early data from the states that launched in January of 2019 shows that recovery. Given these dynamics, we expect the negative impact of Internet sales tax to be modestly larger in the first half with more states launching and then start to taper off in the second half as we lap quarters where a larger number of states went live in 2019. Please refer to the appendix of the earnings deck for additional details on the impact of Internet sales tax on our U.S. Marketplace business throughout 2019, including the timing of when states launched. With that as background, we are projecting 2020 revenue between $10.72 billion and $10.92 billion, growing 1% to 3% on an organic FX-neutral basis and minus 1% to plus 1% on an as-reported basis. We anticipate 2 points of growth to come from the continued ramp of managed payments and 1 point from advertising, which we expect to be approximately $800 million in 2020. Underlying this guidance, we expect Marketplace year-over-year volume to decline low single digits, consistent with our 2019 performance as an incremental point of Internet sales tax pressure will be offset with improvements in conversion. We expect StubHub to deliver low single-digit revenue growth, and in Classifieds, we expect similar top line growth to 2019. We anticipate the stronger U.S. dollar and the disposition of brands4friends to negatively impact 2020 revenue by approximately $200 million compared to 2019. We plan to deliver additional operating margin expansion while we invest in the long-term growth of our business.  We expect margin of 28.5% to 29.5% for the year, which at the midpoint represents an increase of 80 basis points versus 2019. This margin expansion will be driven by continued marketing optimization, focused product and technology investments, best-in-class corporate functional costs and more effective procurement, partially offset by approximately 1 point from our investment in managed payments and currency headwinds. We expect non-GAAP effective tax rate in the range of 15.5% to 17.5%. With regards to capital allocation, our guidance implies approximately $1.5 billion of share repurchases in 2020, inclusive of dilution offset. In January, our Board approved a 14% increase to our quarterly dividend, raising it to $0.16 per share. The dividend will be payable to shareholders of record as of March 2 with a payment date of March 20. Our Board has also approved an additional share repurchase authorization of $5 billion with no expiration. We have not made any assumptions in this guidance for the use of StubHub proceeds. Should the deal close in Q1, as anticipated, you can expect that we will deploy that cash in a manner consistent with our capital allocation tenets. We are projecting non-GAAP EPS of $2.95 to $3.05 per share, up 4% to 8%. This includes the impact of modest top line growth, additional margin leverage and the ongoing benefit of our share repurchase program. Growth is partially offset by our investment in managed payments and approximately 7 points from the combination of a stronger U.S. dollar less interest income based on lower cash balances and a higher tax rate as certain benefits impacting 2019 won't repeat. We expect free cash flow of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, which assumes capital expenditures in the range of 4% to 6%. Full year GAAP EPS is projected to be $2.18 to $2.28 per share. Turning to Slide 17. For Q1, we are projecting revenue between $2.55 billion and $2.60 billion, growing minus 1% to plus 1% on an organic FX-neutral basis. It's important to note that given the second half ramp of managed payments following the end of the operating agreement and the lapping of the Internet sales tax headwind that we expect our second half performance will reflect higher growth rates for volume and revenue compared to the first half.  We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.70 to $0.73 per share, representing 4% to 9% growth. EPS growth is driven primarily by the combined effect benefit of lower share count and operational growth, partially offset by investments in managed payments. In addition, there are 4 points of headwinds from the combination of a stronger U.S. dollar and less interest income based on lower cash balances, partially offset by a lower non-GAAP tax rate. We are expecting GAAP EPS in the range of $0.50 to $0.53 per share in Q1. In summary, while 2019 volume growth was challenged, we delivered on our financial commitments and our growth initiatives while laying a strong foundation for 2020 and beyond. We ramped managed payments according to plan and scale better buyer and seller experiences, including launching in a second market. We delivered strong advertising revenue, including triple digits within Promoted Listings. In 2019, we delivered 1 point of margin expansion despite pressure from lower volume and our investment in managed payments. We executed a comprehensive operating review and are on track to deliver at least an additional 2 points of margin expansion over the next 3 years. We continue to return capital to shareholders, initiating our first ever dividend, and we repurchased $5 billion of our stock. We continue to make progress on our portfolio review, divesting brands4friends and reaching an agreement to sell StubHub at a favorable valuation. We've reorganized the leadership and operational teams to deliver better outcomes in our Marketplace on-platform business, increasing focus on our customers and speed of decision-making. We entered 2020 focused on our top priorities: managed payments, advertising, providing more seller tools, improving buyer experiences and leveraging our structured data foundation. As we navigate through a period of lower volume growth, our plan is to deliver continued revenue and earnings growth, margin expansion and a consistent capital allocation strategy to maximize shareholder value. And now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. 
Heath Terry: I was wondering if you could give us just a sense of the guidance as we look at 2020. Is there a way to kind of disaggregate the impact both of the Internet sales tax, which you guys have given us a lot of information on, which I think we all appreciate, but some of your initiatives around focusing more on what you see as being kind of the core eBay revenue or the core eBay businesses and sort of chasing what I think, in the past, you've kind of described as being less profitable revenue as you look to sort of focus more on sort of the higher value or core eBay experience? Is there a way to disaggregate sort of the impact that, that's having on guidance or the impact that, that's having on the growth that you're guiding to for this year? And then as we think about sort of the process around the Classifieds side of the business, you've, in the past, talked about sort of the complication of pursuing anything less than a full sale of the asset. And I was just wondering if you could give us a bit of an update on sort of your thoughts around, as you've gotten further into this, sort of what would make sense along those lines as well.
Andrew Cring: Sure. Heath, it's Andy. I'll start with a couple of answers on guidance, and then I think Scott will kick in on the Classifieds side. I think what I tried to point out in the script and as you think about the volume guidance being relatively consistent year-to-year in the low single digit for Marketplaces, it'll have a very different dynamic half-to-half. The first half of the year with IST really at full ramp will look more like Q4. And the second half of the year will start to accelerate a little bit as we lap out of some of those states. When you elevate up and you look at that on a full year basis, we go from about a little over 1 point of IST impact in 2019 to something a little over 1 point of -- or 2 points of impact in 2020. So an additional point of pressure from IST or 2 full points of negative volume pressure from IST in '20. So that's how to think about that. And then on the less profitable revenue piece, we continue to refine how we allocate the marketing spend. And I think similar to the IST dynamic, it won't be drastically different impact '19 versus '20 where we feel like we'll have roughly 1 point of negative impact from continued refining -- continuing to refine how we allocate the marketing spend and eliminating some of the lower ROI spend.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. Heath, on the sale of Classifieds, look, it's, as I think everyone understands, a great business and a wonderful space. We've got one of the leading, if not, the leading asset in the industry. And this is about shareholder value creation. So at this point, I would not exclude any option, although it's unlikely that we would pursue an option of divesting platform by platform, which a lot of people have reached out on. That's not really in our, I think, our best interest or in line with maximizing shareholder value creation. But it's completely doable, and we're looking at all those options. And as I said, in fact, we'll have an update on that by midyear.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Sheridan of UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two, if I can, on the marketing piece. How far along are you on the marketing optimization against your goals in multiple years? You talk about continuing to reduce exposure to the lower ROI channels. Just want to get a better sense of like the linearity going forward through '20 and beyond of how you'll sort of accomplish those goals. And then with the growth headwinds you might be facing in the first half as you characterized it as the 2 half type year in 2020, any thoughts around leaning into some of the paid marketing channels that are delivering for you? And sort of how did you have first half, second half component to the marketing expenditures in 2020 or how we should think about that?
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Eric, this is Scott. I'd characterize 2020 marketing costs is coming down approximately in line with the same as we came down in 2019. And so we don't expect material headwinds in growth, but it will be reducing our underlying marketing spend. But within that, for sure, we'll be reallocating, as I mentioned, and that would include reallocating into a paid search to help growth where we think it makes the most sense and where the returns make sense as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Sebastian of Baird.
Colin Sebastian: First, I guess on the pricing experiments with sneakers, wondering what you're seeing there in terms of listing activity and who would determine if that's a model that could work in other categories outside of shoes. And then maybe as a follow-up on the marketing spend, but more specifically on the sequential plateauing of active buyers, since I think, in past quarters, you guys have indicated that this is an important KPI in terms of the health of the platform overall and potential future growth, are there any specific efforts geared at reaccelerating the number of active buyers?
Scott Schenkel: First on sneakers. Yes, look, it's an interesting question and certainly interesting in terms of what we did in December. As you might know, our online marketplace has one of the widest and most unique set of inventory of sneakers out there. And we have a history of experimenting with different types of selling promotions across different markets. And in this case, what we announced in December was a sneakers promotion that was a continuation of that practice of experimentation. It's in 2 markets and in sneakers over $100. And so what we're looking for is really how does the monetization change as you think about no final value fees in sneakers over $100, but there's other dynamics at play here, including first-party ads and other dynamics where we're trying to look at conversion and accelerated active buyers in those categories. And so to date, we've seen some added benefits, not only with additional Promoted Listings but also with additional listings by sellers, activity by buyers and GMV. And so as we look at that and then consider what we're going to do with the product, it gets pretty interesting from here. And we'll see where we go from here. But right now it's a very small scale but very interesting experiment.
Andrew Cring: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add to that, Scott, to your point, it's 1 category in two markets, but it's a way we can really highlight the breadth and depth of the inventory we have across this competitive vertical. So feel good about that. And then active buyers?
Scott Schenkel: Look, on active buyers, a couple of thoughts. First off, active buyers is always important. We've indexed recently and overweighted on getting active buyers -- new active buyers into this ecosystem. And as we've been highlighting over the course of 2019, that's favored active buyer growth, particularly with new and -- what we call new and reactivated buyers. As we look into 2019 -- or '20, we'll continue investing in new buyers, but we're going to migrate some of that spend into getting those new buyers that we brought into the ecosystem over the next -- last 4 quarters and get them to try and buy more. And so it's going to be more about generating the GMV and the GMV from them while we look at and continue to explore ways to expand the GMV per buyer in our retained buyer base, which, by the way, in Q4 was very stable, which is, I think, great news. And as we pivot into next year, you can expect us to look a little bit less towards bringing a whole bunch of new buyers in but making -- continuing some investments there but expanding more into converting those buyers that we brought in last year and our retained buyer base as well.
Operator: Your next question is from Ross Sandler of Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Just two questions. So thanks for the detail on Slide 20 on the IST. So are you basically saying that if we look at these 4 quarters that the improvement that you've seen ex IST, is that just lapping the couponing initiatives? Or are there other things that you're working on that are driving that uptick from down 6% to only down 3% in recent quarters? And then as we look forward, your guidance assumes like the year starts kind of flat in 2020 and the back half is going to be up about 4%. So is that GMV growth picking up? Or is that from payments kicking in, in second half? Any color there on those two, that'd be great.
Andrew Cring: Yes. I think on the half versus half, it's both. It's certainly an improved -- an increased lift from payments. As I said, we'll get 2 points -- roughly 2 points of revenue growth from payments in the year. And remember, we're capped through July on what we can do in the U.S., and we're -- and we'll quickly get to that cap in Germany here in the first and second quarter. So the majority of that 2 points of revenue growth is going to be coming in the second half. And then with -- and in GMV as well, you'll have the combined impact of the conversion improvements and initiatives we're working on that -- some of the things that Scott mentioned in addition to 1 point of improvement half-over-half just from lapping out of IST.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Ju of Crdit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: So Scott, just wanted to understand how you're thinking on payments maybe evolving now that you have another quarter of ops under your -- in the rear view. So I think in the past, you guys had articulated a hard fork scenario when a contract comes off to, I guess, now more of a gradual transition. So has that thinking changed in terms of the speed at which you're willing to go, especially now that you're running up against the guardrails in terms of what you can do? Second, any directional commentary you can offer about what percent of your sellers have bought into using Promoted Listings and what that buy-in percent may look like in the newer markets in the West versus some of the, I guess, the older markets like Korea where this has been live for some time now?
Scott Schenkel: Yes, a couple of thoughts on payments first. I don't -- I view our payments evolution is going right on track right now. And the gradualness is only in the near term in the sense that we're guardrailed with what we can do between now and July. Once we're independent of the operating agreement with PayPal, we will go hard at not only the two markets that we're in and expand the number of sellers and the GMV that's covered in the ecosystem in both U.S. and Germany, but we'll expand into the markets in other corridors. And so we're on track, if not, better than we thought as we look towards the second half of the year. With regards to Promoted Listings, maybe I'll let Andy, if he has any numbers, weigh in on that. But on the Promoted Listings within the U.S., I mean, what you see -- or sorry, within on-platform Marketplaces business is roughly 30% of listings are actually getting some form of Promoted Listings utilization. And as we look forward, we'll learn from our Korea business, which has a much higher percentage but a completely different take rate. And so what we've said over time is that as we scale Promoted Listings and modify how we think about not only the user experience but also the monetization of those assets to make sure that it's a valuable thing for sellers, and they view it as marketing expense versus just a take rate and a requirement. And you can -- I would expect us to continue to iterate that as we move forward within the plans that we've laid out.
Andrew Cring: And in terms of number of sellers or percentage of sellers, through the year, we grew the number of sellers promoting items by over 80%. We exited the year, that was more than 1.1 million sellers and represents more than $320 million listings in Q4.
Scott Schenkel: 320 million.
Andrew Cring: 320 million, sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Yruma of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Edward Yruma: I guess first on Payments, are you noticing any change in conversion on when a seller is using payments, whether they're seeing any negative impact from switching over? And then second, maybe just a follow-up to one of the earlier questions. Scott, you had talked about really embracing authentically eBay. And I guess just trying to think about some of the verticals that you've been very successful at historically. Any sense that you'll be able to kind of restart maybe a more favorable growth dynamic in those verticals through greater focus?
Scott Schenkel: Yes. So on Payments conversion impact, no, it's not down. I think that's just sort of a simple answer. What you do see with payments is different user behavior as you would imagine. Buyers now have more alternatives, and sellers have a series of tools from which how to manage their payments and connect their payments with their listing activity, which makes it easier for them. And so I think on both sides of the equation, this is a net positive. And certainly, the conversion's fine. On authentically eBay, look, the way I alluded to it last time, and what I would point you to in the script from today and the points that I made is as we think about not only how we've prioritize the product plans for 2020 but also as we think about which verticals that we experiment in. And again, this is based on leveraging the structured data work that we've done, the aspects that we've expanded upon recently and as we look towards 2020 and beyond, really indexing higher on verticals that are more authentically eBay that people think of. And as much as it's that, it's about also the inventory that they think of us in.  When we talk about vintage, collectibles, interesting items, et cetera, people think about us, and we just have to be more relevant not only in how we show up on our search results but how that inventory is searchable and findable on the site in a way that doesn't undermine new buyers coming into the ecosystem, as we talked about a lot last year and prior, and then most importantly, over time, also indexing on brands. So more to come on that as we move forward. But for right now, I think that's -- I think Pete and the team have done an excellent job over the course of the planning horizon and setting us up for a '20 plan that is very clearly focused on vertical categories, along with Jordan and the other regional country leaders, to really focus on where we think we can win.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Salmon of BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon: Maybe just a quick follow-up on the display advertising headwinds in Classifieds, if you could just expand on that a little bit, Scott, and maybe in particular, why you're not seeing it in Germany? And then second, just thanks for the update as well on the CEO search. I may have missed it, but I don't think you put a time line on that one, but just curious to see how you think about how we might expect that to play out while the strategic review continues as well.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, absolutely. Look, on the CEO search time line, we didn't lay out a plan or a time line, but just to reemphasize, the Board and a subcommittee of the Board is working very actively to find -- and interview and find the best possible candidate. With regards to headwinds in Classifieds, I think it's important to note that there's a combination of factors going on, particularly in our horizontal platform businesses. And each one has it just to a different degree. In particular, display ads are impacted by, a, what Andy called out, which is the shift to mobile devices, and that's been happening over time, and it's continuing and in some countries, accelerating. And the second is kind of the downstream impact of a lot of the changes within the privacy laws as well as what Google has done. And that limits, to some extent, both the market of display ads and the effectiveness as well as then what's showing up on our site. And I think that's pretty consistent across other players in the industry. That said, look, as we head towards 2020 and beyond, I think that'll normalize. And I think the teams have done an excellent job, as Andy called out, particularly in Kleinanzeigen as well as our automotive verticals to continue to expand and grow. And so I don't see this as a structural long-term concern. It's just more of something that we've got to work through, not dissimilar to the Internet sales tax.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Wells Fargo.
Brian Fitzgerald: Maybe related to Stephen's question, second question but asked a little differently. With Promoted Listings revenue up 32% sequentially, but actual number of Pro Listings, I think, was less than 10% growth there. Can you walk us through what's the strongest driver there? Is it higher bid? Is it improved conversions? And how much runway for pricings and conversions can we see there going forward?
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Brian, it's a great question. I think you answered it. It's a combination of conversion. I mentioned that in my script, and Andy alluded to it as well that a number of things that we've been doing in the ecosystem under the underlying structured data improvements and aspects that we've been collecting has given us the capability to then serve those ads up with more certainty about what people are looking for and what might fit on that page to improve conversion. The other side of it, then, obviously, prices fluctuate have been -- have gotten a little bit better. And then I think, finally, you're going to see us continue to look at where and how we place these ads to make sure that they're accretive to the user experience.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post: Great. A couple of questions. First on international. It's decelerated. Obviously, sales taxes aren't an issue. Are there any countries that you'd call out that are doing better or worse? And what are your big product initiatives to maybe help with the users and the growth there that you'd call out for international markets? And the second question is, obviously, you believe eBay stock's a good value here, been aggressive with buybacks and helping grow earnings. Is core eBay at all part of the strategic review? Are you looking at some of your options there?
Andrew Cring: Thanks, Justin. Internationally, I think the 2 countries to call out are the U.K. and Korea for different reasons. The U.K. is primarily macroeconomic. We've been tracking our performance relatively well with what's happening on a market basis, and just the uncertainty around Brexit has put pressure on the growth rates in the U.K. And then Korea, as we mentioned for several quarters, though, it's been stable over the last quarter with the continued pressure from lower margin, tougher competitive couponing environment in Korea.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. I mean as we look at helping international, I think you got to pivot to on and off platform. And if you look at off platform, first off, Japan and Turkey continue to grow really well. Korea, as Andy mentioned, is relatively stable in a very tough macro situation and keeping in mind that they actually make money in that market, whereas I don't think anyone else does, and they're doing -- that team is doing a fantastic job of iterating on how to deliver growth in a market that has those dynamics. And I'd call out two things for them. One may be more applicable to the rest of the platform, which is loyalty programs. They've done an excellent job with Smile Club and other parts of the loyalty program to really capture over 2 million Koreans at this point that are part of our paid loyalty program that bring great inventory, a wonderful payments capability with credit included and first-party inventory listings and the kind of capability to bring great value there as well as a very retail-centric first-party set of inventory that's offered on the platform. And that's a bigger and big part of that part of the business every month. That team's done an excellent job. And so while they may not be growing at the same rate as some of the others that lose $1 billion a year, they're doing an excellent job at managing and driving profitable growth even if it's lower than the overall. And if you look at the on-platform businesses, there's a combination by market. We've talked about German -- the ePlus where we've got a loyalty program there, and we certainly learned and have incorporated aspects from Korea into the German platform. We have the same in the U.K. and the same in the U.S., and we continue to iterate around those. But I wouldn't point to any one per se other than maybe in the U.K., and we alluded to this in the past. But what you'll see in 2020 is a very unique integration with Royal Mail that's going to allow tracking, which doesn't happen today. On Royal Mail, it's going to allow tracking on eBay. That'll be unique to eBay. And so consumers in the U.K. will be able to see where their packages are and improve their trust and confidence in receiving and when they're going to receive their item. But there's a lot of different ones by country, but generally speaking, the larger platform -- on-platform dynamics that I talked about will apply to most of those countries across the board. Yes. So look, the stock is a good buy, which is why we continue to be aggressive with the buyback. And in terms of core eBay being part of the review, it's...
Scott Schenkel: Everything's part of the review. The way we approach it is exactly as we've talked to you about, which is we're disciplined in how we look at it, and we continue to iterate with the Board. So I wouldn't call anything specific out at this point, but we look at everything.
Operator: Your last question will be from Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: I have two. Just the first one on 2020 GMV, I think you talked about how you're going to have the IST challenges offset by higher conversion. Maybe talk to us about some of the qualitative changes or the product improvements that you see driving that higher conversion throughout 2020? And then back to the 4Q flat buyer number, you mentioned how there was some higher churn than expected. Can you just sort of talk to us about what you saw in the consumers that were churning? Was it an inventory issue? Was it payment frictions? Or what did you observe that was causing that higher churn? And how do you fix that going into 2020?
Andrew Cring: I'll start with the buyer number, Brian. It's actually up 2% year-on-year. So just to be clear, it's 183 million buyers. The churn, I don't think it's anything special in Q4. It's more a continuation of what we saw in Q3, and it's really following the increase in marketing we spent, the buyer-driven marketing spend that we had in the second half of last year, first half of this year, where we attempted to reactivate buyers and attract new buyers. And what we saw with those cohorts is visited less frequently, spent less, and we're churning out at a higher rate. And that became the CLV and the value of those buyers started to not be worth the marketing dollars we spent on them. So that's why we've been pivoting away from that towards retention and focused on some higher-value buyers.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. With 2020 GMV, the Internet sales tax headwinds, really, what you see is particularly a high -- higher ASP items, especially in electronics categories that when people encounter at checkout sales tax, they bounce away. And the good news in that is that they are at least coming back, and we're not losing them other than that transaction. And so what you see is there's a chunk of GMV that's not returning, but it's not getting worse in the states that we've seen so far. And so I don't really see the dynamics there changing. And then the underlying conversion, we've had some minor benefits, but I wouldn't point to one thing above all the others. I think in a marketplace, in an ecosystem like ours, it's imperative to be working on the seller experience and making seller tools and seller dynamics better as well as the buy side. And I think, broadly speaking, some of the efforts that we did in 2019, as we look at conversion, improved and as we look towards 2021, improve. We're not pointing to one thing, but it's a series of things to try and improve the overall ecosystem.
Operator: This concludes the allotted time for questions. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the eBay Inc. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Joe Billante, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Joe Billante: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2019. Joining me today on the call are Scott Schenkel, our Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cring, our Interim Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Andy's commentary during the call, which is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay Web site at investors.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. Additionally, all revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Scott and Andy's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless they indicate otherwise. In this conference call management will make forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding our future performance and expected financial results. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may differ materially from our forecast for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and our earnings release from earlier today. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 23, 2019, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Joe. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited to have the opportunity to take our company forward during this period of transition. In times of change it is important to step back and make clear-eyed assessment of where we are, confirm what does not change, and identify what needs to be different. Our value proposition remains clear. eBay is one of the world's largest global marketplaces where consumers can shop unique inventory at great value. Sellers of all sizes have low-cost access to over 180 million buyers, with a partner that does not compete with them. Our near-term priorities are unchanged. We are delivering our 2019 commitments, including our growth initiatives of advertising and payments, improving seller capabilities, and growing the buyer base. In addition, we have completed an operating review and are implementing plans to expand margins. Lastly, we are executing a portfolio review to best position the company for the long-term. For 2020 and beyond, changes needed to improve the underlying health of the marketplace's business, we are reassessing how to best deliver for our buyers and sellers and ensuring we match investments to serve them in an authentically eBay way. We will discuss this further at the January earnings call. With regards to our Q3 performance, total GMV was down 2%, organic revenue was up 3%, while our active buyer base grew 4%, up to 183 million. Underlying these results GMV on our Marketplace platform was down 2%, StubHub volume was flat, and our Classifieds platform grew revenue at 8%. We also returned $1.1 billion in capital to investors through share repurchases and dividends. Andy will go into more detail on our financial results shortly. Our growth initiatives continue to make meaningful progress. Advertising sustained momentum in Q3, where Promoted Listings drove $103 million of revenue, up over 120% from a year ago. Over one million sellers promoted more than 300 million listings in the quarter. This increased adoption was partly due to our integrated mobile experience, where sellers can opt in, revenue recommendations, and manage Promoted Listing performance. In addition, we improved our ability to vary the number of ads that appear in search results, while balancing relevance for our buyers and conversion for sellers. There is incremental opportunity to grow Promoted Listings through adoption and conversion gains, and we see more untapped growth in ad rates and product formats. All of these levers give us confidence in achieving our goal of $1 billion in total advertising revenue. Moving to payments, adoption is accelerating in the U.S. and was recently launched in Germany. Since we began intermediating payments on our site approximately a year ago, we have processed over $1.1 billion in payments for over 20,000 sellers. In September, in the U.S., we processed more than 9% of volume on our payment rails, accelerating close to the limit of our operating agreement. Sellers continue to share positive feedback on the more simple experience that pays them directly into their bank account while saving them money. For buyers, we have enabled more payment choices, including Amex, and SEPA Direct Debit, which is commonly used in Germany. More payment methods will be added over time as we expand globally. We are on track with our plan to realize $2 billion in revenue, and $500 million of operating income at scale, and this initiative will be a meaningful contributor to revenue growth in the second-half of 2020. In addition to ads and payments, we continue to deliver capabilities that are specific to eBay and drive customer success. Sellers on eBay have the unique ability to directly interact with individual buyers. For example, seller-initiated offers saw increased adoption as we added more ways for sellers to drive conversion by targeting potential customers who abandoned carts. We have also added protections for sellers in major markets against abusive buyer behavior and events outside of their control. In addition, we expanded our Seller Hub toolkit by integrating capabilities we acquired from Terapeak. In major markets sellers now have a suite of features that identify what and when to sell, and how to price inventory. In Germany, we helped sellers comply with new VAP requirements while avoiding significant disruption. One of the most important ways we serve sellers is by growing the buyer base. In Q3, we grew active buyers at 4% for the seventh quarter in a row. Acquisition of new and lapsed customers continues to be the main growth driver, and is due to more focused marketing spend and new user improvements that we have launched over the past several months. In Q3, we exposed new buyers to popular eBay features after their first purchase, and are encouraging app downloads with more aggressive calls to action to migrate users to our best customer experience. Related to the long-term health of the marketplaces business, we are continuing on a path started a few years ago to organize one of the world's largest sets of unstructured inventory to power unique and compelling experiences. While progress has been made, we have changed our approach to make it easier for sellers to provide product details or aspects when they list items for sale. This is particularly relevant in categories like fashion and home, where product aspects are not specific to a catalog ID. With this rich dataset, we will continue and reenergize your efforts to create engaging experiences showcasing the full spectrum of value. We'll update you further on our progress in January. Moving on from our initiatives, one hit at headwind continuing to impact the U.S. is internet sales tax. As law has taken effect, government officials have chosen to tax small out-of-state businesses with the low no local nexus, and are requiring marketplaces to collect. Buyers are seeing higher prices at checkout and are purchasing less particularly large dollar items. In Q3, the impact of U.S. GMV was more than three points, and we expect that headwind to grow in Q4 as new laws in California, Texas, and nine other States take effect. While this impact is not unique to sellers on our platform, it is disproportionately affecting small businesses, many of whom sell on eBay. Looking at our international marketplaces, overall performance was slightly down versus last quarter. In the U.K. lower consumer confidence is driving a softer market, which we all set in Q3 with improved marketing efficiency. In Korea, we saw competitors significantly increased couponing and rather than match their investment levels at low ROI, we chose to focus our investments on our loyalty program. We are on track to double the number of members in our Korean Smile Club Loyalty Program this year to almost 2 million. In Japan, we saw GMV acceleration due to successful marketing program in our acquired businesses Qoo10. At StubHub, Q3 growth was pressured by landscapes softness and concerts and theater as fewer top artists in shows were active this summer. This headwind more than offset a solid start to the NFL season and strong double-digit performance in our international markets. In addition to these landscape dynamics, our first party sales initiatives help revenue growth outpace GMV, but more importantly it gave buyers more value and increased selection. Turning into classifieds, our portfolio continues to grow at healthy rates as we build on a leading position in many markets. Both our German and U.K. platforms, including our acquisitions of Motors.co.uk., are performing well. Looking across our portfolio or motor's verticals representing roughly half of our global revenue base continue to grow at strong double-digit rates. Recently, we have seen headwinds from lower display advertising yields in some of our horizontal platforms, including Canada and Australia. Now, let me update you on our operating and portfolio reviews. As previously communicated, we have been conducting an operating review of our cost structure, and we committed to provide an update in the fall. Today, I'd like to share that update. This extensive review has resulted in a plan aligned with our board and leadership team. We will deliver incremental margin over the next three years. The plans are robust and will impact all elements of our cost structure at different levels, while enabling us to maintain and grow critical customer initiatives. We are both building on the two-points gross, one point net margin rating gains delivered in 2019, and we intend to deliver another two points net of investments by 2022. Regarding the ongoing portfolio review, our leadership team and the board are evaluating the role of StubHub and classifieds businesses in our portfolio in a discipline manner. We anticipate sharing an update on StubHub before our next earnings release. For the classifieds portfolio, we did not expect to have an update to share this year, but are considering long-term options. Rest assured, we have made progress, and the outcome will be determined by the actions the board believes will maximize long-term shareholder value. In summary, eBay exist to empower people and create economic opportunity. This shared purpose has driven our culture for 24 years and it motivates our 14,000 employees to look to deliver for our customers every day. In the near-term, we will focus on delivering our 2019 commitments, scaling ads and payments, implementing our operating review plans and optimizing our portfolio. In the long-term, the opportunity remains substantial in the multi-trillion dollar market we play, and we will evolve our business in an authentically eBay way. Now, let me turn it over to Andy to provide more details on our quarterly financial results. Before he begins, let me say that I'm thrilled he's agreed to step in as the Interim CFO. We've worked together directly during his many years at eBay and prior to, and I appreciate his dedication and leadership during this critical time for the company. Andy?
Andy Cring: Thank you, Scott. I will begin my prepared remarks with our Q3 financial highlights starting on slide four of the earnings presentation. In Q3, we generated $2.6 billion of total revenue, $0.67 of non-GAAP EPS, $913 million of free cash flow, and we have returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Moving to active buyers on slide five, in the quarter, we increased our total active buyer base by 1 million to a total of $183 million, up 4%. Consistent with the first-half of the year, we've maintained stable buyer growth by focusing on marketing spend towards new and lapsed buyer acquisition, which has been offset by a more, by a modest increase in existing by return. Moving forward, we will allocate more spend towards driving retention and increasing customer lifetime value of new buyer cohorts. Turning to slide six, in Q3, we enabled $21.7 billion of GMV, down 2% year-on-year, decelerating two points versus Q2. The U.S. generated $8.5 billion, down 6%, while international delivered $13.2 billion, up 1%. Moving to revenue on slide seven, we generated net revenues of $2.6 billion, up 3% organically. We delivered $2.1 billion of transaction revenue, up 3%, and $534 million of marketing services and other revenue, down 2%, inclusive of a two-point headwind from the sale of brands for friends. Turning to slide eight, our marketplace platform GMV was down 2% in Q3, decelerating one-point versus the prior quarter. U.S. GMV was down 6% flat quarter-on-quarter with two points of deceleration from Internet sales tax, offset by reduced headwinds in marketing and modest conversion improvements from our evolving buyer experience, including the reduction of third-party ads. On a year-on-year basis, internet sales tax accounts for over three points of headwind and we expect that impact to increase in Q4. This dynamic will sustain into 2020 and we believe it will taper off towards the end of the year as we lapse states that rolled out in 2019. International GMV grew 1%, decelerating one point driven by factor Scott covered earlier. Total marketplace revenue was $2.1 billion up 1% decelerating two points from the prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 4% a one-point deceleration, and six points higher than GMV. The gap between GMV and revenue continues and is being driven primarily by two factors, triple digit growth and promoted listings, which made up more than half of the six points, and over a point from category mix effects. Keep in mind, as our payment's initiative scales further, transaction revenue will continue to grow at a higher level than GMV. Today, it's less than one point of the difference and we expected to increase in the second-half of 2020. Marketing Services and other revenue was minus 13%, decelerating seven points versus Q2, with four points coming from the sale of brands for friends, and the continuation of our ad strategy moving from the third-party ad placements towards our first party promoted listings product. We continue to expect total advertising revenue in 2019 to be more than $700 million. Marketplace margin was 31%, up year-on-year primarily due to continued cost leverage and reduce marketing, partially offset by our investments in payments and advertising. Moving to slide nine on payments, since our launch in September of last year, we've intermediate over $1.1 billion a GMV over $500 million of that in the third quarter. In September, the U.S. penetration rate was over 9% and we expect to remain near this level until the end of July of 2020. Turning to slide 10, StubHub GMV was flat, decelerating six points primarily from the factors Scott mentioned. StubHub revenue grew 5% decelerating two points from Q2. Transaction revenue was flat, a one-point deceleration driven by volume, partially offset by a higher take rate from pricing changes and event mix. MS&O has more than tripled year-on-year for the third straight quarter, delivering $20 million of revenue in Q3. Most of StubHubs MS&O revenue is first party sales, which provides buyers access to unique and exclusive inventory and insurance for purchase tickets. Both are nascent and have potential for a significant revenue growth. StubHub segment margin was 10% flat year-on-year. Moving to slide 11, classifieds revenue grew 8%, decelerating four points primarily from lower display advertising yields in some of our horizontal platforms as Scott covered. Segment margin for classifieds was 41%, up two points year-on-year, driven by operating leverage and marketing reductions. Turn to slide 12 and major cost drivers. In Q3, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 26.6%, which is up 20 basis points versus last year. Despite our continued investment payments and FX pressure from the stronger U.S. dollar. Cost of revenue increased 80 basis points year-over-year driven by side operations, and first party cost of sales in Korea and step-up. Q3 sales and marketing expense decelerated, 170 basis points, driven by reduction in marketplaces on platform marketing, and operational leverage, partially offset by investments in Japan. Product development costs were up 10 basis points from our investments in payments and advertising, mostly offset by increased productivity. G&A was up 20 basis points year-on-year driven primarily by investments in risk management for our payments initiative and cost to support the operating and portfolio reviews. Moving to EPS, slide 13, we delivered $0.67 of non-GAAP EPS, up 19% versus the prior year, our sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit non-GAAP EPS expansion. Non-GAAP EPS growth was primarily driven by our share repurchase program and improved cost controls, offsetting our investments and payments. Favorability versus our guidance in July was mostly driven by a lower tax rate and continued cost control. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.37, down 50% versus last year. The decrease in GAAP EPS is primarily driven by lapping the gain on the sale of our Flipkart stake, the current and prior year changes in the value of the audient warrant, the divestiture of brands for friends, and severance costs, partially offset by a reduced share count. As always, you can find a detailed reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and our press release and earnings presentation. On slide 14, in Q3, we generated $913 million of free cash up 140% primarily driven by lower cash taxes, working capital timing, and lower capital expenditures. Moving to slide 15, a capital allocation strategy and our key tenants and targets have not changed. We've executed our third dividend payment of $115 million, while continuing to aggressively buyback shares, demonstrating our confidence and commitment to return capital to shareholders in a disciplined and diversified manner. In Q3, we repurchased nearly 25 million shares at an average price of $40.12 cents per share, amounting to $1 billion. We ended the quarter with $3.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. For the quarter, we ended with cash and investments of $4.2 billion and debt at $7.8 billion, including paying down $1.6 billion of debt as planned. Turning to guidance on slide 16, for Q4, we are projecting revenue between $2.77 billion and $2.82 billion, representing organic FX-neutral growth between negative 1% and positive 1%. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.73 to $0.76 per share, representing 3% to 8% growth. EPS growth is driven primarily from the benefit of our share repurchase program and a modestly lower tax rate, partially offset by the effect of a stronger U.S. dollar, reduced income on our lower cash balances and our continued investments in payments. We are expecting GAAP EPS in the range of $0.55 to $0.60 per share in Q4. For the full-year revenue guide is in the range of $10.75 billion to $10.8 billion maintaining our organic FX-neutral growth rate of 2% to 3%. We are raising our full-year non-GAAP EPS guide to $2.75 to $2.78 cents per share based on a stronger Q3 and modestly lower tax rate and continued discipline cost control. We expect operating margin to be approximately 28% and non-GAAP effective tax rate of 15% to 16% for the year. We are increasing our cash flow guidance to the range of $2.25 to $2.35 billion and we've narrowed the range of CapEx to 5% to 6% of revenue. Finally, we are updating the range of full-year GAAP EPS to 197 to 202 per share driven by changes in the value of the audient warrant and severance costs, partially offset by cost control, lower stock based compensation, and a modestly lower tax rate. Similar to last year at this time, we thought it would be helpful to give some initial perspective on our expectations for 2020 in the context of our 2019 performance. We entered this year with a plan to drive modest revenue growth, expand margins, and grow EPS double-digits. Through three quarters of the year, we are at the higher end of our original organic FX-neutral growth rate revenue guidance, delivering on our margin commitments, growing GAAP and non-GAAP EPS higher than the original guidance and generating more free cash flow. As we look forward to 2020, we expect to drive modest revenue growth through our key initiatives, expand margins and grow EPS. Our growth in this initiatives advertising and payments are on track to deliver a combined $3 billion of revenue in the next few years. In 2020 we expect total advertising revenue to be approximately $800 million benefiting overall revenue growth by almost one point. And in payments we expect approximately two points of benefit, most of that coming in the second-half of the year. We estimate internet sales tax to negatively impact total revenue growth rates for the business by approximately two points a year-on-year. We also expect revenue headwinds in 2020 of nearly $200 million from a combination of a stronger U.S. dollar and the full-year impact of the sale of the brands for friend's business. Turning to margin, as Scott mentioned, we've completed the operational review in line with the timeline communicated in February. We've executed a comprehensive assessment across all expense lines of the business. Our margin expansion plan relies on continued marketing optimization, focus product and technology investments, best-in-class corporate functional costs, and more effective procurement. We expect these plans to deliver two points of net incremental operating margin expansion over the next three years, while providing us capacity to continue to invest in key initiatives. When combined with our anticipated 2019 results, we will have delivered three points of operating margin accretion while funding key investments including payments and advertising. Looking at EPS, we expect growth headwinds of approximately seven points from the combination of a stronger U.S. dollar, less interest income based on lower cash balances and a higher tax rate as settlement for past tax audits concluded in 2019 likely won't repeat. We will continue to return capital to shareholders in line with our capital allocation tenants and within our midterm leverage targets of 1.5 times net debt and gross debt below three times EBITDA, and we will provide additional color on shareholder return plans in January. Our preliminary expectation based on today's portfolio are that organic FX-neutral revenue should grow in the low single digits. Keeping in mind that with the dynamics mentioned above, growth in the second-half of the year will be higher than in the first-half. We expect to continue margin expansion while making significant investments in our payments and advertising capabilities. Combined these dynamics will likely lead to EPS growth in the low single digits, inclusive of the seven points of headwind mentioned earlier. Finally, we expect to continue generating strong free cash flow and a returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We will give more detailed 2020 guidance on our January earnings call as per our normal process. And now we'd be happy to answer your questions, Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Great. Thanks, guys. I guess, related to the operational review, curious if that out year margin benefit includes the full $500 million operating income from payments, and then we're generally hoping you could rank the customer initiatives in terms of priority as well as the level of investment required.
Andy Cring: Yes, Colin, thanks, I'll take the first part of that. Yes, the out year margin rate does include the impact of payments. If you take the roughly $2 billion of income, on a revenue we expect in the $500 million of Op income, that's an incremental, that comes to at about a 25% margin rate. But the two points of accretion does include that impact.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, and specific to the first question around -- or the second question, I guess, on priority of investment, I would say, as we look towards 2020, we don't have a finalized plan yet, but broadly speaking I would say our investments are behind our key growth initiatives of payments and ads, those are going to take up -- consume a fair amount of our resources focused on customers. We'll also be working on the managed delivery plan that Devin talked about at the eBay Live event. And then we'll be working on structured data and kind of aspects as I covered, and all those will be priorities, and we're also looking to do an overlay of what else we could do in the short-term to solve buyer and seller pain points on our platforms. So, we don't have a finite list for 2020, but that's, broadly speaking, how we're thinking about it.
Colin Sebastian: Okay. So is the managed delivery still on schedule to roll out the first-half of next year?
Scott Schenkel: Yes, so we're working on that. As we've talked about over the last couple of months, if you think about the managed delivery aspects that we've been working on, broadly speaking, what we're trying to do is solve customer pain points, right. We're looking at a number of different aspects to try and resolve what customers are thinking as problems. For sellers it's making sure that they have access to lower cost faster shipping alternatives. And for buyers, it's making sure that we illuminate that value for them as we look forward. That's -- we're going to have a pilot. We already have pilots ongoing, and we'll expand those as we move forward.
Colin Sebastian: All right, thanks, Scott.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much. I wanted to know if I could delve in on the internet sales topic in terms of where you're seeing the pain points of the business, is it in new buyer growth, is it sellers listing on the platform, how you're overcoming some of that in terms of some of the initiatives to outrun some of the headwinds. And you made mention in the comments that the pressure from that would likely move all the way through to next year. Can you give us a little sense of sort of the slope of the pressure, what you've seen Q2-Q3, how it might build in Q4 early next year just so we could get a better sense of how you might comp against it, and how you can invest against the headwinds to outrun that? Thank you so much.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Eric. Let me just kind of take the construct here. So, the internet sales tax laws that have kind of rolled across the country over the past year, as we've called out the last few quarters, have been a headwind. And the U.S., and remember first off, the U.S. business is 40% of the Marketplace business so that's where we're feeling that pressure, and while it doesn't fundamentally create a competitive disadvantage, what it does do is hurt small sellers whose buyers when they see the prices have to pay up to 9% more for their items. So it's really less about brining new buyers, and it's really less about sellers listing items. It's just in that flow, particularly for higher dollar items is where we see buyers abandon the cart at checkout because they're like, "Oh, wait a second, why is it more?" depending on the sales tax that were being added. Now, like I said, it doesn't fundamentally create a competitive disadvantage, but for a period of time as it rolls out across the different states, because remember this is rolling out state by state, and I'll let Andy talk to that in a second, but as that rolls out and as we assess user behaviors, which are a little bit different state to state depending on the magnitude of the sales tax, et cetera, we're just seeing different behaviors. And one of them is, if I will, cart abandonment, for lack of a better way to say it.
Andy Cring: Okay. And Eric, on just in terms of how to think about slope, I'd point you to a couple of things. One, in the third quarter of '19 there were an additional 14 states that came live, and as we indicated today that that took the impact in the U.S. from what we said in the second quarter of a little more than a point to the third quarter of over three points. And what went live in October were 11 additional states, including a couple of big ones, in California and Texas. So that'll give you a little indication of how to think about that impact impacting the U.S. and impacting the business in the fourth quarter. And then in terms of the year-over-year impact, clearly the full load of that fourth quarter playing through the first three quarters next year will have an impact, and that's what I had included in the discussion around the 2020 guide with roughly two points of revenue impact for the full-year.
Eric Sheridan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Hey guys. A question on strategic review, so you're putting a timeline on the StubHub part of that, the portfolio, but you said ECG isn't going to be happening this year. So is the delay on ECG a function of that being like larger kind of more countries, more different entities, and which is more complicated? Are there no intricate parties, any color on why that would take longer than StubHub given you kind of started the whole process at the same time? And the second one is your revenue and margin outlook for next year makes a lot of sense, and can you walk us through again what those 700 basis points of EPS headwind are taxing a few other things, but typically your EPS would grow faster than operating income. It seems like it will be slower next year. So just can you walk us through that, those factors? Again that'll be great. Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Ross, I'll take the first one. Look, I think if you step back we're pretty proud of our willingness at the Board level and the leadership team level to continually assess our portfolio, and have a track record of divesting assets where it makes sense for shareholders. As I think anyone would expect, this is done by carefully assessing the strategic competitive and operational dynamics for every business, and we've done this carefully and diligently. And it also gets into, as you little bit call out, how the businesses are integrated with systems people and processes, and all of the dynamics that you mentioned. I can only comment that in the case of StubHub we should culminate in an announcement here by the next earnings call, and no comment further on Classifieds.
Andy Cring: Okay. And on the 700 basis points, the three key drivers, tax rate, OI&E primarily interest income, and FX, I'll handle each of those just with little more detail. On tax rate, our ongoing normal tax rate is probably somewhere in the range of 15.5% to 17.5%. We'll finish this year at about 15% if we deliver on the Q4 guide which is a little below the midpoint of that range. And so there's a small impact from that included. In terms of OI&E, we entered the year with close to $9 billion of cash, we'll exit close to the target that we've been talking about all year, about $3.5 billion. That's a relatively large reduction in cash balances, and therefore interest income, and that will have an impact on earnings growth on a year-over-year basis. And then the final piece if Fx, you'll recall we hedge currencies 12 to 18 months in advance. The impact of the dollar strengthening late last year has been somewhat muted in our results through this year given the hedges we had in place. And as we roll forward into 2019 some of the benefit of those hedge gains will not be in the P&L. So but the combination of those three things will kind of mute the margin expansion and revenue growth as you get down to EPS growth.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry: Great, thanks. I was just wondering if you could give us a bit of a sense, looking at the 180 basis points in leverage in sales and marketing in the quarter, how will you think about driving further leverage in that line relative to investing in growth in GMV? And are the limitations in marketing a function of ROI or conversion rates preventing you from doing that or is it something else. And then just a short one on StubHub, what kind of impact would you say digital ticketing is having? I know there have been some pretty significant developments there just in the last quarter. And do you see that transition as impacting the value of that business either positively or negatively?
Scott Schenkel: Yes, first on the 180 basis points. Look, for this year, as we talked about, we had raised really over the course of 2017, particularly latter half of '17 and '18, our amount of marketing spend as we turn, pushing the boundaries of CLV and ROIs to try and learn what type of cohorts we'd bring in during that time and how they would mature. And 2019 was really about just kind of re-leveling that amount, and removing particularly the lower ROI, A lot of that ending up in contra, as we've talked about in the past. As we think about the future we'll continue to look at our marketing spend, everything from brand down to paid search, and really take a look at critically where the spend is, what type of returns we're seeing, as we always do, year-to-year. And then -- and also look at how we might diversify and really expand. We haven't made as much progress on social as we would've liked. How do we spend an iterate there, who do we continue to optimize around our paid search efforts, where and how do we deploy our brand spend, and how do we sharpen our brand message to make the branding efforts that we do do be more effective? And so it's just really around optimizing, but I don't really look at as much of a takeout next year in our outlook, and thus don't really expect the less high quality GMV to deceleration that we had this year to repeat to some extent. But we're going to be pressurizing our marketing spend, to the question. On the digital ticketing, yes, absolutely, this is quarter-to-quarter, it's a competitive battle. Since 95% of the business, or more, is in the U.S. we have to really stay on top of the capabilities. I think Sukhinder and the team have done an excellent job at integrating digital ticketing and making it as seamless as possible depending on the venue, the league, the performer, et cetera. And honestly, I think they've done an excellent job at compensating for the pressures of digital ticketing. And quite frankly it's pretty seamless in most cases.
Heath Terry: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Okay, thank you. So, it looks like the number of sellers using your payment rails has accelerated. So wondering if we should assume that this is signaling a greater comfort around the stability of the platform, and you will be looking to move even faster from here. And secondarily, anything you can share at this point about the profile of the person that the Board is looking to hire as the next CEO? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, look, first off on payments. Look, we feel great about our execution. Quite frankly, we've seen accelerated adoption, as we talked about, in the U.S. Germany has launched successfully. Since a year ago it's quite amazing. We've actually enabled over $1 billion of GMV as we've talked about and as you called out. You know 20,000 sellers is a lot. Now, we've processed really up to the limit that we can for the next six months, seven months until we get to the -- or actually a little bit longer, till we get to the end of the operating agreement, in July of next year. and when we do that we're preparing to ramp after that. And we'll continue to ramp in Germany over the next six to nine months. The feedback, the feedback remains strong. Look, sellers love a simpler experience that's paying them directly into their bank account and saving them money, all right. I mean what's not to like. And so as we continue to expand this globally we're going to be adding more forms of payment like SEPA Direct Debit, like we called out for Germany, and really being in the position of being able to offer more choices for our consumers. Specific to what the Board is looking for, look, I'll just say, right now we're heads down on making sure that we focus on our priorities for 2019 and deliver the numbers that we committed to you guys and to our investors. And then, as we look towards 2020, making sure that we set the company up for success and beyond. In the interim, the board, it's discretion will be looking for it will be out doing a search and we're going to worried about is running the company.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. A couple of questions, I know a pullback in marketing will just focus on the international GMV has been part of the deceleration. They don't have the sales tax issues next year. Do you think as you kind of level that off, you could see some re-acceleration there, you are thinking about that? And then secondly, just thinking about StubHub, you did mention you might have an update. We're thinking about valuation too, do you consider that a growth asset and how do you see the major growth drivers for StubHub from here? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. So, look, it's a little early to be applying on 2020 GMV acceleration. You know, we called out a number of countries specific dynamics in my script and Andy script and I just point to those and we're working plans to make sure that we do the best that we can for 2020 and beyond with investments in marketing and product and loyalty programs, et cetera. As we think about as we think the through the different country dynamics. I look at StubHub like it's an amazing business, right? It's got an amazing seller base tickets to almost every venue and every league for every game and every show in a way that in many respects, uniquely StubHub, and those, it's got a good share. And it's got a really nice user experience that we continue to evolve. And so, we think it's a wonderful asset that we will continue to grow and has tons of opportunities, as a standalone or as a part of our portfolio and we will update you within the next 3 to 4 months at the plans.
Justin Post: Great, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon: Hey, good afternoon everyone and thanks in particular for some of those forward-looking comments on 2020. I just wanted to follow-up a little bit just maybe not on 2020 specifically, but first on payments. Scott and Andy reiterated the target of $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in operating income for new payments. Can you just remind us your expectations for how the payments to PayPal sort of wind down on the opposite side of that, and maybe where they sit today and what your expectations are? And then likewise, just on the advertising side, again, thanks for the 800 million number that you're looking forward to next year. Any comments or color you can add on mix there between first party and third-party and promoted listings in third-party, and yes, I am trying to understand a little bit better on where the wind down in third-party is the question. So, any help or color would be great.
Scott Schenkel: Look, first, let me take the ads and then Andy way in if you have anything else. The way we look at this is, is first-off the user experience. I think, we have to be very careful with how we architect the user experience to make sure that the sellers that are only that offer listings that it comes up in a natural search way. Interesting flow, if we don't want it to become an all-encompassing promoted listings only type of search results. That said, there's a lot of opportunity that was called out and I won't necessarily rehash each of those, but from placements to alternative forms of monetization to merchandising and things like that. So we're very -- we remain very excited about first party. In the meantime, absolutely third-party ads, particularly display ads will reduce even further and will provide some headwinds in that advertising number for another year or two, and on a material basis, and so as we look at getting to that billion dollars, it's going to be a balance of making sure that the user experience with our first party promoted listings ad product works great and that it improves the user experience, doesn't hurt it and that third-party ads, how quickly it unwinds. I don't know if there's anything else Andy, you would add to that.
Andy Cring: Not on the ads. Dan, on the question on the PayPal wind down, you're talking about op agreement payments between the company?
Dan Salmon: Yes, basically, yes, exactly.
Andy Cring: So that is all factored into the guidance I gave. Those have been declining as we've been ramping payments. They will stop at the same time July next year when we start to ramp payments -- you know, when we'd come clear with the operating agreement. There is also data center sharing agreements between the companies. One of the reasons are we've had some increased costs on costs of sales is kind of prepping data centers to catch information going back and forth. So while we'll lose a little bit on the op agreement side, from a revenue perspective we'll gain some costs and clearly once we're clear the op agreement, the payments ramp will be significant.
Dan Salmon: That's very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Thomas Forte from DA Davidson. Your line is open.
Thomas Forte: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So I had two kind of high level questions on eBay. First is how should we think about the impact of tariffs on your business. Is there any flow through on pricing, especially in consumer electronics, and in second, how should we think about the counter cyclicality of eBay as the potential exists for one or more major economies entering recession over the next 12 months?
Scott Schenkel: Yes, I think that the user base is going to dictate -- I think relatively clearly the counter cyclicality. I think we broadly view our unique differentiated advantages offering alternative selection and lower prices. And obviously in a recession, we should make sure that we have consumers having us squarely in their consideration set if the downturn would happen. Specific to tariffs, look the reality is, tariffs will impact everyone relatively equally, but we believe that the current customs thresholds may mitigate some of the impact for us should they happen.
Thomas Forte: Great. Thank you, Scott.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple of just, the first one sort of a big picture question on getting in the marketplace, GMV back to growth after we get through the sales tax headwinds. How do you think about the one or two most important categories you need to focus on to really bring the U.S. business back to growth over the long-term? Second one on payments, what are you sort of expecting the 2 billion of revenue in the 500 million of operating profit at scale. Just we can start to think about the cadence of everything? Now, I just want to make sure I didn't miss here, are there share repurchases in your 2020 EPS guidance or is that excluding share repurchases? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Why don't we work backwards?
Andy Cring: Yes. So I'll start in the middle instead of backwards, but the 2 billion and half a billion payments at scale is a 2022 number, if that's helpful. And we talked a little bit about what '20 is and then we should be at '21 we'll ramp until we get to the '22 number. In terms of share repurchase and guidance, I don't think I'd talk about a specific number yet. I'll point you to what we've been doing in the past returning capital pretty aggressively. We're going to stick to the mid-term leverage guidelines of approximately one and a half times debt and below three times gross debt-to-EBITDA. If you look at forecasted year-end cash balance of 3.5 billion with the cash flow profile of the business and maintaining a dividend, it'll give you a pretty decent range of what is possible in terms of share count or up share, buy back and we'll provide more clarity on that when we get to January.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, look, I think back on payments, work it back up here, on payments, we're going to scale as rapidly as we can and just our focus on specific markets should let us ramp relatively quickly over the course of the second-half of '20 into '21. And then '22 will be about the kind of remaining markets or remaining corridors that need to happen. And so, my expectation is that a will go pretty rapidly up to '22 to the numbers that we're talking about.
Andy Cring: As it relates to -- I don't know if there is one vertical Brian to answer your question directly, I think that there are things that we can do across the entire ecosystem. Leave payments and ads aside, we've talked about a lot, but first I talked about earlier solving buyer and seller pain points, that's across all verticals, managed delivery will help particularly with sellers offering lower cost alternatives and then buyers having alternatives in the form of both tracking and speed of shipment and then structured data and the focus on aspects as we head into the latter part of this year and into next. That's not to say that we won't have new experiences and new products by vertical and you'll be seeing some of those relatively shortly, but we got a focus on both the kind of horizontal base level of platform as well as the verticals as we moved forward.
Brian Nowak: Great, thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, guys. Maybe a follow-up on advertising promoted listings. Growth is great. I'm wondering if there is any differential to call out with respect to how things are looking heading into this holiday season relative to '17 or '18, when it was newer? And then you mentioned, the integrated mobile app and that's helping out a bunch there. Any color, any of the dynamics you can give us with respect to how adoption has been going across the mobile app in particular or use just dynamics across the mobile app? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: That's for ads, Brian, just I am clear.
Brian Fitzgerald: Yes. That's right. Yes.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. So for sellers, this quarter we launched a capability for sellers to manage their 1P ads via the mobile app and that is expanding very rapidly and has been very well-received by customers, obviously managing those on the fly and having the capability to adapt to the different -- what's selling and not has been very well-received. In terms of -- did you mean ads growth specific to 1P ads for the holiday or did you mean just generally?
Brian Fitzgerald: Yes, that's right. Yes, that's right. Yes.
Scott Schenkel: Look, I think what we'll see in Q4 is a continued performance in line with Q3. I don't think there'll be any material difference, at growth rate wise and kind of trajectory wise.
Brian Fitzgerald: Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Brian. Operator, we've got time for one more question.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Kunal Madhukar from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kunal Madhukar: Hi. Great, thanks for squeezing me in. Just a quick one, as you talked about the evolution in the future, you talked about authentically we'll continue to work the business in authentically eBay way, can you help us how we should kind of think about growth longer-term?
Scott Schenkel: Yes. Look
Kunal Madhukar: I think from the impact of payments.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. Look, I think we all look at the growth objectives and kind of capability for this business, particularly marketplaces to grow at above retail, but likely below e-commerce and that spot there, and I think if we can focus our efforts around some of the items, not to rehash everything that we talked about, but items that we've been laying out and modifying a bit and solving for some of the buyer and seller pain points in a more short-term manner, I think we can create an ecosystem that delivers that type of growth for the long-term. Thanks for the question.
Kunal Madhukar: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sheryl, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the eBay Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any back background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Joe Billante, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Joe Billante: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. And welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2019. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless they indicate otherwise.  This conference call is also being broadcast on the internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest Company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for at least three months through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including expected financial results for the third quarter and full-year 2019, and the future growth of our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the Company's Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SEC's website at sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of July 17, 2019, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Joe, and good afternoon everyone. Our plan for this year is to deliver a great customer experience, grow our active buyer base, and scale our immediate growth initiatives, advertising and payments. As we build on our strengths of value and unique selection in our marketplace, we are increasingly intermediating and managing that marketplace, to better control both the consumer and the seller experience, while creating new growth opportunities. In Q2, we executed that plan. We made tangible customer experience improvements; we delivered good active buyer growth, and we continued to scale ads and payments. In addition, we drove efficiency to fund our investments while making progress on our portfolio overview. For the quarter, total GMV was flat, revenues was up 4%, while our active buyer base grew 4% to $182 million. Underlying these results, GMV in our Marketplace platform was down 1%, StubHub volume was up 6%, and our Classified platform grew revenue at 12%. We also returned $1.6 billion in capital to investors through share repurchases and dividends. Scott will go into more detail on our financial results shortly. First, let me provide some context on our core business. We've been reducing and redeploying low ROI marketing spend, resulting in less GMV in the short term, but stable sold item and active buyer growth. Although we've reduced certain types of incentives, we've maintained our focus on driving healthy customer growth while evolving our brand. We're seeing improvements in buyer acquisition, driven by higher conversion of new and lapsed customers, in part due to product enhancements, and also for a more targeted marketing and promotion. We have effective levers to acquire buyers and our expanding our effort to drive frequency and reduce churn. In Q2, we improved the buyer experience by increasing the number of ways buyers can discover value and unique selection. By leveraging data on existing listings, we launched new pages that transform previously unstructured listings into a more intuitive set of product results. We also recently released our brand outlet, an experience that aggregates products from top consumer brands all with fast and free shipping.  Following changes to our returns experience introduced last year, more than one-third of our U.S. buyers are now able to instantly receive labels and track their returns. And we started rolling this out to more major markets in Q2. We also introduced significant seller improvements, including Offers to Buyers, Buy Again and Trending in Your Interests. We extended seller protection by making it easier to identify and take action against abusive buyers, which dramatically simplified volume pricing, offering more ways for sellers to offer discounts. And we provided better ways for sellers to contribute more complete structured product information to help buyers find their listings, while building new capabilities to drive conversion, by better leveraging this expanded catalog. One emerging challenge for our small business sellers in the U.S. is the rapidly evolving landscape for internet sales tax. At the start of the year, only a handful of states had active legislation requiring marketplaces to collect sales tax. By the end of the year, that number will grow to more than 30 states, and it'll cover the majority of U.S. GMV. In Q2, this impacted the U.S. business by more than 1 point. And we're taking active measures to mitigate this challenge. However, this headwind is likely to further pressure U.S. results until we lap a fully rolled out internet sales tax landscape. Looking at our international core markets. Overall performance was relatively stable with some notable highlights. In Korea, we drove 2 points of GMV improvement in the quarter through investments in our loyalty platform, supported by promotions such as Big Smile Day. Our European markets were slightly down due to continued macroeconomic pressure in the UK, while Japan continues to gain share, primarily due to strong buyer acquisition and marketing investments. Our revenue growth continues to outpace GMV in part due to acceleration in advertising and payments. For ads, in Q2, Promoted Listings drove $89 million of revenue, up over 130% from a year ago. Over $940,000 sellers promoted over 250 million listings in the quarter. Sellers are increasingly choosing to invest in Promoted Listings and are seeing strong conversion and velocity. We plan to expand these capabilities further, while always balancing the impact on the buyer experience. We expect to end the year with more than $700 million in total ad revenue and were well on track towards our goal of a $1 billion in ad revenue over time. For payments, we continue to see accelerated adoption of managed payments in the U.S. Since the launch in late Q3 last year through the end of Q2, weve now processed over $636 million in payments for over 6,000 sellers participating the day. Sellers on eBay managed payments are seeing good conversion and their buyers are able to pay using credit cards, Apple Pay, Google Pay and PayPal. Most sellers are saving on payment fees and they simplified their experience with eBay by managing their business in one place. In Germany, were on track, and subject to regulatory approval, we intend to be live by the end of the year. We're confident in our managed payment plan and we look forward to realizing $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in operating income at scale. At StubHub, Q2 volume benefited from increased conversion, active buyer growth, first party sales acceleration and favorable market conditions, including the longer series for the NBA and NHL playoffs. In our international markets, a strong Champions League final and Women's World Cup helped offset lapping pressure from the Men's World Cup. In addition, we launched a new loyalty program for top buyers, and we continue to improve fulfillment with more technology integration leading to reduced service costs and improved margins. Turning to Classifieds. We continue to execute our playbook of building market-leading horizontal marketplaces complemented by scale vertical experiences in categories including motors and real estate. In Q2, we generated another quarter of double-digit growth, based on the execution of this strategy. In Germany, momentum in our motors platform has extended our leadership position and our horizontal platform is rapidly increasing customer engagement, leading to advertising revenue growth. In the UK, our expanded motors offering continues to scale and drive growth in both our organic and acquired businesses. Core eBay integration continued to deliver substantial synergies with over $85 million of GMV to eBay in Q2 while over 1 point of revenue growth to Classifieds.  Now, let me update you on our portfolio review. We're making significant progress in actively reviewing the role and value of StubHub and Classifieds in our portfolio. Review is underway and we're focused on determining the best path forward to create shareholder value. In addition to that ongoing work, today we are announcing two other actions aimed at further strengthening our portfolio. First, weve reached a commercial agreement with Paytm Mall to bring our global inventory on to one of the largest marketplaces in India. eBay will open a store on Paytm Mall, which will provide hundreds of millions of Paytm and Paytm Mall's customers with access to our global inventory. As part of this collaboration, eBay is making an investment in Paytm Mall for a stake of approximately 5.5%. Second, we've reached an agreement to sell our flash sale German business brands4friends. Divesting this business will allow our German team to focus on the opportunities in the core business. Finally, throughout this year, we are continuing to drive margin improvement through disciplined cost management and reinvesting savings in our growth initiatives. Later this year, well further communicate our approach to drive growth in margins. In summary, we are executing our plan to deliver outstanding customer experiences now, while scaling growth opportunities and driving meaningful shareholder value. Now, let me turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our quarterly financial results.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Devin. I'll begin with my prepared remarks with our Q2 financial highlights starting on slide four of the earnings presentation. In Q2, we generated $2.7 billion of total revenue, $0.68 of non-GAAP EPS, 2 points of non-GAAP operating margin accretion, $607 million of free cash flow, and we have returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Based on these results, we have increased confidence in our 2019 earnings outlook. We are reaffirming our organic FX-neutral revenue growth rates and raising GAAP and non-GAAP EPS guidance for the full year. Moving to active buyers on slide five. In the quarter, we increased our total active buyer base by 2 million to a total of 182 million, up 4%. Similar to Q1, we're maintaining stable buyer growth by increasing marketing spend that targets new and lapsed buyers, which is offsetting a modest increase in existing buyer churn. Turning to slide six. In Q2, we enabled $22.6 billion of GMV, flat year-on-year [technical difficulty] one point versus Q1. The U.S. generated $8.8 billion, down 5% while international delivered $13.8 billion of GMV, up 2%. Moving to revenue on slide seven. We generated net revenues of $2.7 billion, up 4% organically. We delivered $2.1 billion of transaction revenue and $557 million of marketing services and other revenue, up 4%. Turning to slide eight. Our marketplace platform GMV was minus 1% in Q2, flat versus the prior quarter. U.S. GMV was minus 6% on a year-on-your basis, driven by 5 points from the continued reduction in on platform marketing, and more than a point from internet sales tax. Specific to internet sales tax, in January, we highlighted that the landscape was fluid and rapidly evolving. At that time, a small number of states had active legislation requiring marketplaces to collect sales tax, regardless of marketplace or seller nexus. As we execute to, we are now seeing more states enact with faster effective dates than we originally expected. In January, three states had enacted marketplace collection laws. By June, nine states have required marketplaces to collect sales tax, and 23 more will be live in the second half, many with compressed timelines. We're seeing impact mostly on higher priced items. And in Q2, this drove more than a point reduction of year-over-year growth in the U.S. We expect this dynamic to continue and likely accelerate for the rest of the year. International GMV grew 2%, decelerating 1 point driven by UK macroeconomic pressure, somewhat offset by acceleration in Korea, driven by our Big Smile Day promotion. Total marketplace revenue was $2.2 billion, up 3%, decelerating 1 point from the prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 5%, a 1 point deceleration and 6 points higher than GMV. The gap between GMV and revenue continues and is being driven by two factors, triple-digit revenue growth in Promoted Listings, which made up approximately 3 of the 6 points, and category mix effects, which contributed approximately 2 points. Marketing services and other revenue was minus 6%, accelerating 2 points versus Q1, based on growth in our Korean first party sales. Our third party ad business continues to decline as we shift efforts away from non-strategic third-party ad placements towards our first-party Promoted Listings product. Marketplace margin was 32%, up over 2 points, primarily due to the continued cost leverage and year-on-year gains from our currency hedging program, partially offset by a stronger U.S. dollar and investments in payments. Moving to slide nine on payments. Since our launch in September, we've intermediated $636 million of GMV. In Q2, we intermediated $273 million of GMV with the June penetration rate of 3.8%. Our buyers on the new platform are demonstrating their desire for increased choice. In June, they chose to pay with credit cards, Google Pay and Apple Pay approximately two-thirds of the time. Our run rate of annualized GMV is now well over $1 billion as we continue to make steady progress towards our financial targets. Turning to slide 10. StubHub GMV grew 6%, accelerating 8 points on the strength of our initiatives in favorable market conditions as Devin mentioned. StubHub revenue grew 7%, accelerating 7 points from Q1. Transaction revenue grew 1%, a 4-point acceleration, driven by volume, partially offset by a lower take rate from price changes and event mix. MS&O more than tripled, delivering $21 million of revenue in Q2. Most of StubHubs MS&O revenue is first -party sales, which provides buyers access to unique and exclusive inventory. In addition, MS&O includes insurance for purchase tickets. Both are nascent, but have potential for significant revenue growth. StubHubs segment margin was 4%, up 2 points, driven by operational leverage and a stronger U.S. dollars, partially offset from the increase of first party sales, which operates at lower margins. Moving to slide 11. Classifies grew revenue 12%, flat with Q1. Revenue continues to grow in double digits, driven by ongoing strong performance in both platforms in Germany and our motors offering in the UK. Segment margin for classifieds was 38%, flat year-on-year as operating leverage is offset by marketing investments and a stronger U.S. dollar. Turning to slide 12 and major cost drivers. In Q2, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 26.9%, which is up 170 basis points versus last year, 50 basis points of which was driven by a stronger U.S. dollar, impacting all spending categories. I will focus my remaining comments on the operational dynamics of our expenses as we continue to grow margins in 2019, while investing in payments. Cost of revenue increased 1 point year-over-year, driven by Korea and StubHub's first-party cost of sales and site operations. Q2 sales and marketing expense decreased 1 point, driven by a reduction in marketing that we've discussed previously, partially offset by our acquisition in Japan. Product development costs were down over 1 point from increased productivity, even as we continue to invest significant resources into strategic opportunities such as payments and ads. G&A was down year-on-year, our 7th consecutive quarter of productivity. Our disciplined execution continues to drive leverage. Moving to EPS on slide 13. We delivered $0.68 of non-GAAP EPS, up 28% versus the prior year, our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS expansion. EPS growth benefited from our share repurchase program and margin expansion, partially offset by our investment in payments. Favorability versus our guidance in April was mostly driven by tax and strong cost control. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.46, down 27% versus last year. The decrease in GAAP EPS is primarily driven by lapping a gain created by acquiring Giosis and lapping a warrant agreement, which we can now confirm as Adyen. As always, you can find a detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. On slide 14, in Q2, we generated $607 million of free cash flow, up 223%, driven by the timing of cash taxes and CapEx as well as strong operational growth. Moving to Slide 15. Our capital allocation strategy and our key tenants and targets have not changed. We've executed our second dividend payment of $120 million, while continuing to aggressively buy back shares, demonstrating our confidence and commitment to return capital to shareholders in a disciplined and diversified manner. In Q2, we repurchased nearly 40 million shares at an average price of $37.62 per share, amounting to $1.5 billion. We ended the quarter with $4.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. For the quarter, we ended with cash and investments of $6.3 billion and debt of $9.3 billion.  Turning to slide 16. I'd like to remind you of our specific capital allocation plans for 2019, and the progress we've made through the first half and since separation. As planned, we've initiated a quarterly dividend and made two payments. We announced a $5 billion of share repurchases in 2018 and we've repurchase $3 billion worth of shares in the first half. Since separation, weve bought back $14.3 billion, representing nearly 31% of shares outstanding net of dilution, which amounts to more than 150% of our free cash flow over that time. Our midterm leverage targets remain 1.5 times net debt and gross debt below 3 times EBITDA. We expect to pay down $1.6 billion of debt in Q3 without refinancing. We expect our net debt over the long-term to be between $3 billion and $4 billion, while maintaining its BBB plus rating. On slide 17, before we look closer at Q3 and full-year guidance, I want to call out a couple of dynamics that are impacting our revenue outlook this quarter, but not our -- and for the rest of year, but not our organic F-neutral revenue growth rate or our non-GAAP earnings estimates. The sale of brands4friends and the stronger U.S. dollar will lower full year revenue dollars by approximately $100 million and in Q3 by approximately $30 million. For Q3, we are projecting revenue between $2.61 billion and $2.66 billion, growing 1% to 3% on an organic FX neutral basis. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.62 to $0.65 per share, representing 10% to 15% growth. EPS growth is driven primarily by the net benefit of our share repurchase program. In addition, operational growth including margin expansion will be offset by our investments in payment intermediation. We are expecting GAAP EPS in the range of $0.40 to $0.44 per share in Q3. For the full year, revenue guidance's in the range of $10.75 billion to $10.83 billion, maintaining the organic FX-neutral growth rate of 2% to 3%. Operating margin expansion continues at 28% to 29% and non-GAAP effective tax rate decreases slightly to 15% to 17%. We are increasing our full-year non-GAAP EPS guidance to $2.70 to $2.75 per share, based on a stronger Q2, a modestly improved go-forward tax rate, volume leverage and disciplined cost control. Cash flow remains $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion as does CapEx at 5% to 7% of revenue. Finally, we are increasing full-year GAAP EPS to $1.97 to $2.07 per share, driven by cost control, lower stock-based capitation and a modestly lower tax rate. In summary, we entered 2019 focused on delivering shareholder value through modest revenue growth, expanding margins, strong double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth and more capital return. Halfway through the year, we continue to deliver on this plan with 3% FX-neutral organic revenue growth, 1 point of margin expansion net of foreign exchange, 27% non-GAAP EPS growth over and $3.2 billion in total capital return to shareholders. We continue to operate as disciplined capital allocators, balancing strategic acquisitions and investments that provide buyers around the world with value and selection while continuing to repurchase shares and divest assets that provide a better return for our investors. We continue to be confident in this year and beyond, holding organic FX-neutral revenue growth and raising GAAP and non-GAAP EPS guidance for the second quarter in a row. Looking further out, well preview 2020 during our third quarter earnings call as weve done in the past. And now, wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks. When we look at GMS growth, I was wondering if you could kind of help disaggregate for us some of the drivers behind that, particularly as it relates to the efficiencies that youre seeing in marketing. How should we separate sort of the impact of those marketing efficiencies versus the ongoing technology improvement and sort of the efforts that you're making around structured data, which I know weve talked about for a while but also the new product pages. Just wondering we see the net effect, just hoping you can kind of give us a little bit more of the pluses and minuses behind that.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. Heath, maybe Ill just comment on numbers and then Devin can elaborate maybe a bit on the product side. Generally speaking, overall, if we focus on the U.S., we accelerated points, so more or less the same. But if you really tease out the underlying, some of our export quarters out of the U.S. did a little bit better, and that was partially offset by the internet sales tax dynamics that I laid out. If you look year-over-year -- that was versus Q1, but if you look at year-over-year, the deceleration really is driven by and large by the reduction in marketing spend as we redeploy and reallocate and also cut marketing costs. And then, a little bit, as I called out in my prepared remarks year-over-year, a little bit more than a point from internet sales tax. Underneath that, we did make a series of product changes that in aggregate haven't yet moved the bigger picture number in the U.S., but are I think making a difference to the ecosystem and we feel good about the future.
Devin Wenig: Yes. I mean, I'd just add that this year is playing out exactly as we had said it would. And I guess, our confidence is that we have line of sight to the reason GMV is suppressed right now. It's marketing, which is in our control, it's internet sales tax, which will roll out, and it will roll out of it at some point next year. So, we know those things, they are explainable and to some extent controllable. Underlying that the marketplace is healthy. We've never had more buyers. We've never had more inventory. The product is improving. And we are hitting another good stride right now in our product development process. So I have a lot of confidence in the core health and strength of the marketplace, because I can understand why there is a short-term suppression in GMV, and that's what we said would happen early in the year. It's exactly playing out as we had said.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. The other thing I'd add Heath is internationally as I called out, there is some pressure. We are down a point quarter-to-quarter. That's really driven by mix, a little bit of downside from the UK, partially offset by a little bit of benefit from Korea. And so, those dynamics continue to play out. And as we go forward, there is a lot of dynamics that play, including internet sales tax that are implied in our guidance, and we'll continue to work through those. And hopefully the product changes that we made will continue to amplify, as we get into the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Sandler of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Great. Guys, just a question on the marketplace segment margin. So, it's been improving 200 bps, it's still in the low 30s. I guess, where do you see that going kind of medium to long term,. how much more upside in terms of expense efficiency, and just kind of the natural lift in that margin do you see? And then, second question on the portfolio review, just curious to hear your thoughts on the idea that's out there about selling classifieds potentially in separate pieces, kind of country-by-country versus doing like a spin or a sale for the whole entity. Just any thoughts on that? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. So, first off on margin. Let me comment in the short term. So, we had nice margin expansion this quarter in marketplaces. I think, you can expect continued margin expansion driven by marketing that we've talked about over the course of the year, but in the second half of the year, as you might remember I called out last quarter, there is a dynamic first half versus second half from foreign exchange, and we've been calling those differences out, roughly 0.5 point this quarter. That normalizes in the second half of the year. So, there won't be as much margin leverage in the second half of the year and that will -- some of that will show up in marketplaces. But, we expect to continue to be rationalizing and reallocating the marketing and focusing it in ways that we've spoken about. So, I would expect some marketing benefits going forward as well as just ongoing continued cost control. So, in the longer to -- medium and longer term, we'll talk about at least 2020 in October at the earnings call then and I'll give you a bit more definitive of an answer on that front.
Devin Wenig: And Ross on the portfolio review, we're just not going to say anything about it. We'll let people know when there is something to say, but until then, we're just not going to say a word about the process or what's going on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark May of Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark May: Thank you. On the internet sales tax, you've talked about a 1% or I guess now greater than 1% impact. But there have been very few states that have had it implemented with the pretty significant ramp that's starting up in the back half of the year. How are you guys thinking about the impact, what are you assuming in your guide? And then, I believe in May-June timeframe, Google made some search algo changes. Some data out there suggests that eBay may have been negatively impacted by that. Obviously over the years in the past, this has happened. And just curious what if anything you've seen so far. Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Go ahead.
Scott Schenkel: I was just going to say, on internet sales tax implied in our guidance is that more states will roll out and that the impact will get worse before it gets better. That is implicit in our guidance is that as you're going to reach sort of the peak of states rolling out probably in Q4 and that's implied in what we're seeing, I think some of it, we're not a 100% sure how it plays out, because there are replacement. There is a replacement inventory and as this gets more penetration in the marketplace or other dynamics that may end up substituting. But right now, what we're assuming, is that the impact on the U.S. business will continue to grow, and then we'll start lapping out of it and then it will shrink and basically fade into the background, but it is certainly -- we're certainly not through it. And I'll just take the opportunity to say for a second, as a policy matter, this is exactly what we said, which would happen, which is small U.S. businesses are being disfavored, the impact is disproportionate around strong -- on small U.S. businesses. It's favoring larger businesses and retailers and it's also favoring international businesses. So, we again will call for a federal legislation on internet sales tax and a small business exemption. And I'll say that you'll continue to hear me say that because what we're seeing is exactly what we had feared and what we had said. On the algo change, we haven't seen a material change in search in the May-June timeframe from Google.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Devin or Scott, I guess, we got the sense the last time we talked to you guys that you are being extraordinarily careful with the payments rollout and moving sellers into the program almost one by one as opposed to chunk set of times, and I think that's broken on the way. So, you have added what looks like 1,700 sellers versus about 800 last quarter. So, should we take this to assume that the process to transfer the incremental seller is getting progressively easier? And once you start doing this more formally in Germany, do you expect the transfer to be more easier, more difficult? And separately, not that you're in a position to offer us 2020 guidance, but some of the GMV deceleration this year is self-inflicted due to marketing and additionally, as you said from the sales tax friction. So, should we be thinking or even hoping for in line with retail type of a GMV growth for the U.S. next year and further for your marketplaces revenue, the GMV growth is no longer disconnect like it did this year? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: On payments, a couple of dynamics that I think are interesting. So, first of all, today is the one-year anniversary of -- a year from today will be five years and that's where the restriction on the rollout will fade away. So, you can expect us to pick up the pace. I think, some of it has been the product build, some of it has been there is no need to go faster because we're capped under the OA anyway. As we start to roll up here to 12 months from today, you will see us begin to pick up the pace. And I'm particularly pleased with seller experience. Sellers are seeing really good conversion, buyers are seeing choice, sellers are seeing unified accounts and theyre saving money, everything that we would have hoped. So, I'm very pleased with the payments execution. And on the buyer side, it's very interesting. You heard in Scott's remarks that now with PayPal rolled out, buyers are showing that they want choice. We're seeing after PayPal has been rolled out, penetration of PayPal of approximately 35% roughly. And that's compared to almost double that on the rest of the marketplace. So, buyers are voting with their wallets and they are choosing for choice. So, you will expect us to pick up the pace. In terms of GMV, obviously, we're not giving you 20 guidance. Well just say what we say all the time, which is we think the long-term sustainable growth rate of the business is probably somewhere above retail and below ecommerce. And at these margins, we think that's a great business and a sustainable growth rate. But what -- where well be next year, we'll obviously talk about that in October.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. And remember, Steve, the other dynamic for next year and the year after will be that scaling of payments revenue into our business. And so, while we'll get into what GMV looks like later in the year from a guidance perspective, you can expect that the revenue will be in a reasonably higher than that in addition to the first-party ads dynamics that we've talked about in the past. So, I think we feel pretty good about the revenue and we've got a lot of work to do between now and the end of the year when we start talking on October about 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Salmon of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon: I'll go to the other driver and advertising and Promoted Listings. I think, Devin, you mentioned that you've expanded now to 940,000 sellers from I think 800,000 last quarter. But, I think it was in May you announced sort of a broader rollout to all sellers in good standing. Just curious if you can help us understand the impact of that announcement and where we expect that seller, and should we expect the number of sellers using Promoted Listings to start to accelerate as well as a result of that? And then, just on the flip side, just any color you can add on the continued wind-down of the third-party ads? Is there -- maybe be not a specific guidance to when we might to see that trough out but a timeline could help us feel that out a little bit better. Any color you can add would be helpful.
Devin Wenig: Yes. On the first part, yes, it's a good call-out. I think we said last quarter that growing first party ads business is both sides of the funnel. It's supply and demand. For supply, we've opened it up to more sellers, we're giving them more tools, we're giving them better data so that they can understand and calculate an ROI on their ad spend on eBay, which we think is actually very strong. We think we have a very compelling value proposition. I mean, sellers advertise on eBay and they have -- they look at that as a choice, just like they could advertise on other ad platforms. And actually what we see is that we have a really good value proposition for them, and that's playing out in the growth that we're seeing in the sellers and the density of ads, in the way that they are using it. I should also point out that next week, we have a very large seller event called eBay Open and we have thousands of our customers coming to that. And we'll have more to say about the future of ads and we'll have more to say about that and other things. It should be an exciting week for us next week. And on the buyer side, obviously, there is the exposure of those ads in both search and in browse and merchandising. And that also, as we get confident that we're not cannibalizing organic results, if you will, we can expand the results there. So, the growth this quarter which was really outstanding as a result of both the sell side and the buy side expansion.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. To your second question in terms of the timeline, Id just point to is that third-party wind down is highly correlated with first-party acceleration. First-party acceleration in terms of where ads are going to be in place, what the efficiency of those ads and conversions of those ads are and how we change the user experience. You can do the math, but we've had some acceleration in the third-party wind-down over the last couple of quarters. I would expect that to continue as we head forward. And we will continue to break these growth rates out for you, so you understand the underlying dynamics.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Sebastian of Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Devin, you called out some opportunities to address higher buyer churn. And I guess, just given the efforts to control marketing spend at the same time, is that something that you still kind of address over the near term or is that more of a longer term effort? And then, hoping for any updates on what you're seeing from some of the pilot initiatives with fulfillment and shipping, and in particular if you're going to plan any expansion of those efforts, ahead of the holidays? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Thanks for the question, Colin. On buyers, we are very focused now on buyer frequency, on reducing buyer churn. We're seeing outstanding new customer acquisition, really strong, brand new customers coming to eBay, which is encouraging. Many of those are millennial; we're seeing a better skew towards women who are shopping with us. Some of those cohorts have lower spend than our existing cohorts, but they're all on the right side of positive CLV. So, we're happy with what we see. And the hope is that we can drive frequency and we're very focused on that, that's both product and marketing. Right now, we're very dialed into driving frequency and my hope is that, that isn't a long-term plan, that's something that we can do soon. And some of that is implicit in our steady buyer growth that we've seen over the last several quarters. On fulfillment, nothing to say right now. I think it's worthwhile to stay tuned.
Scott Schenkel: What I'd say Colin on our fulfillment just specific to the question, we constantly leverage our size and scale on a global basis to provide services to our sellers that are cheaper. And we've talked about that with respect to helping sellers position inventory in country with coordinated and essentially negotiated lower fees from fulfillment. And as we look at this fulfillment trio in the U.S. because most of what we've been talking about is international, different international markets, 70% of what's sold on the site are ready comes with free shipping in the U.S. And in the U.S., nearly two-thirds of items arrive in three days or less. So, I think the intent of the program is to further enhance via guaranteed delivery program, those types of metrics to further improve the user experience.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. You have put up two quarters of nice leverage in sales and marketing on a year-over-year basis, and you've talked about finding efficiencies, I think, in your marketing spend removing some of your lower ROI channels. How long of a transition is this in marketing? I realized it's constantly being optimized, but is there a greater level or attention to optimization this year that then kind of normalizes going into next year? And any color at all on what those lower ROI marketing channels are that you have been reducing? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Yes. The simple answer on lower ROI channels markets, last year, we pushed the curve quite aggressively on things like promotions, saw a lot of kind of sitewide sales and coupons and things like that. And as we started to measure those cohorts, we would have kept it going if we're happy with the value of the customers we're bringing in and their spend profile. The fact is, we've always been disciplined marketing allocators. And it was worth trying and pushing that limit. But as we saw the returns coming back, particularly the cohort of buyers we were acquiring through that activity, it wasn't worth it, quite honestly. So, a lot of this is a reduction from us really pushing the marketing curve last year. And there may be more, we're always trying to push efficiency in our channels, but we're also trying new channels, some of them may have lower ROI early on and we grow it over time. In particular, we're diversifying from Google and search channels into social channels, we're diversifying into affiliate channels, we're diversifying -- and always trying to bring direct traffic. One of the best attributes of our business is it's very strong mix of direct traffic compared to paid traffic. So, we'll keep advertising the brand, keep working the other channels. And for the rest of the year we'll keep removing and somewhat lapping the low ROI spend from last year, and that's in the dynamic we've been talking about since February or March.
Scott Schenkel: Hey, Mark. Let me just call out a couple of things that came out in my prepared remarks, but just to pull them together based on your question. First off, both StubHub and classifieds spent more in marketing this quarter, we call those out in the prepared remarks and in the margin dynamics. And so, that's going to, at the company level, mute the reduction that you would have seen. That's one dynamic. The second dynamic is within the marketplaces business. Korea and Japan actually spend more in contra which then further mutes the fact that contra and other marketing expenses further down in call it core on eBay marketplaces businesses. And so, it's a bit muted at the Company level and a lot of the dynamics we're talking about are core on platform ex-StubHub, ex-classifieds and ex-Japan and Korea. So just to try and navigate through from what you see in the prepared remarks and in the presentation and ultimately in the queue.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Forte of DA Davidson. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Thomas Forte: So, during the quarter you announced that you were going to potentially participate in Facebook Libra. I wanted to know what you thought eBay's opportunity could be there, because I think that's quite an interesting initiative by Facebook and how that can fit into kind of eBay 2.0 payment options in the future? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: I think that I've been following crypto and blockchain for quite some time. And without going on a tangent, the short answer is, the opportunity for the blockchain to reduce settlement costs, improve security and improve transparency is definite. I'm a believer that a public distributed database can reduce settlement costs. People still pay a lot for interchange, they pay a lot for settlement and clearing and that are in systems that at times are not secure and at times don't serve the needs of the particularly small businesses. So, we're advocates about the possibility. One of the things that's prevented crypto from really having any penetration with retail is the volatility. And nobody is going to pay with the currency that moves up and down 15% a day. So, the opportunity with Libra is for buyers because it's pegged to -- a basket of fee our currency, to build currency thats stable. The opportunity for sellers is to lower their costs even further. We're going to lower their costs with payment intermediation, the potential that this is ever got up and running because we could lower their costs even further. So, I think Libra is speculative, I think Libra may or may not work. I understand that the regulatory scrutiny. It is led by Facebook, we'll let them lead that. But we're participants as advocates on behalf of our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Thank you. Scott, I wondered if you could revisit the advertising opportunity. I think, you reiterated $1 billion. Where are you on total ad dollars today? And then when you think about $1 billion being a little bit over 1% of GMV, Amazon is a lot higher. Do you think $1 billion is conservative, is there a room to go higher? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Well, look, let's say get to $1 billion first. I guess, the way I'd frame it, I think, Devin in his prepared remarks said $700 million. Well continue to expand above that with the mix of first-party which is, I'll remind everyone. I think you know, it shows up in transaction revenue. And as the third-party ads unwind that will lower our overall MS&O and ads reported number. And that's why we keep talking about it in aggregate, but $700 million continuing to grow, we'll get to a billion here in the next year or two and continue to expand our capabilities. And I think the balance is making sure there is a good user experience. So, we'll get to a $1 billion when well get to a $1 billion, that will be as soon as we possibly can. We're pushing on that on all fronts, with the balance being, let's make sure the product experience doesn't get destroyed in that and that people can find what they're looking for, and that the searches that they do and the ads that we serve them are extremely relevant and continue to convert and are worth having our sellers invest in.
Devin Wenig: Hey, operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Your last question will be from Ygal Arounian of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ygal Arounian: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So, in the press release, you noted that you launched new pages that transformed from unstructured listings to structured, and product listing pages. So, I wanted to hear maybe there was more color around that. Is that different than the ongoing strategy you guys have had to roll out more pages on to product listings. And then, just one quick follow-up on the existing buyer churn. I know, you said it was modest, but was there anything specific driving that, was it the lower marketing spend or was it something else? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: On the first part, I think we continue to evolve our catalog and structured data approach, and it's really both top down and bottom up and I'm very excited about the bottom up. The top down has been what we've been progressing and still are, it's really about attachment to products, and that's really important. What's also important are the attributes of those products. The aspects, the bottom up, like the characteristics of a phone, here is the memory, here is the color. And what we see is that as our product listings have more richness in those descriptions and in those attributes, they convert better, in part that's because they attach to buyer searches better. So, we are encouraging and in some cases mandating, sellers add more to those products listings. And then, we are incorporating that in the search and that's driving better conversion. And you'll see us continue to make it easier for sellers to contribute. And having our search engine on the buyer side, pick up those attributes more and more aggressively over time. And again, we will have more to say about that next week at our big seller event. But we're really pleased and excited about the way forward on our catalog and structured data. Oh, sorry. And on existing buyer churn, part of what that is reflecting is, a year ago we had some experiments in Mainland, China. We're lapping out of some of those buyers in Mainland, China. So, some of that increased churn reflects that. But it doesn't -- it's not a material difference in any of our core on platform markets.
Operator: I will now turn the call over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Devin Wenig: I think we're all set on our side. So, I think we can close the call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBay Q1 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Joe Billante, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Billante, you may begin.
Joe Billante: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. And welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2019. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless they indicate otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for at least three months through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including expected financial results for the second quarter and full-year 2019, and the future growth of our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the Company's Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SEC's website at sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 23, 2019, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig: Thanks. And before I start, let me just publicly thank Selim Freiha, who has been our Head of the Investor Relations and done a great job over the last couple of years, and welcome Joe. We delivered a solid first quarter, driven by healthy buyer growth, strong advertising performance and disciplined cost control. GMV declined slightly year-over-year, which was in line with our short-term expectations, as we noted last quarter. We returned $1.6 billion in capital to investors through share buybacks and our first-ever dividend payment. In Q1, total GMV was down 1%, our revenue was up 4%, while our active buyer base grew 4% to 180 million. Underlying these results, GMV on our Marketplace platform was down 1%, StubHub volume was down 2% and are Classifieds platform grew revenue at 12%. Scott will go into more detail on our financial results shortly. To begin, let me provide some context on our business. As we mentioned last quarter, we entered the year with the intention to reduce low ROI marketing spend while maintaining the focus on driving positive buyer growth with new product experiences and targeted marketing. In Q1, that's exactly what we did. We removed a significant amount of promotional spend that tended to subsidize higher priced items at low ROI. The impact of this change was lower GMV, driven by lower average price but steady sold item growth. In addition, we saw an impact to our business from the adoption of internet sales tax in the U.S., as well as value-added tax in international markets. A number of jurisdictions have enacted legislation requiring marketplace collection of tax. Without a small business exemption, this trend will increasingly impact small domestic sellers, making it harder for them to compete in an increasingly global and large merchant dominated world. On our platform in Q1, we saw approximately one point of impact on U.S. GMV and less than a point internationally. This will be a headwind until we lap a fully rolled out internet tax landscape. However, it's worth noting that the global tax environment remains fluid and it will evolve. In Q1, we continued to make the product experience simpler and easier for new users. We scaled the better guest experience and reduced friction for guests to become a fully registered customer. We also launched an expedited registration process at multiple points across our experience. Sellers have been provided new guidance to improve their product aspect coverage, which is improving our structured database catalog, and this is beginning to lead to product experiences such as search and product pages that deliver better conversion. Visual search is improving, and were making it more accessible. Our customers are now doing 150,000 visual searches a day and eBay guaranteed delivery continues to expand as we exited Q1, a 25% volume coverage in the U.S. At the same time, we provided a series of enhancements to our sellers to make it easier to manage listings and provide value to buyers. Sellers now see competitive pricing data side-by-side when listing or managing their inventory. We also improved recommendations on items, which would benefit most from Promoted Listings and expanded seller eligibility in Q1 by more than 20%. Going forward, our focus will remain on empowering seller success, not on competing with them, while maintaining one of the most competitive take rates in our industry. While our GMV is down slightly year-on-year, our revenue is growing, and the gap between GMV and revenue will likely continue. This growth was partly driven by Promoted Listings, where more sellers are opting to invest to grow their business. In Q1, we had more than $800,000 active sellers promote over 200 million listings. This helped drive over $65 million of revenue this quarter, up nearly a 110%. As we've mentioned previously, as this business scales, were reducing third party ads, which are not accretive to our ecosystem. We're very pleased with our progress and remain on track towards a $1 billion advertising revenue opportunity. Looking at payments. We continued to ramp sellers and volume in our intermediated experience. We launched Google Pay in our early April and its adoption is in line with expectations. We also completed the integration of PayPal on our new platform, which has been live for a couple of weeks with a small set of customers and will continue scaling. Since the late Q3 launch last year until the end of Q1, we've now enabled 363 million of GMV with over 4,300 active sellers who've opted into the program. To-date, we saved those sellers $2.7 million in payment-related costs. As we said before, we expect to begin a full rollout in 2020, building to a $2 billion revenue opportunity at scale. Lastly, on payments. Subject to regulatory approval, were preparing to launch in our second major market, which will be Germany. As one of our largest international markets, Germany will provide a diverse testing ground for more payment methods as we expand globally. Our StubHub Q1 volume was impacted by landscape softness with the week college football championship game and Super Bowl. This was partially offset by better growth in the NBA. As part of improving the customer experience, we refreshed our merchandising and launched a new homepage in Q1. Were also driving cross selling by merchandising more eBay items and check out plus, we continue to direct ticket demand on eBay to StubHubs tailored vertical experience. In our Classified platform, we continued -- we saw continued strength in our motors verticals. Our leading position in Germany helped drive another quarter of double-digit revenue growth and our expanded offering in the UK contributed 1 point of acceleration first Q4. Were repeating this playbook in Canada where we recently launched the Kijiji Autos vertical. We also delivered synergy with our core eBay integration which drove over 80 million of GMV to eBay in Q1, while delivering nearly 2 points of that revenue to Classifieds. During the quarter, eBay ad yields to Classifieds crossed an important threshold by beating the next best third-party alternative, allowing the more meaningful contribution to eCGs results going forward. Finally, with respect to the operational and portfolio reviews, which we announced in March, the process is underway. While we do not have material updates to share at this time, we remain on track with what we've communicated previously. In summary, we will continue to focus on growing our customer base, delivering on our ads and payment initiatives and returning capital throughout the year. We feel strongly about our ability to deliver value now and in the future to our customers, employees and shareholders. And with that, I will turn it over to Scott to provide more details on the quarter.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Devin. I'll begin my prepared remarks with our Q1 financial highlights starting on slide four of the earnings presentation. In Q1, we generated $2.6 billion of total revenue, delivered $0.67 of non-GAAP EPS, 2 points of non-GAAP operating margin accretion, $368 million of free cash flow, and we have returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through buybacks in our first ever dividend. Based on these results, we have increased confidence in 2019 and are raising revenue and EPS guidance for the full-year. Moving to active buyers on slide five. In the quarter, we increased our total active buyer base by 1 million to a total of 180 million, up 4%. We have maintained stable buyer growth, driven by dynamics we've previously discussed while coming back on lower ROI incentives. Turning to slide six. In Q1, we enabled $22.6 billion of GMV, down 1%, a 3-point deceleration versus the prior quarter. The U.S. generated $8.9 billion of GMV, contracting 6%, while international delivered $13.7 billion of GMV up 3%. Sold items growth remained flat, despite this deceleration in GMV. Moving to revenue on slide seven. We generated net revenues of $2.6 billion, up 3% organically, decelerating 2 points from the prior quarter. We delivered $2.1 billion of transaction revenue, up 5%, and $535 million of marketing services and other revenue, up 1%. Turning to slide eight. Our marketplace platform GMV was 1% in Q1, a 4-point deceleration versus the prior quarter. U.S. GMV was down 7%, a 6-point deceleration versus Q4. 5 points of the deceleration resulted from significant reduction in marketing, including contra revenue, and the dynamics associated with volume and average item price that Devin mentioned. We also see approximately 1 point of pressure from internet sales tax as sellers and marketplaces changed in remit taxes in the states that have pass new laws. International GMV grew 3%, decelerating 2 points versus Q4, driven by increased competitive couponing in Korea and UK macroeconomic pressures which continued to have a negative impact on consumer spending. Total Marketplace revenue is $2.2 billion, up 4%, decelerating 2 points from the prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 6%, a 1 point deceleration and 7 points higher than GMV, highlighted by promoting -- Promoted Listings growth of nearly 110%, which contributed almost 2 points. In addition, our higher take rate, driven by a reduction in lower ROI marketing investments and incentives, drove nearly 2 points, and our acquisition in Japan drove over 1 point. Marketing services and other revenue was down 8%, decelerating 4 points versus Q4. This was primarily the result of shifting our advertising efforts away from non-strategic third-party ad placements towards our first party Promoted Listings product. In addition, MS&O revenue generated from our operating agreement with PayPal, declined 20% year-on-year, and will continue to be a headwind with the expiration in July of 2020. This decline will be more than offset by revenue from intermediated payments on the eBay rails, which is reflected in transaction revenue. As you can see on the slides 8, 10 and 11, we are now providing segment margins for marketplace StubHub and Classifieds. Driven by several events that occurred in 2019, including the recent reorganizations and our increased focus on margins, we believe this new structure will enable strategic alignment of global priorities across markets, streamline resource allocation, and ultimately increase speed of decision-making and execution. Margin for each of the three segments will include costs associated with cost of revenue, including customer support, site operations and payment processing; marketing, brand and other programs and people costs to support; product and technology, inclusive of datacenters, developers and support to deliver the product experience; costs related to facilities, IT, human resources, finance and legal that directly support the segments; and finally, the impact of foreign exchange across the segments and hedging activities specifically in marketplaces. Corporate and other costs consist of expenses not directly related to the segments, inclusive of corporate management costs, like human resources, finance and legal and other non-allocated cost, representing approximately 3% of revenue annually on a non-GAAP basis. Finally, consistent with prior reporting, items such as amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges are excluded from our overall non-GAAP operating income. In our GAAP reporting, these items are reflected in corporate and other costs. Please refer to our 10-Q for more details. All of our segments have seasonal cadences with higher margins in Q1 and forward at the Inc. level. Keep in mind that one-time costs may have a bigger impact in our smaller segments. With that as context, marketplace margin is 36%, up 3 points versus Q1 2018, primarily due to reduced cost base and benefits from our currency hedging program, partially offset by the acquisition in Japan and investments in payment. Moving to slide nine. We continue to make good progress in our payments initiatives, adding sellers and intermediating more GMV, while our sellers continue to realize savings in payment-related costs. As a reminder, we are gated by the existing operating agreement of up to 5% of GMV between July 2018 and July 2019, and 10% between July 2019 and July 20 in two markets. Our Q1 run rate of annualized GMV is nearly $1 billion. Our buyers are presented with more and more choices on how they want to pay on eBay's based payment rails. Options now include most major credit cards, Apple Pay, Google Pay and PayPal as we progress towards our $2 billion annualized revenue and $500 million annualized operating income goals at scale. Turning to slide 10. StubHub GMV contracted 2 points decelerating 1 point from Q4. A weaker college football championship game and Super Bowl were the primary drivers of the deceleration, reaffirming the event-driven nature of the tickets marketplace. StubHub revenue was flat, down 2 points versus Q4, driven by volume deceleration and event mix.  MS&O revenue for Q1 is $7 million, most of which is first party inventory. This is the nascent area of our business where we leverage our relationship with primary sellers to purchase tickets directly and provide more inventory to our buyers. While it typically operates at lower margins, we believe it to be positive for our customers. Looking at StubHub segment margin, there are a few dynamics to keep in mind. Fist, seasonality is more pronounced than in the other segments; second, the Major League Baseball agreement adds pressure to margins during the season; finally, international expansion will continue to be modestly dilutive. With that as context, margin in Q1 is 11%, down 2 points versus Q1 2018, driven by an increase in marketing spend, largely search engine marketing. Moving to slide 11. Classifies revenue grew 12%, accelerating 1 point, supported by our acquisition of Motors.co.uk. Organically, journey continues to be the leading driver of our growth. Looking at Classifieds margin, there are a few dynamics to keep in mind. First, we run our diverse portfolio comprised of mature platforms that run higher margins and strategic bets at lower margins. Underneath, we work to get scale through a common technology infrastructure and by adding capabilities that enable our vertical motors playbook. Segment margin for classifieds is 36%, up 1point compared to Q1 2018, driven by volume leverage from our larger platforms. Turning to slide 12, the major cost drivers. In Q1, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 29.8%. This is up a 190 basis points versus last year, primarily due to our reduced cost base, in line with previously communicated plans to grow margins in 2019. Additionally, approximately 1 point favorable impact from foreign exchange offsets the acquisition spend and investment in payments. Cost of revenues was up over 1 point year-over-year as a percentage of revenue, driven by investments in site operations and payment processing. Q1 sales and marketing expense was down over 1 point versus the prior year, driven by 1 point reduction in the cost base, 1point favorability from a stronger U.S. dollars, partially offset by 1 point from our acquisition in Japan. Keep in mind that most of the low ROI program reductions are reflected in contra revenue. Product development costs were down nearly 2 points as a result of our increased productivity, even as we continue to invest significant resources into strategic opportunities such as payments and ads. G&A was slightly down, our sixth consecutive quarter of productivity. Our disciplined execution continues to drive leverage and more than offset our investments in payments, data and security within G&A. Moving to EPS on slide 13. We delivered $0.67 of non-GAAP EPS, up 26% versus prior year, our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS expansion. EPS growth was driven by the net benefit of share repurchase, margin expansion and the lower tax rate, partially offset by our investments in payments. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.57, up 45% versus last year. The increase in GAAP EPS includes a $113 million gain, recognized due to the change in fair value of the warrant agreement. As always, you can find the detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. On slide 14, in Q1, we generated $368 million of free cash flow, up 9%, driven by strong operational growth, partially offset by a one-time restructuring payment. Turning to slide 15. Last quarter, we talked in detail about our capital allocation strategy and our key tenets and targets have not changed. We've executed our first dividend payment of $125 million while continuing to aggressively buy back shares, demonstrating our commitment to return capital to shareholders in a disciplined and diversified manner. In Q1, we repurchased 42 million shares at an average price of $35.90 a share, amounting to $1.5 billion, and $12.8 billion total since separation. We ended the quarter with $5.7 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. For the quarter, we ended with cash and investments of $7.3 billion, debt of $9.3 billion for a combined net debt position of $2 billion. We expect to pay down $1.6 billion of debt in Q3 and continue our capital return program as we target 1.5 times net debt to EBITDA in the midterm. Turning to Q2 guidance on slide 16. For the quarter, we're projecting revenue between $2.64 billion and $2.69 billion, growing 2% to 4% on an organic FX-neutral basis. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.61 to $0.63 per share, representing 15% to 19% growth. EPS growth is driven primarily by the net benefit of our share repurchase program and operational growth including margin expansion. This is partially offset by lapping a lower tax rate in Q2 of 2018 and our investment in payments intermediation. We are expecting GAAP EPS in the range of $0.41 to $0.45 per share in Q2. For the full-year, we're raising revenue to the range of $10.83 billion to $10.93 billion, representing organic FX-neutral growth of 2% to 3%. This raise reflects a combination of Q1 performance, increased confidence in her first party advertising plan and increased clarity on overall monetization, partially offset by the strength of the U.S. dollar. In additional, while online sales tax are contemplating our outlook, it is important to keep in mind that the global landscape is dynamic and rapidly evolving. Operating margin expansion continues at 28% to 29%, and non-GAAP effective tax rate remains at 16% to 18%. We're increasing our full year non-GAAP EPS guidance to $2.64 to $2.70 per share, reflecting Q1 operational performance. Cash flow remains at $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion as does CapEx at 5% to 7% of revenue. Finally, we are increasing full-year GAAP EPS to $1.94 to $2.04 per share, driven by the increase in the fair market valuation of a warrant and the increase in non-GAAP guidance, partially offset by Q1 restructuring charge. In summary, we entered 2019 focused on delivering shareholder value through modest revenue growth, expanding margins, strong double-digit EPS growth and more capital returns through share repurchases and the dividend. One quarter in, we're executing against that plan with 3% organic revenue growth, inclusive of planned marketing reductions, 26% EPS growth, and over $1.6 billion total capital return to shareholders. Based on this result, we have increased confidence in 2019 and are raising revenue and EPS guidance. Advertising and payments on eBay are significant opportunities that continue to demonstrate progress. And we're executing on a marketing and product roadmap, positioning eBay for healthy long-term growth.  And now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe two parts. On active buyers, you continue to see strong active buyer growth. Can you give us a little bit of color about how those buyers might be acting differently, both positively and negatively than the broader cohort on the platform? And then, the second part of the question would be, how should we think about that active buyer growth translating into GMV growth and revenue growth as the cohorts begin to age, as you look through 2019 and through 2020? Thanks, guys.
Devin Wenig: Thanks for the questions. On the first part, we've been very careful to measure that and we don't see material differences between buyers that we've acquired recently, let's say in the last year than we have historically. There's a little bit of difference when we acquire a user as a guest versus a fully registered member on their customer lifetime value, but we're very focused. That's why were, as I said in my remarks, very focused on converting those guests to members. But, absent that, if you look just at time longitudinally, there's no real difference, and that's been really important that we focus on healthy buyers, not just any buyers. I have said before that it can dislocate quarter-to-quarter, even for several quarters at a time. But in the long run, buyers is a very excellent metric for where GMV wants to go. We said a year ago when GMV was above buyers that we were trying to get the buyer number up, and ultimately GMV came down to meet that buyer number. Now GMV is below that buyer number. But, if we keep growing the buyer number, we have confidence that the ecosystem is healthy and the financial metrics do follow that. So, that's the reason ultimately that we keep growing the customer base is that we think almost the best correlate to where ultimately GMV and then revenue and the other metrics that flow from that want to be is the buyer number over time. It doesn't have to be quarter-to-quarter. But thats why we are focused on continuing to grow that customer base. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: So, Devin, I want to probe a little bit on the payment platform and how that's growing. Youve announced $220 million in payments facilitated. And this is not a criticism per se but that dollar number is still a very small percentage of the overall GMV and pretty far under the limits of your agreement with PayPal. So, are you just being extraordinarily careful in the rollout in the transition or are you encountering issues with the internal buyer -- seller buy in? And any perspective on when you can theoretically onboard some of the other online payment platforms that otherwise were not available with PayPal, so you can maybe think about expanding your buyer base? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Well, we are delighted with our progress on payments, and we're really -- we are gated by the operating agreement, and we're not that far from it. Now, on a run rate basis, I think the number we gave you, puts us close to 4% of U.S. GMV and we'll go right up to the limit as we come close. There is no reason to go any faster than that. I will say, we've had an outstanding Q of sellers. Remember, this is an optional program, nobody needs to be part of it. And we have grown the number of sellers and the pipeline is huge. And frankly, we couldnt even onboard all of them right now. So, weve just been very gated. And remember, this has been done without PayPal until the very, very end. The entire trial that weve done so far has been done without PayPal. What we found is that it has not been an important gating factor to the on-boarding of sellers and we found that they're getting great performance. And we have a tremendous amount of influence over the means of buyer check payment at checkout. Those are the things weve learned in the last couple of quarters. Remember, weve added a bunch of new payment mechanisms already that were never part of our ecosystem, most notably Apple Pay and Google Pay, and there are many more coming in Germany. One of the reasons we chose German is that there are many, many forms of payment, direct bank transfer, direct debit, its a complicated market which is the reason we chose to do it.  But, I would say, we are exactly on track. We are very pleased with our performance on payments. Well go right to the 5% line this quarter and then well start scaling the 10%. And we are on track to begin a very rapid expansion of this program in one year and three months, but whos counting?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks. Couple of things I just wanted to try and clarify. One, with sales and marketing coming down as much as it did on a year-over-year basis, I know that was a priority for you as we -- as you look to get more efficiencies there. Curious about what you've seen in that trade-off. Whether it was in line with your expectations in terms of what level of spend you are able to cut versus the impact it had on GMS or even profit growth if you want to think about it at that level. And then, more just of clarification the strength that we saw in take rate, can we -- what's the right way to think about the components of that? I know hedging was part of it and certainly promoted listings helped, but if you could just give us a sense of sort of how we should either rank order or break those pieces down?
Scott Schenkel: Yes. I think couple of things, first on take rate. Yes, a chunk of that was Promoted Listings, chunk of it was foreign exchange, but you also have the dynamic of the contra revenue coming down pretty significantly. And so, those were the primary drivers of take rate. If you look at -- if you relate it back to your first question, kind of an ROI, it was more or less in line with what we expected. We kind of thought it would cost us about 4 points of GMV growth, if I think about it for North America where the majority of the reductions occurred, and that was -- that's about what we saw. And as we think about the benefits that we saw in revenue, I think we will continue to look at the active buyer cohorts that we've got this quarter and see how that turns on the CLV basis going forward. But, I think at this point it was kind of right in line with what we expected and kind of felt good as it relates to the rest of the year for our plans for 2019.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler with Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan: This is Deepak on for Ross. The new segment margin is very helpful, thanks for that. It seems like the Classifieds segment margin is healthy at around 40%, EBITDA margin is probably a few points higher. Do you feel the pace of margin expansion that you saw over the past 2 to 3 quarters at Classifieds is sustainable? And then second question, on the core marketplace business, it sounds like Promoted Listings was up triple digits, what inning are we in currently with respect to promoter listings adoption. Is there a way perhaps to quantify it, either as ad load or maybe as a seller penetration at this time?
Scott Schenkel: Yes. First, on the segment margins. We published the six quarters on the charts that you saw. When I say, the Classifieds business is driven by the mix, the margin rates are driven by the nix of businesses that you've got, and whether they are larger at scale platforms or whether they are subscale and growing in growth markets where you tend to have to invested a bit more. Alessandro and the Classifieds team have done an excellent job of balancing that over the course of the last several years. I don't look at their margin rates and go from here there to skyrocket. I think, what we look at it as where can we invest in the next incremental market or the next incremental vertical, like we did with the Motors.co.uk acquisition, that gives us a lot more bandwidth from a vertical expansion, and kind of serving the market and monetizing the market perspective, which is great. But, as you go to your course of growing a business, you're going to have some pressures on margins and the team has done an excellent job of balancing those and trading them off.
Devin Wenig: In terms of Promoted Listings, it's still very early. If you look at analogs to eBay, other marketplaces consistent rolled out products that are similar, our penetration and monetization rate are still in the early stage of scaling. And we know that because, as great as it is that we've had 800,000 sellers promote listings, that means that there are tens of millions that have not yet. And we also are just in the phase of fully integrating from the buyer side, where Promoted Listings show up in a unified search ranking. And there's a whole bunch of other plans to expand both the seller side and the buyer side. So, we think there's a lot of runway, and that's why we said last quarter that we think it's $1 billion opportunity. Remember, we're being very selective about removing third-party advertising as it scales. But, one of the things that I'm happiest about is that the seller NPS on this, if you will, their happiness with this product is extremely high. It's been one of the most successful new products we've rolled out from a seller perspective ever. And they're adopting it. And remember, it's completely optional. Nobody has to use it. And they are flocking to it. And to me, it's a way that you can, if you want, trade off some margin for some velocity. And there are many sellers that want to do that. So, we're really happy with it. It's early, and it'll be a key contributor to the $1 billion revenue advertising opportunity.
Scott Schenkel: I mean, I think to Devins point, in Q1, we started to iterate on the capability to have merchandising promoted listing placements, and that gives another way and place for sellers to advertise in a way that I think is highly functional from a buyer perspective to give you new ideas or adjacent ideas as you go through the selection your item process and check out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Baird.
Colin Sebastian: Great. Thanks and congrats on the quarter. I guess, bigger picture question first, going back to the take rate. I know there are a lot of moving parts. But I'm wondering, what you have in mind perhaps as more of a normalized take rate in the core marketplace segment, assuming of course that Promoted Listings and payments continue to ramp? And then, secondly, any progress on reengaging the older buyer cohorts? I know you've mentioned previously that being a goal as well, in addition to the new buyer growth. Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: So, on the marketplaces take rate, it's kind of hard, as you think about the dynamics. If you look at the underlying Marketplaces take rate, it was 8.7%. It was up year-on-year with the favorability, the commentary I gave earlier on foreign exchange, Promoted Listings and a reduction in lower ROI marketing investments. But, that is context. Promoted  first-party Promoted Listings ends up showing up in transaction revenue. So, that inflates take rate. To Devin's point, that's completely up to a seller and it's selective as they choose to do that or not, we're certainly not forcing them to do that. We're just trying to provide a great experience that provides more velocity. And then, over time, you're going to -- and already what you're starting to see now is the take rates going to start to be favored by the payments monetization as well. And how that gets shown in each of the individual markets will be determined, but largely speaking, it's going to be shown likely in transaction revenue. So, that's also going to favor Marketplaces take rate. So, it's really hard to say. I think, the way I think about it is the underlying take rate of the core Marketplaces business, as you think about transaction revenue, probably is going to be stable with the normal fluctuations that weve talked about over the years. And the payments take rate is going to get added to that. And it's up to sellers whether they want to chose Promoted Listings or not.
Devin Wenig: On the buyer question, Colin, were very focused. I think the question was reengaging existing buyers. One of the ways that I'd say I categorize our effort is, there is a high focus in the Company now on frequency and engagement. And part of that is to reduce churn rates. There are still too many buyers who only shop lets say one category on eBay. Let's say they buy camera equipment on eBay. But, we're really great if you look at our inventory and pricing across more categories, so the opportunity to get shoppers across -- to buy across categories is very high. And you can expect in the balance of the year a number of product and marketing initiatives to begin to target existing buyers with frequency and cross category shopping. Weve got some really exciting plans, some of which were not ready to announce yet, but we think its a tremendous opportunity to engage existing buyers and to get them to shop and think of eBay more broadly than we do. And that also over time we think will have the impact of reducing the churn rate, which should help the buyer number. So, that's kind of been a big push here internally, and youll hear more about it as the year progresses.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon: Devin, just a couple of questions. First, any updates on rolling out potentially cost per click or CPC pricing for Promoted Listings? I think you mentioned last call that that was probably coming this year, just be interested to hear an update on that. And then second, both you and Scott have reiterated a couple of times here those big long-term goals of $2 billion in revenue and $500 million in OI for payments. Wondering if you could help us elaborate a little bit on how youre thinking about the timeline to that. You said a moment ago I think that once that year and three months is up, you are ready for a rapid expansion. Are we headed to those sort of numbers, fairly quickly? Does it take several years to get to that type of level? Would love to hear little bit more on that. Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Yes. On CPC, we said were definitely looking at it. I don't have anything in terms of a product announcement to make today, but we are definitely looking at solid demand for a CPC product, and we'll update you when we are ready to announce something on that. On payments, similarly, keep in mind, July of next year, well not have constraints on the operating agreement. We believe that well have much of the product functionality built but also well be entering -- it's not that long after July that you start to enter a holiday period where you got to be careful of changes. We're not yet ready to give a full detailed rollout plan. But, I think you should assume that everything we're doing now, the significant investments we're making and we've been talking about this for a year, let me just reiterate. Number one, we're delighted with where we are. This has been a very successful, albeit gated, program. And if you told me a year ago, I could be here today, I'd be -- I take that anytime. So, that doesn't mean that we don't have a lot more work to do, but it does mean our first year we've been -- we've done exactly what we would have hoped we would have done and we are delighted with the seller reception and the buyer reception of more payment choices. You can expect, given the investments we're making and the trade tracks were laying down that we won't be shy come July of 2020 in the rollout. And we'll update more on the overall rollout plan probably later in the year or the beginning of next year. We're not going to do that yet, but I want -- it's important that you know that we are going to be aggressive.
Daniel Salmon: Maybe just one quick one for Scott, just I might have missed a footnote or a comment here. But, the segment margins disclosed, are they GAAP figures, non-GAAP, EBITDA, what's all in those numbers, precisely?
Scott Schenkel: Non-GAAP margin with the -- all the reconciliations are in both the press release and ultimately in Q. Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark May with Citi.
Mark May: Thank you very much. Just a couple of quick ones, please. The average take rate in international markets did not increase sequentially, certainly it had been prior to that. But, in the U.S., we saw quite a nice increase. Why the difference there -- maybe it's related to the adoption of Promoted Listings and kind of the lag effect there, but just wanting to get a little bit more color on the difference there. And how should we be thinking about international take rate kind of relative to the U.S., and just in general going forward? And I had one follow-up, if I could.
Scott Schenkel: Sure. The majority of the -- in sales incentives that show up in the form of contra revenue, were reduced in the U.S. So, that favored the take rate in the U.S. And that was the difference, if you will, between the international and the U.S. take rate. What was your follow-up?
Mark May: Got it. That makes sense.
Devin Wenig: Just a quick follow-up on that. Promoted Listings have seen broad adoption internationally. There is not a material difference in the uptake of Promoted Listings in the U.S. or in our international markets. It's been broadly adopted.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question
Scott Schenkel: I think there was a follow-up.
Operator: Mr. May, your line is still open. Okay. Our next question is from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Edward Yruma: Last year, you made a lot of changes to the consumer experience, product improvements. And I know that there was a divergence between habituated users and non-habituated users. As you rolled some of them back and tweak some of the other changes, I guess, what changes are you find that are there still positive and so contributing versus what kind of have you rolled back in and do not intend to implement?
Devin Wenig: Yes . Thank you. We said a couple of quarters ago that what we would do is effectively bifurcate the experience of that new users who are getting more of the structured data product based experience and existing users were being landed more on the historical experience. That's what we've done. And one of the reasons we've been able to maintain healthy buyer growth is with this significant reduction of marketing that we are seeing great conversion gains for new customers that gives us a lot of confidence for the future. In the core, we're also seeing the impact now that the evolution of structured data is making; this year will be very focused on aspect coverage, meaning knowing the product is important but knowing the attributes of the product in many ways is even more important and will be encouraging sellers to contribute a great degree of richness to their listings because we know that that richness improves our catalog and drives buyer conversion. So I kind of hinted at that in my remarks, but you will see a significant expansion of the coverage and quality of our catalog this year and the early signs are very positive on convergence, so that's where we're going to focus. But for new users, we've been even more aggressive about product-based experiences and that continues and we're real happy with the results there.
Edward Yruma: Got it. Just as a quick follow-up, I know that there was an issue of those habituated users on the new product experience, are you -- have you able to bend the curve with them or get them to adopt some of the functionality that maybe the new customers are responding to strongly to?
Devin Wenig: Yes. What we're seeing is that what matters to our existing customers is less a fully product-based experience but more of the richness of listings that the catalog and structured data bring. So to me a product experience is you fully collapse listings into the product. There are definitely cohorts of buyers who love that. But many existing customers did not as we said several quarters ago, but what they do want is better listings and more inventory to surface through search, when they are richer attributes, so that's what we're focused on for the existing base and you'll hear a lot more about that through the course of this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. This is Mike on for Justin. We just want to ask if you could discuss the marketing strategy going forward and if you could provide any color on how you see the balance between efficiency and potentially constraining GMV growth in the longer term? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: We historically have been disciplined marketers. We're very focused on ROI, we're very focused on not wasting money in the way we market. And we did say last year over several quarters, we were pushing the efficient frontier to learn how far we could go without -- with getting a healthy return. There were some things we did that we liked and there were some things we did that over time just did not provide a decent return. What we found is that we were subsidizing some existing buyers at higher ASPs we weren't getting a return on that and that's what we withdrew. But going forward, our marketing strategy is to continue to market the brand. We've been a brand every month this year, we will continue to. We will market across channels, social search, obviously, our owned channels like CRM and we will be focused on acquiring new customers at healthy CAAs and driving healthy customer CLVs. That's kind of what we've always done and that's what we're going to do.
Devin Wenig: Operator, we'll take one more question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Ygal Arounian with Wedbush Securities.
Ygal Arounian: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. So, just dig in a little bit more on the frequency -- the sold items being flat as well as your users active buyers grown 4%. So you talked about the active buyers being a good indicator even if it is okay at some point of future GMV growth. Just wanted to kind of ask what gives you the confidence that the dynamics and e-commerce and marketplaces haven't changed over the past two, three or four quarters and that kind of thing that you've seen in the past gives you a good indication to what you'll see in the future?
Devin Wenig: I mean, look, things are changing all the time, but I think what was in Scott's remarks is the best indicator, which is, we took direct action, we saw exactly what we had expected to see. So that doesn't mean that there isn't a change to the external landscape, there always is, but keep in mind we're changing as well. I think the eBay experiences the best it's ever been. But we've reduced a lot of subsidy, we've got the GMV result we expected and the ecosystem keeps growing, number of business sellers keeps growing, the amount of inventory keeps growing, number of buyers keeps growing. Those are positive signs. I mean, I guess in some theoretical world, it's possible that we won't grow if those metrics grow, but it's really hard to get your head around how that wouldn't happen. So that gives us the confidence to -- it gave us the confidence to give an updated forecast and we'll go from there.
Ygal Arounian: Great, thank you. And maybe just one real quick follow-up, on the product-based listings and the existing users versus new users. So it sounds like what you're saying is you will continue at least for the time being to run kind of a side by side experience around the product-based listening, am I thinking about that correctly?
Devin Wenig: We've been doing it and we'll continue to do it, but that doesn't mean the existing experience isn't changing, it's just changing in a different direction with much more aspect coverage less full product based, doesn't mean it will never happen, but it's not what we're focused on right now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's question-and-answer session, as well as today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Devin Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer Selim Freiha - VP of Investor Relations
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBay, Q4 2018 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Selim Freiha, VP of Investor Relations. Mr. Freiha you may begin.
Selim Freiha: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter of 2018. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's remarks represent FX-Neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise.  This conference call is also being broadcast on the internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for at least three months through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties.  These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2019 and the future growth of our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the company's Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SEC's website at sec.gov.  You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 29, 2019, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig : Thanks Selim and good afternoon everyone. We delivered record earnings this quarter with top line results in line with our expectations, although we did see slowing consumer spend in December.  In Q4 total GMV was up 2% and revenue was up 6%, while our active buyer base grew 4% to $179 million. Underlying these results, GMV on our marketplace platform grew 3%, StubHub volume was down 1% and our classified platform grew revenue at 11%. Scott will go into more detail on our financial results shortly.  First let me provide a bit more context on our business. We continue to experience consistent active buyer growth, which historically has driven GMV. However, more recently weve seen GMV growth drop below active buyer growth, the result of several factors.  As discussed last quarter, while some of the simplified buying experiences we launched have been positively received by new buyers, they were causing some conversion pressure with our existing buyer base. Give that dynamic, we stopped scaling these experiences to our existing customers. This in turn has created some downward pressure on GMV as we lap acceleration from last year. Well continue to roll out these experiences with new buyers.  Additionally non-structured data SEO pages are delivering less traffic and lower conversion compared to a year ago, and while we increased our marketing spend in Q4, we experienced lower returns than expected. As we entered 2019 we've aligned our tactics to directly address these issues and to capitalize on the opportunities ahead of us as we transition to a different eBay in 2020 with a comprehensive catalog, intermediated payments and a robust and high contribution advertising business.  eBay is a unique company with a unique value proposition and we're focusing on a few critical areas to build on this.  First we'll pursue several new efforts in our product experience leveraging the foundation we built over the last few years. For existing customers well focus on conversion and frequency, removing friction, leveraging our vast customer data and providing additional ways to compare values and surface unique inventory.  Sellers will gain access to more data and tools with enhanced protections. We are also working to grow our new buyer base through delivering new experiences and messaging to encourage first purchase. All customers will benefit from enhanced deliver and returns through broader coverage of guaranteed shipping in our new return experience. We believe this will lead to an improved experience for both buyers and sellers, which we are confident will result in higher conversion rates and increased momentum in GMV. Second, we are rapidly moving significantly more SEO pages to a catalog structured data foundation. The expansion of our catalog has historically been constrained by the rate of seller adoption, but new AI capabilities will allow us to opt in millions of listings in the torso and tale of our inventory that we believe will drive SEO and social traffic moving forward.  Well also make some substantial changes to our marketing strategy and spend as part of our continuous effort to maximize efficiency across the business. Well reduce lower ROI marketing and refocus our efforts on acquiring new buyers to drive growth.  While this will likely put pressure on GMV for a period of time, it will enable more profitability and a stronger foundation over the long term. We will continue to increase awareness around our brand, focusing on the value and uniqueness that differentiates the eBay experience.  In addition, in 2019 well continue to invest aggressively in our key growth initiatives, advertising and payments, which are already showing great promise and represent a huge opportunity for the company to ensure they are set up for success. In our marketplace advertising initiative, we made good progress this quarter. We had 600,000 active sellers promote 200 million listings in Q4, both significantly higher than last quarter and we began rolling out placements more broadly in search results. This helped drive nearly $80 million of revenue this quarter, up nearly 150% year-on-year. For the full year promoted listings delivered nearly $200 million of revenue, well above the expectation we set in October. Well continue to ramp our advertising effort in 2019, while ensuring we achieve the right balance between user experience and monetization as we build towards $1 billion advertising revenue opportunity.  Looking at payments, weve been live in the U.S. for four months and our confidence and our customers confidence is growing every week. Since we launched in late Q3 we've enabled over $140 million of GMV with over 3,500 sellers active in the program. To-date weve saved sellers over $1 million in payment related costs and we expect that savings to increase significantly as the program scales. We are also readying our launch in a second market which well announce next quarter. We continue to expect to begin a full roll out in 2020, building to a $2 billion revenue opportunity at scale.  At StubHub there continues to be significant opportunity to deliver grow. We remain focused on improving the customer experience to increase conversion, while investing to drive loyalty and repeat usage of the platform. Well further penetrate key international markets by leveraging our global event catalog to enable cross border sales and improve conversion. Finally, we're already pursuing aggressive cross merchandising efforts and traffic sharing initiatives between StubHub and eBay and plan to scale those in 2019. In our classified platform, our key initiatives will be motors vertical expansion across several markets including the UK and Canada and driving further horizontal vibrancy and engagement, in part through our successfully eBay integration, which drove 200 million of GMV to eBay in 2018 and contributed nearly a point of revenue growth to classifieds in Q4. There continue to be numerous cross platform opportunities across marketplace, StubHub and classifieds to improve the user experience for our customers.  We indicated last quarter that 2019 would be a transitional period with slower growth as we invest to deliver on large opportunities in 2020 and beyond. At that time we established a committee of our board to review our capital allocation strategy and to make adjustments as necessary to evolve our approach moving forward. As a result as you'll hear further from Scott, we've made some significant changes to our capital allocation strategy, including instituting a dividend for the first time in our history and increasing our planned share repurchases to $5 billion in 2019. The purpose of these changes is to return more capital to our shareholders in a balanced way, highlighting our confidence in the free cash flow resiliency of our business and the opportunity ahead of us and to significantly reduce our share count ahead of 2020.  We are confident in our business and in our plan. eBay has never had more buyers, business sellers or inventory in its history. In 2019 we will connect our buyers with our sellers unique inventory, while improving our user experience. We feel strongly about our ability to deliver value now and in the future to our customers, employees and shareholders.  Finally, I appreciate that there will likely be questions regarding the letter Elliott issued last week commenting on our business. We've issued our public response and we will not be discussing this further during today's call. We would appreciate it if you limited questions to our results.  Now let me turn it to Scott to provide more details on our quarterly financial results and our 2019 guidance. 
Scott Schenkel : Thanks Devin. I will begin my prepared remarks with our Q4 financial highlights starting on side four of the earnings presentation.  In Q4 we generated $2.9 billion of total revenue, $0.71 of non-GAAP EPS, and $1.1 billion of free cash flow, while repurchasing $1.5 billion of our stock. Moving to active buyers on slide five, in the quarter we increased our total active buyer base to 2 million to a total of a 179 million up 4%. Buyer growth was stable driven by increased marketing investments offset by pressure in SCO.  On slide six in Q4, we enabled $24.6 billion of total GMV, growing 2%, a 3 point deceleration versus the prior quarter. The growth was driven by international, which delivered 14.9 billion of GMV, up 5%, while the U.S. generation $9.8 billion of GMV down 1%. Moving to revenue on slide seven, we generated net revenues of $2.9 billion, up 5% organically, in line with the prior quarter. We delivered $2.3 billion of transaction revenue, up 7%, and $582 million of marketing services and other revenue up 3%. Turning to slide eight, our marketplaces platform GMV grew 3% in Q4, a 2 point deceleration versus the prior quarter. U.S. GMV was down 1%, a 3 point deceleration from the prior quarter, driven by a number of factors that Devin discussed earlier. Additionally export headwinds continue to impact GMV growth on a year-over-year basis.  International GMV grew 5%, deceleration 2 points very Q3 with the UK and Germany deceleration roughly 2 points combined. This is driven in part by the dynamics that Devin discussed earlier. Additionally specific to the UK, macroeconomic pressures are negatively impacting consumer spending. Total Marketplace revenue was $2.3 billion up 6%, accelerating 1 point from prior quarter.  Transaction revenue grew 7%, 4 points higher than GMV, with Promoted Listings growing 150% and contributing nearly 3 points of growth to transaction revenue. Another point of growth was driven by fewer incentives as we shifted more spend to sales and marketing expense.  Marketing services and other revenue was down 4%, decelerating 7 point versus Q3. Most of this was the result of shifting our advertising efforts away from non-strategic third party ad-placements and towards our first party prompted listings product, and as I mentioned this shift is contributing to transaction revenue growth.  For the full year, marketplace platform generated $90 billion of GMV growing 5%, a 1 point deceleration versus the prior year and $8.6 billion in review up 6% consistent with the prior year.  On slide nine we continue to make good progress on our payments initiative. As Devin mentioned, the number of sellers in GMV intermediated significantly increased in Q4, while our sellers continue to realize savings in payment related costs.  Looking forward this is how buyers will pay on eBay and how sellers will be paid. Our sellers will benefit through continued expansion of realized fee reductions. Our buyers will benefit as we continue to deliver more payment options including PayPal. A reminder on timing as it relates to the operating agreement we share with PayPal. We have the ability to intermediate up to 5% of GMV between July of 18 and July of 19 and 10% between July of 19 and July of 20 across two markets. We are pleased with our progress and remain confident in delivering $2 billion of annualized revenue and $500 million of annualized operating income at scale.  Moving to slide 10, StubHub GMV was down 1 point decelerating 8 points from Q3, a softer Major League Baseball World Series was the primary driver of deceleration, highlighting the adventure of the nature of the ticket marketplace.  StubHub revenue grew 2%, down 5 points versus Q3, driven by volume deceleration partially offset by event mix. For the full year StubHub delivered $4.8 billion of GMV and $1.1 billion in revenue, both growing 5%.  Moving to slide 11, in Q4 classifieds grew revenue 11% consistent with Q3. Germany continues to be a primary driver of the growth in classifieds. Ongoing strength in Germany is driven by our strong market position with our market leading horizontal and vertical motors platforms, as well as our integration with eBay. For the full year classifieds generated $1 billion of revenue up 10% year-over-year.  Turning to slide 12, in major cost drivers. In Q4 we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 29.2%. This is down 60 basis points versus last year, with approximately 1 point of favorable impact from foreign exchange.  Cost of revenue is nearly flat year-over-year as a percentage of revenue as investments in the first party inventory program in Korea were offset by customer service efficiencies.  Q4 sales and marketing expense is up nearly 4 points versus the prior year, driven by approximately 3 points of marketing and promotional spending on our market places and StubHub platforms and 1 point from our acquisition in Japan.  Product development costs were down 1 point as a result of our increased productivity, even as we continue to invest significant resources into strategic opportunities such as payments and advertising.  G&A was down over a point, a fifth consecutive quarter of productivity as our continuing efforts to drive leverage bear fruit and more than offset our investments in payments, data and security that are within G&A. For the year, operating margin was 27.2% down 120 basis points with 50 basis points of foreign exchange favorability, more than offset by increased marketing and payments investments.  Turning to EPS on slide 13, in Q4 we delivered $0.71 of non-GAAP EPS, up 20% versus prior year. EPS growth was driven primarily by operational growth, the net benefit of share repurchases, benefits from our currency hedging program and a lower tax rate, partially offset by increased marketing expense and investments in our payments initiative. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.80, up $3.31 versus last year. The increase in GAAP EPS includes $128 million loss recognized due to the change in the fair value of a warrant agreement and the lapping of deferred tax accrual to address U.S. Tax Reform. As always, you can find the detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation.  On slide 14, in Q4 we generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow, up 39%. Full year free cash flow was $2 billion inclusive of a Q3 $100 million increase in cash taxes primarily related to U.S. Tax Reform and the tax payment on the sale of Flipkart. While these factors negatively impacted free cash flow in 2018, the underlying strong cash flow dynamics of our business have not changed and we expect free cash flow generation to return to normalized levels moving forward.  Turning to slide 15, we ended the quarter with cash and investments of $8.6 billion. In Q4 we repurchased 52 million shares at an average price of $28.94 per share amounting to $1.5 billion in total .This brings our repurchases for the year to $4.5 billion, representing approximately 11% of shares outstanding net of dilution. We ended the year with $3.2 billion of share repurchased authorization remaining.  Moving to slide 16, capital allocation continues to be an important focus for us and our key tenants underlying our commitment to disciplined investment have not changed. Since separation of PayPal under our capital allocation framework we have invested $1.3 billion in M&A. We have also realized nearly $3 billion in returns for disposition of assets and investments and we have deployed $11.3 billion towards share repurchases, which represents approximately 140% of free cash flow and 25% of the company's shares outstanding, net of dilution. I think this demonstrates our long standing commitment to discipline capital allocation and returning capital to shareholders.  Turning to slide 17. Heading into Q4 we indicated that 2019 was going to be a year of slower revenue growth with margin expansion. Based on this business profile, our board and management team actively engaged to review the best path forward for our capital allocation plans. This is resulted in a revised capital allocation strategy that accelerates return to capital to our shareholders, increases our commitment to capital return though the initiation of a dividend and provides continued visibility through updated capital structure targets.  We are initiating a quarterly dividend at $0.14 per share starting in March of 2019. The dividend will be payable to shareholders of record as of March 1, with the payment date on or about March 20. Moving to the share repurchase, our borders has approved an additional share repurchase authorization of $4 billion with no expiration and in 2018 we expect to repurchase approximately $5 billion of our stock inclusive of dilution offset.  We expect to return approximately $7 billion of capital to shareholders across 2019 and 2020 through our share repurchases and dividends. With regards to our capital structure we expect to remain under our current BBB+ rating which gives us ongoing flexibility to execute on our capital allocation strategy and is increasingly important as we implement our payment intermediation capabilities.  We are targeting to have approximately $3.5 billion of cash and investments on our balance sheet as we exit 2019. And our midterm leverage guidelines are approximately 1.5 times net debt and below 3 times gross debt to EBITDA. As always, we will continue to evaluate our capital allocation strategy as we move forward, ensuring that we drive optimal value on behalf of our shareholders.  Moving to full year guidance on slide 18. We are projecting 2019 revenue between $10.7 billion and $10.9 billion, growing 1% to 3% on an organic FX neutral basis and 0% to 2% on an as reported basis. The midpoint of our revenue growth range assumes marketplace GMV growth of 1%. This is driven by two primary factors.  First, scaling back on some of the user experience plans will continue to create lapping pressure versus last year, particularly in the first half. Our new efforts to drive conversion as Devin mentioned will focus on removing friction, leveraging customer data and ultimately surfacing inventory in more efficient ways.  Second, well take a more disciplined approach on marketing and reduce low ROI spend, which will further constrain GMV growth in the short term and may create near term buyer growth pressure, while leading to a healthier ecosystem over the long term.  I'd like to spend a moment to discuss online sales taxes such as internet sales tax, value added tax and digital services taxes. The internet and the rise of the ecommerce has disrupted traditional sales tax regime for governments around the world. As domestic and international jurisdictions refine their positions, we will continue to advocate for balanced outcomes that protect and promote technology enabled small businesses in eBay. At the same time, we are fully committed to enabling compliance with any new tax obligations. While some of this is contemplated in our outlook, it is important to keep in mind that this situation is dynamic and rapidly evolving.  We expect StubHub to deliver growth relatively in line with 2018 and classifieds will continue to see stable double digit growth. We expect operating margin of 28% to 29% for the year, which at the midpoint is more than 1 point higher versus 2018. This margin expansion will be driven by 2 points of operating leverage, though marketing spend reductions and other targeted cost actions, partially offset by a 1 point investment in payments which we believe will deliver significant long term results.  While the impact of currency is negligible in the full year, operating margin outlook, the current rates we expect to have  at current rates we expect to have a modest tailwind in first half and a modest headwind in the second.  We expect non-GAAP effective tax rate in the range of 16% to 18%. We are projecting non-GAAP EPS of $2.62 to $2.68 per share, up 13% to 15%. This includes the impact of modest top line growth, margin leverage and the ongoing benefit of our share repurchase program, partially offset by a stronger U.S. dollar and our investments in payment intermediation. We expect free cash flow of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion which assumes capital expenditures in the range of 5% to 7% of revenue. Full year GAAP EPS is expected to be $1.83 to $1.93 per share.  Turning to Q1 guidance on slide 19. For the quarter we are projecting revenue between $2.55 billion and $2.60 billion growing 0% to 2% on an organic FX neutral basis. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.62 to $0.64 per share representing 17% to 20% growth. EPS growth is driven primarily by the net benefit of our share repurchase program and the benefit of a lower non-GAAP tax rate and operational growth, partially offset by our investment in payments intermediation. We are expecting GAAP EPS in the range of $0.40 to $0.44 per share in Q1.  In summary, we entered 2009 focused on delivering shareholder value through modest revenue growth with expanding margins, strong double digit EPS growth and more capital return though share repurchases and the dividend. We will do this by reducing our overall marketing investment, while focusing on acquiring new buyers for healthier, long term growth and continuing to invest in upper funnel marketing and brand to drive consideration.  This will enable us to drive 2 points of margin expansion and we will reinvest one of those points indoor our payments initiative which will generate significant future return.  Finally we have a evolved our capital allocation structure and expect to return approximately $7 billion to shareholders over the next two years through share repurchases and initiating our first ever dividend.  And now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ross Sandler with Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Great! Hey guys. So it sounds like 2019 will be a little bit of a reset year and then 2020 will see reaccelerating growth. You have been able to do that in the past as we saw in 2017. So I guess Devin, what specific initiatives can you point to today that give you that confidence that you can deliver that accelerating growth in GMV in 2020.  And then the second question is you are guiding the operating margins up nicely in the 19; that's a reversal from the prior couple of year timeline. So do you feel like we are at a trough for operating margin and we'll see consistent improvement from here beyond 19. Thanks. 
Devin Wenig: Thanks for the question. Vis--vis GMV I think you're right to point out the fact that GMV has dipped before and then reaccelerated. I've seen it several times in my time here at eBay and I start by looking at the kind of core health metrics and to me those  I always go to buyer growth and traffic, both of which are healthy and stable.  We are going to focus intensely on conversion as I said. We'll focus intensely on improving that traffic and buyer grow through an evolution of our SEO strategy, well focus on resetting marketing a little bit so that we are at a healthier basis when we enter 20 and obviously in 20 well kind of lap that well end up with I think a healthier ROI on that spend.  So I think that we've built a very solid foundation, but there's some things we've learned and well make adjustments on that, and I think that gives us confidence that GMV will  this is not a trough of GMV, but we have the opportunity to accelerate beyond this. Keep in mind that in addition to GMV there is an important revenue dynamic in 20, which is in the second half of the year. We begin to operate our payments initiative without the operating agreement and you've seen that advertising is scaling nicely and we assume that it will continue to scale nicely.  So I have a high degree of confidence in accelerating revenue growth in 20 and we believe that the actions we are taking in 19 will set us up well for reacceleration of GMV as we move forward beyond this year.  Vis--vis operating margin, you know we're not going to guide obviously out beyond 2019. I just say with the dynamic I just said, well look for whatever opportunity there is to drive the improvement and growth of operating income and in part that will depend on what growth is. But I do think given that in the second half of the year payments will reverse, start to reverse from an investment to a revenue contributor. The opportunity is there to go further if we can -- if that's the most efficient way to drive operating income growth. So I think we've got a number of levers. We feel very good about our opportunity to deliver this year and then even better as we enter 2020. Thanks for the question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks. Maybe two if I can. One just following up on the macro commentary, I just wanted to understand if that was commentary broad based about December or focused exclusively on the UK and whether you could quantify as a rate of change you saw in December verses October and November and what youre calling out and how that might impact January.  Second question, going back to Ross, when you look at 19 and you look at some of the headwinds, is there a way to tease out or qualify some of you know the headwinds to GMV or buyer growth and how we should be aware of those sort of arcing though the year whether it be first half, second half or its going to be fairly steady as we go through 2019? Thanks guys.
Devin Wenig: I'll take the first part just vis--vis holiday and December and then I'll turn it to Scott for the rest of it if that's okay. You know look, I think obviously it hard for us to know what happened out in the market beyond our own platform. But what we did see is over the last few years there has been a shift in holiday spending. There's been an acceleration into November, there's been acceleration into deals, there's been an acceleration into the kind of peak November shopping season, because consumers know they're going to get good prices around that time. This year what we did see is kind of across the board, a slowdown in December. Is that simply a remix of holiday shopping? Is that a macro effect, I don't know, and I think we'll wait and see what the landscape looks like. But we did see that affect more pronounced this year than we have in prior years.  And Scott, can take the second part of the question. 
Scott Schenkel: Just a couple of points Eric that Id kind of supplement to what Devin answered to Ross. I think first, the first half of the year had higher growth, better conversion and it's going to be tougher lapping; that's reflected in our Q1 guide. Ultimately it will be reflected in our Q2 outlook, no doubt. And as we phase into the second half, we started to see the deceleration with weakening conversion and that ought to provide some easier lapping from a first half to second half dynamics.  And then you know as I flagged in my comments you know we've got an operating margin dimension as well that will make first half look a little bit higher, second half little lower from foreign exchange. But we expect to kind of fall within the range that we gave for the full year, both on revenue and EPS. 
Eric Sheridan: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird. 
Colin Sebastian: Great, thanks. I have a couple as well. I guess first I just wanted to reconcile the ability to reduce marketing spend, while still generating modest GMV growth, if you could provide a little bit more color on the mix shift and added formats or channels that give you confidence and generating that growth next year.  And then secondly, we are just curious given the fact that you have divested Flipkart. There are significant changes to the landscape in India and Im wondering if that anyway does open a new window for eBay in that market? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Thank you Colin. On the first part vis--vis marketing, you know we did a high degree of experimentation last year. We tried a lot of different new things. We pushed to the efficient frontier of returns and frankly we push far beyond. And we did that to see what we would get in terms of return, not just in GMV but in buyers and healthy CLV. Weve always been disciplined marketers, we are very ROI driven, always have been.  And as we reduce GMV already in the new - sorry as we reduce our marketing already in the New Year we've obviously taken out the lowest ROI spend that we saw last year. There was some things we did that worked very, very well and there's some things we did that did not return well. So that will have a GMV impact. We expect it will have a GMV impact in the short run, but it won't have a value impact. In fact taking it out well increase value overall but have a short term headwind on GMV growth. Thats reflected in our guidance.  So we are being surgical about what we take out. Let's keep in mind we are not stopping marketing, we're still going to market, but we're being very surgical in the way we reduce marketing spending throughout the year and particularly in the first half.  Vis--vis Flipkart, we have relaunched eBay India, that is phase one. Phase one is without domestic selling, but it is a domestic experience. Right now Indian buyers are seeing eBay.India again. We put that back into the market on New Years eve. And phase 2 will be the ability for domestic sellers to sell directly in the Indian market and obviously today domestic Indian sellers are exporting as they were before the Flipkart transaction. So the export businesses is live, the domestic buying experiences is live and the next phase will be the domestic selling experience.  I would say there are multiple opportunities, there are many other parties that have approached us about potential collaboration. We'll see how that goes, but I don't think  I think the Indian market is still in its early phases. There is plenty of growth left. There won't be one or two parties that make up the entirety of the Indian ecommerce opportunity and we certainly intend to have a share of it. 
Colin Sebastian: Thank. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Evercore ISI. 
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot. Devin maybe if you could just talk about or give us your updated thoughts on your assets, your portfolio, the corporate structure of eBay and if you've considered looking at divesting StubHub or Classifieds. I know you talked about cross merchandising and cross platform opportunities in your prepared remarks, but just want to hear more about that.  And then secondly wanted to just ask for your updated thoughts on the competitive landscape. When you look at the GMV growth guidance you are expecting, do you see any incremental competitive pressure from other market place competitors, be the niche-oriented companies like Poshmark, The RealReal or others? Just wondering if you could kind of update us on how you think this new world of competitive landscape is evolving. Thanks?
Devin Wenig: Thanks for the question. On the first part, look I think our actions on the last three years proved that we are constantly reevaluating our portfolio and we will and we have taken actions that are in the best interest of our shareholders and will continue to do that. Vis--vis our existing portfolio there are real and substantial synergies as I mentioned and they are growing across that portfolio and those synergies are not only for our shareholders, but for our customers. But we always evaluate our assets and will continue to do so.  On the second part of your question, I don't  look, its an intensely competitive industry. We are competing for $11 trillion of commerce. There is nothing fundamentally that changed in the last 30 or 60 or 90 days. It makes for a good headline, but the fact is there's no incremental competitive pressure that changed our results materially. It is super competitive and it has been. It was a year ago and it is now. Is it slightly more competitive, maybe, but did it dramatically change this holiday or last quarter, it did not. 
Anthony DiClemente: Got it thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Edward Yruma: Hey, good evening, thanks for taking my question. I guess you know you did have some success within the marketing and the new initiatives to drive new customers last year. I guess how are these consumers kind of aging? Are they behaving in the way that you would have expected. And then second, as you roll back some of these product enhancements, you know how is the existing customer that maybe had difficult with some of the changes kind of reacting and are they spending at their previous levels? Thank you. 
Devin Wenig: You know vis--vis the cohort of customers, we are always watching that. I don't think there are material differences to the cohort of customers we've acquired say in the last 6 months from those that we've acquired in previous cohorts. We measure that all the time to make sure that there's not something in our marketing spend or the way we target that is bringing in a less valuable set of customers. So we are constantly adjusting that.  Keep in mind that at 4% we are adding a couple of million buyers a quarter and that's against the base of $179 million. So it takes time to mix this out. It's still a small number against a very large number, but for the reasons I said, we'll be aggressive about continuing to push the new product experiences with are resonating well. The new customers are converting well on those experiences and vis--vis the existing customers, it's more a factor of what we dont do rather than rolling it back.  We tried and tested in select populations, we didn't have it rolled out broadly. We're hoping we could, but we'll go slower with that base. So there is no disruption of those customers and they are largely stable. 
Edward Yruma: Great! Thank you so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. 
Heath Terry: Great. Thank you. Devin, wondering if could just spend some time on your technology priorities from here to the extent we're going to see this improvement in margins and rationalization around some of the some of the spending outside of marketing. How do you feel about the level of tech investments that you're going to be able to make under this structure and if you could give us a sense of sort of where your priorities set now after coming through last year, would certainly appreciate it?
Devin Wenig: Yeah, I feel good about  I feel good that we can deliver on behalf of our customers with these levels of investment. Keep in mind a lot of our priorities will continue. The tactics are evolving as the real experiences reach real customers, but building out our catalog and structured data will continue. That will continue to be an investment thats critical to our future.  Well continue to invest tech resources in payments and ads, well continue to invest in search improvements, well continue to invest in conversion improvements. I would not enhance the margin in the short run if I thought that that was going to compromise the technology platform or our customers experience in the midterm or long term. We wont do that. We have opportunity given lower growth to adjust marketing which we said. The areas will be ruthless about finding efficiencies. You heard from Scott about how ruthless we've been with G&A and well continue to be.  I think its a very healthy discipline in the face of lower growth to drive expansion and to drive operating income improvement which is what we'll do. But we will not, we will not touch critical capabilities or critical priorities. We would not do that in the face of trying to generate a lot expansion in a quarter or two. We are running the company on behalf of customers, employees and shareholders for the long term and every decision we make is with that in mind. 
Heath Terry: Great! I really appreciate that. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. 
Stephen Ju : Okay thanks. So Devin I guess the part of the benefits for payments is to take down friction for the buyers and I guess add value to the sellers. To the former point, are you starting to see any signs of hopefully higher conversion rates due to the greater choice of payments. And secondary, you now owned the Japanese asset for about six months now. I guess it's a large market, but it's also a well contested market. So can you talk about what you might be doing to grow the opportunity? Is there a strategy in that market that will be different versus to western markets? Thanks. 
Scott Schenkel: Both good questions, thank you. Vis--vis payments, I think that the best analogy to look at is historically non-PayPal customers, because obviously PayPal we have not turned on yet, we will turn that on later in the year. So we have looked at historical credit card purchasers on eBay and ApplePay users on eBay and both are showing higher conversion in the new payment experience. So we have confidence that we are on the right track and well obviously measure the PayPal base once PayPal is wired on, but we think it is a good experience.  I've rarely seen something that has so many positive benefits for customers, for our shareholders, for our partners, payment providers. There is a lot of goodness to go around with this and we are really seeing positive early signs. Keep in mind, this is an optional trial. So nobody is required at this point to be using payments intermediation, yet weve done a 140 million since we launched and its growing rapidly. So we feel really good about the opportunity and I think quarter-by-quarter the market will begin to see that, that this is real and it's happening and it's going to get really real after the second half of 2020.  On Japan, Japan asset is growing very, very nicely. Its a young asset, so it is  it's not yet at scale but it is a very differentiated asset in the Japan market. The Japan market is fairly mature. You've got a couple of big entrance players like Yahoo!, like RocketOn, like Amazon, and we are growing rapidly with a different base. Its a business that is more browse and search oriented. It's a business that has more millennials, more women; it's a business more skewed to fashion and soft goods categories and its doing great.  We couldn't be happier with the acquisition and it's potential in the future. It is carving out a meaningful niche in a very, very large  the world's third largest Ecommerce market where we've had nothing and now we look forward and say this is going to be a big business for us in several years.  Thanks for the question. 
Stephen Ju : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: Devin in your prepared remarks you talked about some of the cross platform opportunities and benefits. Could you just elaborate on that a little bit in terms of what you saw in 18 across the core and then classifieds and StubHub. And then just shifting over to sales and marketing, we saw a deleverage, I think almost 400 basis points in 4Q. Can you just flush out the inefficiencies there across promotional activity and then also Japan and how we should think about promotional activity going forward? Thanks. 
Devin Wenig: Ill let Scott answer the second. On the first part, I start and stop with the customers and if I take a platform like eBay Classifieds, increasingly this is just becoming one consumer selling experience. It's really becoming an experience where you list and your listing ends up on both eBay and classifieds, including the reverse, which is you may list on classifieds and it ends up on eBay.  To me, I said this before, I'm not saying anything different, classifieds is just the selling format. It's selling locally as opposed to selling globally, but its consumer selling to consumers which is something that eBay has done in its entire history.  Vis--vis StubHub increasingly we are directing traffic and ticket sales to step up from the core eBay market place. If you go on StubHub and buy something today, you very well may see eBay being merchandise in the check-out floor  merchandise for your team or your event. Weve really started this at the beginning of 2018 and are just getting up to scale. But with classifieds we've proven that we can deliver for customers and we can grow those cross platform synergies. We tend to do that with a classifieds and StubHub.  Scott can answer the marketing question.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah I mean the largest deleverage that you mention is really driven by market places. I had highlighted a few contexts that I think we talked about in the past. But first remember we've been shifting away from incentives that end up showing up in contra and as those shift and move into the marketing expense line that pushes up a few areas.  First off, buyer coupons and those buyer coupon have been focused on both, new and reactivated buyers, as well as retained buyers to try and influence buying decisions. As Devin talked about, we pushed that spend pretty far out the curb and well be modifying that as we look out into 2019 and one area that well be cutting back.  Second, we pushed pretty hard on SEM stand, Search Engine Marketing spend to really try and compensate for the softness that we saw in our SEO channel and as Devin talked about, we have been working on our SEO channel with a number of different activities in 2019 that should favor that as we're able to dive back a little bit SEM spend in 19. And then finally, I'd call out brand spend. We certainly spent more in Q4 than we did in earlier quarters around brands than more than weve spent in prior years and well dial that back a bit, but you should expect us to be spending on branding over the course of 19 as well, just not to the same extent as we did in 18. 
Douglas Anmuth: Okay, thank you both. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon : Good afternoon guys. Lets start maybe with Scott. Just thanks for all the detail. On the capital plans Im guessing there is no sort of insights on what you are expecting to do with debt levels there. Specifically though we can kind of back into it based on what you are talking about with leverage and cash balances to assume you go-to-market. I'm guessing no details there as you dont want to get ahead of yourself, but would there be any reason we wouldn't expect you to do something in the market sooner rather than later, is there any sort of visible hurdle that we should be waiting just as we think about layering that into our models. And then maybe just a comment on how you think about potential M&A. Is there any budget in there for it specifically? Wed expect it to be modest, but any color on that would be great.  And then Devin just on the ad business, with the growth thats going on there are promoted listings. We assume that the number of actions, of revenue actions since you charged on a CPA basis is growing significantly as the coverage improves. Could you just maybe offer a little bit of color on pricing. We presume it's pretty strong, but it doesnt always need to be the case and any comments on what you hope to do to drive further demand growth in 2019 as well. 
Scott Schenkel: Yeah Dan, to your questions, first off we do have kind of M&A basked into our outlook. I would say grossly speak  at gross levels that we talked about in the past and so enabling us to continue to be accusative within the same strategy, it was talked about within you know geo expansion tech and talent newer verticals. And we expected that to continue and that's assumed in our outlook.  With regards to debt, you know look this is an evolution of our capital structure. You know as I talked about, we are targeting $3.5 billion of cash and 1.5x net debt, net leverage ratio. I think that allows to be aligned, align our capital structure and our cash generation profile, thats super strong with our priorities and our shareholder returned objectives that we talked about.  And to the extent that you know the ongoing user, you know the ongoing use and access to capital debt markets that we need to, well do so and if we don't need to we wont and so we are leaving ourselves a little room as we move forward there.  Devin, on the second.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, Ill take the ads question. The pricing has been pretty stable so far. We've seen the growth coming from both the source seller adoption and the sync buyer consumption. So pricing has been stable. I think as we move forward the sources of additional grow, the sources of being able to continue to scale at this rate which has been high is three areas: one, on the seller's side more opportunity for sellers to source first party ads. We still havent fully opened up the funnel to sellers. One example would be API access, our biggest sellers who genuinely interface with eBay though APIs, not through seller hub. We dont yet have access to first party ads here if they want it. So well open that up, thats just one example.  For buyers there will be more placements through things like unified ranking which will make sure that we're serving the right listing, to maximize conversion; through search and browse results not a separate slot for first party ad. The algorithm should fully understand how to maximize every pixel on the screen and that's where we're moving to.  And then finally the model, there's been demand for a CPC model to go along with the CPA model and I would expect that at some point during the year, well roll out a CPC model for brands in particular to complement the CPA model. 
Dan Salmon : Great. Thank you that's very helpful. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Sure, just one quick one. Trying to get my GMV forecast kind of in order here. If the softness in December continued through January, I'm sure we can kind of back into it on your 1Q guidance, but wondering if you could comment on that. And then secondly, how does the company think about GAAP versus non-GAAP earnings and do you think about ways to maybe close that GAAP and I guess the biggest difference will be stock based comp, but how do you think about that? Thank you. 
Scott Schenkel: Look Justin, generally I mean you know we don't comment about inter-quarter trends. I would just say that you know at this point January kind of ended up about where we thought it would and was kind of in line with the extra trajectory of December and so thats about Ill say on that one.  GAAP to non-GAAP look we absolutely think about GAAP versus non-GAAP all the time. As you guys know we provide all those reconciliation, implied in our Q1 and 2019 outlook you can see that our stock based compensation is not going to  is not expected to increase this year, our expectation is flat. That will bring us closer in-line, not to mention the amortization of intangibles also is come down and so thats bringing us closer in line.  There is of course unusuals and they have been significant unusuals for all U.S. based companies around the world with this last year with U.S. Tax Reform, not to mention then how you adjust and go forward. And so as we look at it, we closely monitor our cost at every line item both GAAP and non-GAAP. I think we've demonstrated our capabilities to control those costs and also articulate them and I feel pretty good about the operational aspects of the GAAP outlook for 19 in particular. 
Justin Post: Great! Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Operator, well take one more question. 
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Ygal Arounian with Wedbush Securities.
Ygal Arounian: Hey guys, thanks so much for taking the question. So you know talking about the core users versus the new users and talking about that bunch, there was some pushback on the core user base, taking up some of the structure data initiatives and specifically the product listing experience. But there is still focus as we go into 2019, obviously kind of bring that new user experience to them as well. So can you really talk about what the balance between are continuing to push those initiatives through were. If there are other things that you are focused on to kind of bring them up to speed and catch them up to how the new users are experiencing eBay going forward. Thanks. 
Devin Wenig: Yeah I had a little trouble hearing you, but I think the question was really about product experience and the dynamic between new users and existing users, something like that. 
Ygal Arounian: Yeah exactly, and then you know what -- if they didnt  if there were some push back on some of the initiatives from that we have been pursing though, specifically the product listing and structure data. Is there a focus to continue to push that though next year or are there new things that you are focused on to catch them up and bring them up to speed.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, I think you know really everything we do is built on structured data at this point. So well expand the catalog further as I said which will help in the SEO outside the environment ecosystem. But yeah, well a lot of the existing base particularly buys, we are really talking buyers, they will get conversion improvements and frequency improvements. We are doing a lot of drive frequency of existing buyers, so that they use eBay in different ways than just the rare purchase.  You know a lot of  when we call  when we think about churn, a customer who didnt buy in the last year, often times thats now somebody who we lost, its just somebody who uses eBay in a very niche way and there are a lot more opportunities for them to shop more broadly on our platform. So we think thats both product and marketing messages frequency will become a bigger part of what we do in 2019. I think that's another way we'll start to build a healthier based towards 20.  So you'll see new users get more aggressive. What I would call retail like experiences, and existing will get more incremental, but still important improvements to conversion and similar. For sellers they will get protections, they'll get more data, they'll get better tools. Weve got a big road map on behalf of our sellers and we are excited about that.  So we are very dialed in to tactical and targeted product enhancements in 2019 that will set us up well for both 19 the guidance youve heard and beyond. 
Ygal Arounian: Great! Thank you so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - eBay, Inc. Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc. Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.
Analysts: Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Edward J. Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thomas Ferris Forte - D.A. Davidson & Co. Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Colin Alan Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBay Q3 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Selim Freiha, VP of Investor Relations. You may now begin.
Selim Freiha - eBay, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2018. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's prepared remarks represent FX-Neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for at least three months through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries including expected financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2018 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the company's Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SEC's website at sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 30, 2018, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Thanks, Selim. Good afternoon, everyone. In Q3, total GMV was up 5% and revenue was up 6% while our active buyer base grew 4% to 177 million. Underlying these results, GMV on our Marketplace platform grew at 5%. Our StubHub platform grew volume at 7%, and our Classified platform grew revenue at 11%. Scott will go into more detail on our financial results in his section. We continue to make foundational investments to improve the long-term health and competitiveness of our Marketplace this quarter while setting the stage for significant growth opportunities in Payments and Advertising. New eBay users are responding well to the evolution of our platform, but as we mentioned last quarter, our existing buyer base has been slower to adapt to these changes. This has limited our ability to scale some new experiences and as we planned coming into Q3, we made significant marketing investments this quarter, with a focus on buyer incentives and top-of-funnel activities such as our brand campaign. While some of these activities were successful and will scale, others did not deliver a sufficient return. These dynamics, coupled with the impact of a strong dollar on our U.S. export business, led to a 2-point deceleration in Marketplace volume growth this quarter. Setting eBay up for future growth requires us to continue to build a comprehensive catalog, further simplify and improve the user experience, and address customer imperatives such as trust in shipping. It also requires that we redefine perceptions of eBay's brand and business. Given that we have a large stable and successful business but must also build for the future, we're shifting our tactics to balance the needs of a habituated base of customers who are used to shopping on eBay a certain way while pursuing an even larger base of potential customers who have different expectations. We'll continue to focus on delivering significant product experience changes for new customers while evolving the experience for our existing base of users at a more measured pace. Similarly, we'll continue to market our brand, but we plan to target our marketing to focus more heavily on acquiring new buyers while reducing our overall investment. We expect that this will result in slower growth for a period of time as we grow our user base and change the mix of customers. However, this will also allow us to deliver strong earnings growth over this period of time through operational margin expansion and ongoing aggressive capital return while positioning the business for stronger growth in 2020 as Payments and Advertising continue to ramp. Let me now discuss some of the progress we're making to improve the eBay user experience. Structured data-powered services are delivering benefits in SEO, consumer selling flows, price recommendations and new shipping services. We've taken the next step in building our comprehensive catalog by enabling sellers to contribute product information to our catalog for the first time, which will improve accuracy and coverage over time. And we continue testing new iterations of product-based commerce to find a balanced experience that drives higher conversion for both our new and existing consumers. Ultimately, achieving this balance is the key to enabling a scale roll out for the experience. One of our key initiatives is to improve the shipping experience on eBay and that's Guaranteed Delivery. This experience continues to gain share in the U.S., exiting the quarter with 9% of U.S. volume, and we recently launched this service in Australia. We're also reducing friction across our platform, simplifying registration and checkout while allowing unregistered users to save searches and add items for Watch List without the need for an account. And we continue to scale our new consumer listing flow which leverages our catalog to simplify the selling process, which is leading to improved conversion of sale. Looking at marketing, we rolled out the latest iteration of our brand campaign this quarter. We plan to continue activation of our brand Messages which highlight eBay as a mainstream commerce destination across multiple channels throughout the holiday shopping period, but we will further target and segment marketing spend, driving efficiency in our overall investment. As we've discussed previously, Advertising and Payments are two significant opportunities in front of us. Our total Marketplace advertising portfolio is expected to top $600 million this year. Within this, we expect Promoted Listings to represent approximately $180 million. The strong growth of Promoted Listings has enabled us to continue to reduce our reliance on non-strategic third-party advertising. In Q3, we began expanding Promoted Listing placements and we've seen positive results across the board. We now have over 400,000 sellers promoting over 160 million listings, leading to revenue growth of 120%. We have further aggressive expansion plans for this service and we believe that our total Advertising portfolio has the potential to contribute $1 billion in annual revenue in the next few years. Looking at Payments, we're a month into our multi-year managed payment journey and we are more excited than ever about this opportunity. Our new experience is live and it's working well in the U.S. With an early product, we have over 3,000 sellers and they have enabled 900,000 transactions and $38 million of GMV thus far, which represents an annual run rate of over $0.5 billion. From the buyer perspective, our guest checkout buyers who have historically indexed to credit card payments are showing higher conversion and Apple Pay already has a 12% share of addressable volume. As I said previously, managing our Payments flow will allow us to simplify the end-to-end experience for buyers and sellers. In particular, most sellers can expect reduced costs for payment processing with a simplified selling process and access to more buyers who will have more payment choices. Sellers are already realizing significant savings and a simpler interface with one place to manage their eBay business. We're working to expand the program, with more sellers driving more volume and realizing more savings as we ramp to 5% in the U.S. At the same time, we'll continue to improve the experience; implementing new features and functionality, including new payment methods such as PayPal. Shifting focus to other platforms, StubHub delivered modest volume acceleration in Q3 driven primarily by strength in concerts, partially offset by a weaker NFL performance, and Classified growth accelerated as well with continued strength in our German platforms, Kleinanzeigen and Mobile (09:29). In summary, we will continue to make investments to improve the long-term health and competitiveness of our Marketplace. We are evolving our approach and plan to further target our product and marketing resources to address the needs of both new and existing users. At the same time, we will invest aggressively to deliver significant growth opportunities in Payments and in Advertising. While this will result in a period of slower top line growth, we will grow operating income through margin expansion and will continue to aggressively return capital to deliver strong earnings growth. Let me now turn to Scott to provide more details on our quarterly financial results and on our outlook.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Thanks, Devin. Let's begin with Q3 performance starting on slide 4 of the earnings presentation. In Q3, we generated $2.6 billion of total revenue, $0.56 of non-GAAP EPS, and $381 million of free cash flow while repurchasing $1 billion of our stock. Moving to active buyers, in the quarter, we increased our total active buyer base to 177 million. Our trailing 12-month growth was 4%, stable versus the prior quarter, driving 2 million incremental active buyers. On slide 6, in Q3, we enabled $22.7 billion of total GMV, up 5%, decelerating 2 points versus the prior quarter. By geography, the U.S. generated $9 billion of GMV, up 3%, while international delivered $13.7 billion of GMV, up 7%. Moving to revenue, we generated total net revenues of $2.6 billion, up 6% on an FX-Neutral basis and up 5% organically. We delivered $2.1 billion of transaction revenue, up 5%, and $560 million of marketing services & other revenue up 7%. Turning to slide 8, our Marketplaces platform grew GMV by 5% in Q3, a 2-point deceleration versus the prior quarter. U.S. GMV grew 2%, decelerating 4 points quarter-over-quarter. While we anticipated some export headwinds coming into the quarter based on U.S. dollar strength, our product and marketing efforts did not scale to the extent we expected to offset this pressure. Underlying these GMV dynamics, volume brought by U.S. buyers or GMB grew 5% in Q3, a 1 point deceleration versus Q2. And while not to our aspirations, it decelerated more modestly than GMV. International GMV was stable at 7%, with the full quarter from our Japan acquisition offsetting modest deceleration in the UK and other small markets. Total Marketplace revenue was $2.1 billion, up 5% year-over-year. Transaction revenue grew 5%, in line with GMV, with Promoted Listings growing 120% and contributing over 1 point of growth to transaction revenue. Transaction take rate is slightly higher year-over-year due to the favorable impact of hedging activity and strong Promoted Listings growth, offset by geographic and category mix dynamics. Marketing services & other revenue grew 3%, an acceleration of 1 point versus the prior quarter. Moving to slide 9, total GMV for StubHub grew 7%, accelerating 2 points from Q2, while revenue grew 7%. Moving to slide 10. In Q3, Classifieds grew revenue 11%, a 1 point acceleration versus Q2. On major cost drivers, in Q3, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 26.4%, down 2 points versus the prior year, net of approximately 1 point of foreign exchange favorability. Cost of revenue increased nearly 1 point year-over-year, driven primarily by our first-party inventory program in Korea. Q3 sales and marketing expense was up over 3 points, driven by marketing and promotional spending on our Marketplace and StubHub platforms and the addition of our Japan acquisition. Product development costs were down 1 point due to increased productivity across our product initiatives even as we redeploy into strategic opportunities such as managed payments and first-party advertising. G&A was down nearly 1 point through operating leverage, our fourth consecutive quarter of G&A productivity. Turning to EPS on slide 12. In Q3, we delivered $0.56 of non-GAAP EPS, up 19% versus prior year. EPS growth was driven by volume growth and the net benefit of share repurchases and a lower tax rate offset by our investments in managed payments, marketing and Japan. Our non-GAAP tax rate was lower than expected due to the benefit of discrete items. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.73, up $0.25 versus last year. This includes a $313 million gain on the sale of our Flipkart stake and $126 million gain recognized due to the change in the fair value of a warrant agreement. Stock-based compensation for the quarter, including related taxes, was $127 million, up 7% as we continue to utilize equity programs to compete for talent in a highly competitive environment. While our non-GAAP financial results exclude stock-based compensation, we take a considered approach to granting stock and per our capital allocation strategy, we are committed to offsetting this dilution via stock repurchases. As always, you can find the detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. On slide 13, in Q3, we generated $381 million of free cash flow, which was down 47% on a year-over-year basis, primarily driven by a Flipkart cash tax payment and the timing of working capital flows pushing into Q4. CapEx was 7% of revenue in Q3 and we now expect to be in the range of 6% to 7% of revenue for the year. Turning to slide 14. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $9 billion, which includes the net Flipkart proceeds of nearly $1 billion. During Q3, as part of our ongoing commitment to capital return, we repurchased $1 billion of our stock. We ended the quarter with $4.7 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining and you can expect us to continue to be aggressive buyers of our own stock. Turning to our Q4 guidance on slide 15. We are projecting revenue between $2.85 billion and $2.89 billion, representing organic FX-Neutral growth of 4% to 5%. Implied in our guidance is continued pressure on Marketplace volume growth, driven by ongoing export pressure from the stronger dollar and similar dynamics with our product and marketing efforts. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.67 to $0.69 per share, representing growth of 14% to 18% on an as-reported basis. EPS growth will be driven by top line growth, the ongoing benefit of our share repurchase program, foreign exchange and a lower tax rate, partially offset by our investments in managed payments in Japan. For Q3, we expect GAAP EPS in the range of $0.87 to $0.92 per share. This includes a $389 million benefit resulting from an adjustment to the deferred income taxes effects of the U.S. tax reform, reducing the provisional amounts recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017. For the full year, we expect revenue in the range of $10.72 billion to $10.76 billion, representing organic FX-Neutral revenue growth of approximately 6%. We expect operating margin in the range of 27% to 28% and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $2.29 to $2.31 per share. We now expect free cash flow in the range of $1.9 billion to $2 billion. This is lower than our previous guidance due primarily to the Flipkart cash tax payment. While our free cash flow in 2018 has been negatively impacted by a number of cash tax payments related to the effects of U.S. tax reform and the Flipkart sale, the underlying cash flow dynamics in the company have not changed and we are updating our full year GAAP EPS guidance to $2.62 to $2.67 per share. Given our recent performance and the shift in our approach that Devin referenced in his remarks, we thought it would be helpful to give some initial context on our expectations for 2019. First, we will exit this year having delivered approximately 6% FX-Neutral organic revenue growth, which is 1 point below the low end of our original guidance range of 7% to 9%. That said, we still expect to deliver between $2.29 and $2.31 per share of non-GAAP EPS, which is at or above the upper end of our original EPS guidance range of $2.25 to $2.30 per share. As we look forward to 2019, we believe it is prudent to manage our product and marketing cost to better align to our growth profile. At the same time, we have two significant growth opportunities in Advertising and Payments that require ongoing investment. In Advertising, we will continue to drive significant growth in Promoted Listings, providing our sellers with new tools to drive growth while increasing adoption, coverage and monetization. We expect Promoted Listings to double in 2019, which will benefit Marketplace transaction revenue growth by more than 1 point while seeing more modest declines in our non-strategic third-party advertising. As Devin mentioned, we believe our overall Ad portfolio could easily generate $1 billion of revenue a few years from now. With Payments, as we highlighted earlier, we are seeing good traction in our first test market. Prices for participating sellers are lower and we have leveraged our scale to negotiate beneficial pricing on processing cost. Based on our early results, we have increased confidence in our ability to deliver on an annual revenue opportunity of over $2 billion, with incremental operating profit of approximately $0.5 billion once the majority of the volume on our core Marketplace platform has transitioned. Looking at buyer payment preferences, as expected, we have seen some friction from buyers who are accustomed to paying with PayPal which was required on eBay for a number of years. However, we are seeing higher conversion with buyers who are more accustomed to paying with a credit card. As a frame of reference, eBay guest users who are offered all payment methods, including PayPal, choose to pay with a credit or a debit card nearly 80% of the time. And at StubHub where buyers have similar choice of payment methods, we already see 90% using credit cards for their transactions. Additionally, buyers are excited about alternative payments like Apple Pay where we are already seeing strong adoption, with more than one in 10 customers on the iPhone and iPad choosing Apple Pay. These data points reinforce our belief that buyers ultimately want payment choice for their e-commerce transactions. Finally, we have hit our product milestone so far and expect to invest approximately $0.05 of EPS in 2018. With all of this as context, our preliminary 2019 expectations are to grow GMV and revenue in the low to mid-single digits. With growth at these lower levels, we expect to drive margin expansion and solid operating income growth while making significant investments in Payments and our Advertising capabilities. We will continue to return capital to shareholders at accelerated levels similar to this year while deploying capital to grow via M&A. This should ultimately result in double-digit EPS growth in the low to mid-teens. We will give more detailed 2019 guidance on our January 9  in our January earnings call as per our normal process. And now, we'd be happy to answer questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. Thanks. So, Devin, I think in your prepared remarks, you disclosed that you have 400,000 sellers promoting 160 million listings. Not to sound churlish here, but there are probably millions of sellers and over 1 billion listings, so granted some of the stuff is in the long tail and probably not appropriate for promotion, but what can you do to drive higher adoption from incremental sellers and at this point, do you feel like you have any inventory constraints against growing this at a much faster rate? Thanks.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I mean, that is in essence the opportunity, what you just said, which is the last period of time we've been growing in triple digits. As we said, we expect to continue to grow in triple digits next year and I think that there are opportunities on both the source and the demand side. So on the source side, we continue to see more and more sellers adopt this. We're opening it up to more placements and we're opening it up to more opportunities for sellers to promote their listings. So as an example, for a long period of time, consumer sellers didn't have that opportunity, now they do, and business sellers are getting more chances in different parts of our product flows to promote at their option. I'll remind you that promoting a listing is an option for a seller, it's not a requirement. On the other side, ultimately, we've moved to fixed placements within both search and merchandising and somewheres on our View Item page. But I think that where it'll ultimately move is that an algorithm will decide. There won't be fixed positions. There'll ultimately be a unified way that we can monetize pixels on every screen. And there may be some flows where it doesn't make sense to have any promoted listings because of cannibalization, and there may be other flows where they may all be promoted because that's the highest way that we can monetize on behalf of not only ourselves but on behalf of our sellers. So there is a lot of runway. I mean, I really think we're in the first inning of this and I want to also be clear, we're going to be very careful of the buyer experience. We don't think a good buyer experience is to have every pixel on every page promoted. We've done a lot of good work simplifying and clarifying relevance and personalization. We don't want Promoted Listings to undermine it, but we don't think that it will. And we think we have so much runway for buyers and sellers on this that it will be  as we said in the prepared remarks, Advertising and Payments are two big new businesses on top of the existing eBay business.
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe a little bit of clarity on the new framing around where the business is going as you exit 2018 and into 2019. On the marketing side, wanted to know what you learned from some of the marketing investments you made in 2018. And as you sort of aim for a combination of harvesting existing users and being a little more targeted in growing the user base in the platform, if I heard the messaging right, what does that mean for volume of dollars and where you expect to get the best ROI on your marketing dollars? And then on the return side, just want to understand how much of return of capital is driven by free cash flow versus possible leverage in the model. Thanks, guys.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, Eric. This is Scott. Look, I think as context, remember last year we held marketing flat as a percentage of revenue while as we entered 2018, talked about leaning into marketing throughout the year really on a number of different fronts. And to your question, some of these have worked out well and others haven't, and just let me try and break down a few. First off, as we entered the year and a little bit last year, we were spending on what we would call seller incentives or inventory incentives. And as we diagnose the different cohorts and tranches of those customers and those transactions, what we've seen is that the CLV in those are lower and so the ROIs aren't as good over time. And so what you'll see as we head forward is less of that. Another aspect is kind of middle-of-funnel, if you will, driving more buyers to the ecosystem. And those are  candidly, there is not one ROI within that ecosystem. There's a number of different ways you can measure it and there's not one answer. Some lower-priced coupons for buyers have worked really well. Some higher-priced ones haven't worked as well, et cetera, but we continue to work on refining the ROIs, the appropriate level of spend, making sure we're focused on both activity per buyer as well as new buyer acquisition. And finally, we shifted a fair amount of our spend to upper funnel, if you will; brand, not just TV but social and others. And obviously, that just takes longer. Let Devin weigh in on those aspects of it, but I think overall, we're still committed to a brand campaign, but the reality is it's going to take longer and we expected that going into it. As related to that, to the outlook, what you can expect is that next year, we'll be getting leverage off of the 2018 base, reducing our marketing as a percentage of revenue and kind of deploying within those three buckets as I talked about. And Devin, you want to weigh in on the brand? And then I'll answer the last question here.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Well, I guess what I'll say  all I'll say is what we've said before, which is we have a unique situation. The eBay brand is very well-recognized, but not always well-understood and we're very proud of the user experience. We think it's excellent and it's evolved so much even over the last couple of years. And we're seeing this that new buyers are responding really well to the changes that we've made in the last few years. So we need more of them and I think part of that is messaging our brand. Brands are harder to measure than our lower funnel spend, as Scott said, but we're committed to it. We'll use all channels and it will take time. This is one of the top 30 brands in the world. It's very well-habituated, so it does take time to change the perception of it. But we are committed to it. We will move it and we will make sure that we invest appropriately and don't waste money while doing it.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: On I think your last one there, Eric, free cash flow versus leverage, we have $9 billion of debt today. I don't anticipate that we would be delevering at any point in the near future. At the same time, we've got some pretty robust plans for share buyback and capital returns to shareholders. We've got, what, $4.7 billion of free cash flow authorization remaining and we'll  oh sorry, have stock buyback authorization remaining. And we'll continue to be buying back at these elevated levels like we've talked about over the last nine months or so.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Edward J. Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good evening and thanks for taking the question. On the issue of the behaviors of the well-habituated consumers, I guess, is it an issue of refining the functionality of the products you're rolling out? Obviously, you're slowing down some of the rollout. Or is there some kind of training or other way that you can help bring those behaviors of the habituated users more closely aligned to the new users? Thank you.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Thanks for the question. Certain of our services have been well-received across the board and others have then take more time, and an example of something that takes more time, that is really going well with new customers but is taking more time, is a full product-based commerce experience where we fully compress the product side. What we see is that, as you would expect, new customers who don't  haven't shopped with eBay before come to it and they respond very well to that. Existing customers, some of them shop on eBay. They've been shopping on eBay for 20 years, so it's a new experience and there's always some friction when you change an experience. I think some of it is time and habituation. Some of it is education, and as we said, our approach is going to change a little bit, which does slow things down a bit. And that is we'll go fast with new customers and we'll go slower with the existing base and over time, the mix will change. So we're still very confident in what we're doing and we do believe that the existing base will evolve and it'll come along but we are very conscious that we don't want to screw up the existing ecosystem. We have a good, stable base of customers, a very successful business, and we don't want to disrupt that. So we'll be more aggressive with the new and we'll go a bit slower with the existing buyers and eventually, we'll get them both there.
Edward J. Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Sandler with Barclays.
Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Two questions. You mentioned again the FX impacting U.S. export in the quarter and as we look forward to the low to mid-singles GMV in revenue growth in 2019, are there things that are impacting the business globally like this that are temporary or do you see this as kind of more of a structural deceleration in terms of what's happening with just overall growth? And then the second question is the market really isn't assigning any value to StubHub or Classified currently so do you think if things make sense stepping back to keep the overall company structured the way that it is with three different entities all under one roof or do you think there could be opportunities to unlock value by looking at other possible corporate structures here? Thank you.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Thanks for the question. Let me do the second one and then Scott'll talk about FX. Look, we're really clear-eyed about our portfolio. I mean, we have always done the right thing for shareholders and remember, going back to selling stakes in Ricotta Libre (34:20) and Flipkart, we sold eBay Enterprise at the time of the PayPal spin so we don't approach the world as we need to collect assets. With that said, we think this is the right portfolio. The reason is we've got market-leading positions in these assets and we are adding significant value to them. They don't stand in a vacuum. They're not floating in space inside an eBay ecosystem. We are helping those assets quite a bit through the core  synergies with the core. So, again, we've never said never to anything. Our job is to create value for shareholders, but this is the right portfolio for the company now, we believe. We'll always evaluate it and our standard is do we have a market leader and is  and are we adding unique value to it? And with StubHub and Classifieds, the answer is yes, we are.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Hey, Ross. On foreign exchange, I don't know if I'd say the strength of the dollar at this point is temporary or not. I think our assumptions at this point is it stays at these levels and that we'll continue to work on our product and change our product in either Search or Promotion or visibility of U.S. dollar  or U.S. dollar-denominated seller inventory in other markets. And we continually work on that, but right now, it assumes kind of status quo, if you will.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. I had two. The first one is on Payments. Appreciate the color on the early Payments rollout. Sir Devin, if you can just sort of talk to the one to two key areas that you're focused on executing correctly to really fully scale the Payments opportunity over the next one to two years. And then the second one is on Guaranteed Delivery. I thought your comments were interesting around the size of it. Do you see that as a necessary area to invest to continue to push more Guaranteed Delivery to grow over time?
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Brian. On Payments, we're really happy with where we are. We have some product features and functions to roll out. As we said, PayPal will become a form of payment on  within managed payments at some point next year. We'll enter the second market at some point next year, but we're completely focused on customer benefits. We are completely focused on driving an integrated product experience at lower cost for sellers and payment choice for buyers, and that's exactly on our roadmap and as I said, we're whatever we are. A month, a little more than a month in, and this is going exactly as we would have hoped at this early stage. And what's really encouraging is that we're delivering real benefits to customers. You see it in the form of payment choices buyers are making. You see it in the savings and the feedback that we're getting from sellers. I'm really  look, it's a long road, but it's not that long. I'll remind you that the operating agreement with PayPal is up in June of 2020 and after that, we're free to do whatever we want and we're racing as fast as we can to deliver customer benefits up to get to that date. On eGD, we are investing in delivery and we're seeing really good results with Guaranteed Delivery and the share is going up. We're going to keep driving it up. I think the question is do we need to invest more? I'm not sure right now. Within the framework Scott discussed in 2019, we will be making incremental investments in our delivery experience. The one thing I don't think we need to do is deploy large amounts of capital to build the warehouse strategy. I've never thought that. I don't believe that and I think that we use data and we use the diversity of our inventory to close the gap. And just as one example, as we've said before, two-thirds of packages are delivered within two business days in the United States. That's pretty good, particularly given the breadth of our inventory. And we do that without a warehouse strategy, so we're going to keep driving hard to close delivery gaps. We're going to keep driving hard to give customers increased penetration of free, more clarity on tracking and time but we're on the right trajectory. Customers are responding well to that.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark May with Citi.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Maybe two, if I could, please. On Payments, it's clear how eBay earnings  how this helps eBay earnings over time and how you can also save sellers' money and simplify the process, but just curious if you see the new Payment platform in any way helping to improve active buyers and/or GMV from sort of some of the top line metrics? And then on the marketing, marketing spend obviously ramped about a year ago and it remained elevated even through Q3, but U.S. GMV growth still decelerated, I think below 3% in the quarter. So just curious what gives you the confidence that as you pull back at what seems to be a fairly meaningful amount on marketing that you can actually maintain mid-single-digit growth? Thanks.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah. I'll let Scott handle the second part and let me handle the first. Let me start by saying this again. We are the only marketplace in the world that handles payments and checkout the way that we do because of the very unique relationship and history with PayPal. So I absolutely believe, aside from the direct economics, that we will have more buyers because there are many buyers in many jurisdictions where they have a preferred means of payment that we don't offer and this unique situation of, in essence, favoring/requiring PayPal for buyers, look, I think PayPal's a great company and there are a lot of customers who want to use PayPal, and they will be able to. But there are  we could give you dozens of examples of other payment choices that people want to make that we don't make available today and we're going to as this rolls out. On the seller side, I don't want to minimize that as well. We need to reduce sellers' costs. We need to deliver an integrated product experience. Every other marketplace that you can mention, every other digital marketplace handles the way that they provide information to their sellers or their drivers or their home renters in one place. They say, here's your transactions and here's where the money went. Only in this eBay world do we say, here are your transactions and then go somewhere else to figure out where the money went. It really makes no sense and that's the essence of what we're doing. We're going to bring it together for sellers. That means better economics for sellers and more competitiveness, and ultimately, a better checkout experience, not just on payment choice, but seamless checkout. I am very optimistic that when we get there to the other side and the majority of our transaction volume is through managed payments, we won't just pick up the direct economics of it. We'll also pick up a better experience and we'll see a direct impact on accelerating Marketplace dynamics.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, Mark, to your second question, I'd point you to kind of activity per buyer in terms of what gives us confidence as we look forward. At this point this year, we're really lapping some pretty big gains we made last year on our bulk product and marketing efforts that weren't repeated this year. And fundamentally, we started to lap and weren't able to offset the lapping of the gains that we made last year. So we feel at this point we're sort of limited by our ability to grow active buyers faster until we can scale our experiences for new buyers, but at the same time, ensuring we don't disrupt our existing buyers. So if you look at our active buyer growth growing at about 4%, while it's not our aspiration, that level of stability in active buyer growth combined with kind of stability now in GMV per active buyer, as we look forward, makes us more confident in how we stand albeit not to our aspirations to date but certainly in line with the guidance that we've given for both Q4 and next year.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas Forte with D. A. Davidson.
Thomas Ferris Forte - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you for taking my question. So wanted to ask about capital allocation. You've talked a lot about the free cash flow and you still generate very significant free cash flow and using that to maintain your accelerated pace of buybacks. Do you feel any differently about M&A given some of the challenges you've talked about today as far as customer growth, new customer versus old customer? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, no. I don't think  specific to the latter question, I don't think we feel any different about M&A. I think the reality is, is we set out on a very aggressive capital return strategy given the free cash flow dynamics that you laid out, as well as kind of our cash situation, and we've executed about half of that to date. And as we look forward not only for capital return but also M&A, we don't really see a change while keeping the stock buyback for the next year at the elevated (44:41) levels that we've talked about.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: M&A has and will continue to be part of our playbook. I think we need to continue to maintain a really strong balance sheet in part to return capital to shareholders that Scott said and in part to capitalize opportunities as they come up. We're disciplined acquirers. I think that's the important thing to hear. We don't swing wildly at things. We have bought companies. We will buy companies but we believe in our organic future, so we'll buy something when it can add to our organic future but not to replace it. We have a lot of confidence on the path we're on and if M&A can supplement that, then that's great, we'll do it. But we don't  if implicit in the question was we have to buy something to replace the path we're on, we don't believe that at all. And I think for our investors, they don't want us to do that. I think our investors want us to be disciplined capital allocators and we've been that and will continue to be that.
Thomas Ferris Forte - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. As we look at sort of the margin expansion that you guys are talking about early this year and next, I'm curious if you can quantify for us in some way how much of that is going to come from your tech (46:08). I know a big part of the original goal is we (46:13)...
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Hey, Heath?
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes?
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Sorry. You're cutting out. Could you...
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Sorry. (46:23)
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: We couldn't hear it. (46:23) It's okay. Can you just repeat what you said?
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Have to. (46:29) So was just asking basically tech investment, how much (46:35) of the savings do you expect on expenses next year, marketing expenses that you're (46:40) talking about next (46:42) since so much acceleration that we've expected this year was  come from some of those tech investments. What were the  what are the top two or three things that you won't get out of your tech budget going forward and kind of impact should we expect that they have?
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Hey, Heath. This is Scott. So you broke up a lot but let me answer, I think, what you asked. First off, as I called out, you can expect leverage in sales and marketing and, for that matter, in G&A as we head into next year. We do expect to get some productivity within the product and technology efforts last year in combination of what Mazen and the site ops team has done on site operational costs as well as focusing our investments with the limited restructuring that we did in the middle of the year and as we look to refine what we'll be focusing on next year. And I should say that's obvious, I think, in the prepared remarks, while continuing to invest in Payments and Advertising over the course of the next 15 months.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Robert Baird.
Colin Alan Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. I guess first off, just given the shift in approach, I wonder if part of that will include any change with respect to the profile of sellers or the types of seller inventory that you're focused on bringing on to the Marketplace. For example, you've spotlighted in the past the share of new products on eBay whereas eBay clearly has already strong differentiation among older or youth segments and retail. And then, you mentioned also the economic benefit to sellers from managed payments, Devin. I wonder if  is there any thought with the ramp in Advertising if there are also opportunities to stimulate additional seller listing activity through, perhaps, varied Marketplace pricing or are you satisfied with the current pricing structure as it stands? Thank you.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Colin. On the seller base, I don't  our business seller base continues to grow and we're really happy with our inventory mix. We continue to grow the inventory on the Marketplace. If anything, this has been more of a demand side issue than a supply side issue over the last year. It's been the constraint on faster growth. There's been more demand side than supply side. I think the one caveat to that is something that we've talked about on prior calls, which is we continue to see good traction with brands and we continue to evolve our brand experience so that brands have a comfortable place to sit within the eBay Marketplace. And by brands, I don't just mean direct from brands but authorized resellers as well. So just recently, in the last couple of weeks, we rolled out a new direct from brand, direct from authorized reseller experience that you can see on the Marketplace. And the number of brands continues to grow because brands want choice. They want to sell on a marketplace that has 177 million customers and doesn't compete with them. And that's pretty rare and we're almost the only game in town that can say that. On the Payments side or on the Promoted Listings side, again, I think it may be that we can acquire different types of inventory over time but right now, we're seeing good traction with SMBs. We're seeing good traction with brands. We continue to grow on that. eBay has never been bigger in the number of business sellers or the amount of inventory as it is today. So there may be opportunities, but again, I think more of the approach is how we approach the buyer side and navigate this divide between the existing and the new customers, and that's kind of where some of the focus was in our remarks.
Colin Alan Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe just a follow-up on an earlier question about traction of the number of sellers using Promoted Listings. Could you maybe give us an update, specifically on Promoted Listings Lite? I know that was a bit of a follow-up rollout and a bit more of a slimmed down product. Seems to me that would be an important one for expanding that group of users but would just love to hear a little bit more about that. And then, Devin, just to come back to your branding campaign, I think that some of the key themes there are expecting results to take a little bit more time, certainly, and also targeting it a little bit more towards new buyers, clearly. I'm curious about some of the creative, some of the messaging. You talked about highlighting it as a major e-commerce destination and while I'm certain I haven't seen all of the ads you're running, I've seen some, and I know they're oftentimes featuring major brands that are selling on the platform as well. I wonder do you see the messaging changing to focus a little bit more on educating those new buyers on some of the elements of eBay that they maybe don't know that it is just yet? For example, the level of fixed price sales, the levels of Guaranteed Delivery, the levels of new goods sold. I'd just be curious to see on how the messaging may change in addition to the targeting. Thanks.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for both questions. I don't have the exact breakdown of Promoted Listings Lite versus Promoted Listings, but I don't think it's that meaningful a distinction. It's just some of it was just the way we segmented the product to allow consumers to adopt and I think they're both basically a Promoted Listing placement. There is no difference in pricing, monetization, or anything else. So I'd say that we continue to see good traction across the board with Promoted Listings and as we said, we'll continue to  as we drive triple-digit growth in that area. On the brand, we continue to evolve it. I'd also distinguish, when you run a brand campaign, what gets the most attention is a TV spot, but TV's only one element of it. There are multiple aspects to it. There is social. There is the way we reach people through CRM. There is  even the on-site experience is brand. For me, what brand is, is about educating people about eBay, not about a particular thing that we're asking them to buy or sell and, yes, that message will continue to evolve. You'll see an evolution for holiday. You'll start to see the evolution even in the next few weeks as we evolve the campaign to be more direct. I think what's important is that eBay is a dynamic, vibrant place. We don't want the Messages to be boring. There's a role for tutorials and there's a role for brand. eBay is a dynamic, exciting marketplace. We want to convey that while conveying our relevance and the attributes of our business as they exist in 2018. So we're trying to get both of those right and, yeah, you'll see it continue to evolve and we've got a full plan for this holiday across all channels, and we'll do a lot of what you just said in various medium starting in the next few weeks.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to ask two. First, just on the strategy (54:42-54:46) team but just trying to understand beyond that, like into 2020 and I know it's a little far away, but is this just the new normal in terms of how you're going to operate or is this more of a temporary thing? You did talk about being positioned for growth in 2020. And then just second, Devin, hoping that you can talk about the operating environment for sellers in terms of just overall retail, some changes that are happening on shipping, for example, potentially out of China, collecting taxes, tariffs, that kind of thing. Thanks.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Thanks. On the first part, look, I think this period is a transitional period as we both move the base along to a significant evolution of our platform and prepare for what I hope will be an exciting 2020 and beyond. So, no, I don't think it's a permanent approach. I think it's the most prudent approach given where we are now to get through whatever it is, 12, 15 months but I do still believe we'll be able to drive acceleration in the core business and then drive two big businesses on top of that. Many of them, as we said, for various reasons, don't really show up and make a material impact until 2020 and beyond. But I think this is the most prudent approach for this transitional period that we're in. On tariffs, there's a lot in that question. I guess you're talking about tariffs generally, about China, about the postal changes. I mean, I'd say on tariffs themselves, they've had very little impact. Most of the tariffs have been consumer goods and we haven't seen very much. On the proposed changes to the China import on the postal side, we don't  it's a little early on that, but I'd point a couple of things. We actually think we're pretty well-positioned if those changes take fruition. A majority of our China inventory is now warehoused in the United States. Obviously, they're not our warehouses but we've helped our Chinese sellers with warehousing domestically so that wouldn't be subject to those quarters. We've also, this year, rolled out a shipping service called SpeedPAK and SpeedPAK gives China sellers multiple delivery options that don't  wouldn't be subject to the proposed postal changes. So I wouldn't say there is no impact, but actually, in some ways, if the changes happen for everyone importing China inventory, we think we're about the best positioned given that we've been in this business for a long time and we've taken a lot of changes to shrink time and distance and costs for Chinese sellers and build diversity at the last-mile.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's question-and-answer session as well as today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - Vice President, Investor Relations Devin Wenig - President and CEO Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Mark May - Citi Ross Sandler - Barclays Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Colin Sebastian - Robert Baird Edward Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Market Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Thomas Forte - Davidson
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the eBay Q2 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Selim Freiha, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin Mr. Freiha.
Selim Freiha: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. And welcome to eBays earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2018. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Scotts commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scotts remarks represent FX-Neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless they indicate otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including expected financial results for the third quarter and full year 2018 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the companys Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SECs website at sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of July 18, 2018, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon, everyone. In Q2, we continued to execute our strategy, improving the core eBay experience, investing in service and clarifying our brand, while pursuing significant opportunities in advertising and payments. Total GMV was up 7% and revenue was up 6%, while active buyers grew 4%. With the addition of buyers from our recent acquisition in Japan, we now have 175 million active buyers. GMV in our Marketplace platform grew at 7% year on year with U.S. Marketplace GMV growing at 6% while international GMV grew 7%. Our StubHub platforms grew volume at 5% and our Classified platforms grew revenue at 10%. Finally, we repurchased nearly $1 billion -- we returned nearly $1 billion to our shareholders through our share repurchase program and we closed our acquisition in Japan. While we delivered strong earnings growth this quarter, we encountered some revenue headwinds from foreign exchange and weaker StubHub event landscape, which will put pressure on our revenue for the second half. In addition, while core Marketplace GMV growth remains steady we do not expect some of the key initiatives to deliver GMV acceleration until later in the year. None of this changes our strategy and approach, and we expect to deliver core GMV growth acceleration in the second half of 2018. We are focusing to an even greater extent on initiatives that will have the greatest impact on our customers and our business, including further scaling product based commerce, Guaranteed Delivery and our new C2C selling flow while launching a series of innovative new buyer experiences. At the same time, we are stopping work on less critical projects that are not moving the needle or are more speculative. Now let me update you on some of the progress we made in Q2. We continue to build on our structured data efforts including our new product based commerce experience. We have added 12 product lines representing roughly 3% of GMV to a fully product based experience and we plan to expand this to more branded high velocity products in the second half. Users that are new to eBay are responding well to product based commerce with improved conversion. However, this is yet to translate to our existing active buyers and we will continue iterating on this experience until we see those conversion gains across most of our base. We continue to scale Guaranteed Delivery in the U.S. and we recently launched in Australia. We exited Q2 with nearly 300,000 sellers and 80 million live listings in the program, both significant increases versus the prior quarter. In the quarter, Guaranteed Delivery purchases represented 5% of volume and with 95% order delivery accuracy. Within our broader advertising efforts, promoted listings continued its strong growth trajectory. We launched several enhancements in Q2, including a new item recommendation tool to guide sellers on which inventory they should promote. We now have over 300,000 sellers promoting over 150 million listings, leading to revenue growth in excess of 150%, offsetting declines in non-strategic third-party advertising. We are also adding first party services recently launching Highline search ads, which enables sellers to bid for better placement from the top of search results. Finally, we are seeing minimal disruption to date from GDPR to our third party advertising revenue in Europe. Ensuring our users have access to great customer service is an important priority for us. We continue to scale our premium service offering Concierge to more top buyers and sellers. Customers with access to this offering show high satisfaction and are driving higher buyer and selling activity. We recently launched a program aimed at new buyers using proactive outreach whenever we see an issue with a first purchase. We are also simplifying and modernizing our self service platforms with an entirely new AI based experience now live in the U.S., U.K., Germany and Australia. And we are moving more of our customer service roles in house with hundreds of new eBay service jobs hired over the last year, reducing our reliance on outsourced roles. We continue to advertise our brands to drive awareness and consideration of eBay this quarter. While our brand campaign has been well-regarded externally its not yet materially moved the needle on consideration, which is key to driving new buyer acquisition. We will be back in market with new advertising campaign this quarter, while also activating multiple marketing channels in the second half of the year to drive traffic in buyer activity. Finally, we are making good progress on building our managed payment service. We recently announced that Steve Fisher, our CTO has moved roles and will now focus solely on delivering this critical initiative for us. Product development is well underway and we expect to launch an internal beta next week. We have also identified the sellers who will be invited into the initial phase of our new payments experience this fall and we are looking forward to sharing additional plans in this area with our sellers at eBay Open next week. Looking at StubHub Q2 saw strong NBA and NHL performance in the U.S. and continued strength internationally, offset by a softer event landscape in our three largest genres, concerts, theater and Major League Baseball. We expect StubHub to continue to face these landscape challenges in the second half of the year. And Classifieds delivered another quarter of strong growth driven primarily by our platforms in Germany. Before I close Id like to address the Supreme Court decision on Internet sales tax. In the recent South Dakota versus Wayfair ruling the court left undecided some significant issues such as what constitutes substantial Nexus requiring an out of state seller to collect sales tax. The court did make clear that state tax laws must provide protection for small sellers. We do not currently anticipate any material impact on our business in 2018. Beyond that any impact will depend upon a number of factors that will take time to play out, including whether the federal government preempts the states or otherwise enact legislation to protect small business, as well as the effect on states that enact Marketplace collection obligations. In the Supreme Court case South Dakota set a small business exemption threshold of $100,000, which we believe is far too low for states that are more populous. However, hypothetically if that threshold were applied to each individual state, approximately 80% of our GMV would be excluded from sales tax. You can expect us to continue to work with our community and Congress to urge lawmakers to provide clear tax rules with a strong small business exemption that will allow our sellers to continue to grow and flourish. Regardless of how it plays out eBay sellers currently have the ability to collect applicable taxes on their eBay transactions, and we will have the capability to collect and remit sales tax on behalf of our sellers should that become a requirement. In summary, we continue to make progress improving the eBay customer experience. While the first half of 2018 has brought some unanticipated challenges that I outlined earlier, we expect core acceleration in the second half while delivering very strong earnings growth. Now let me turn it over to Scott to provide more details on our quarterly financial results and on our outlook. 
Scott Schenkel: Thanks Devin. Lets begin with Q2 performance starting on slide four of the earnings presentation. In Q2, we generated $2.6 billion of total revenue, $0.53 of non GAAP EPS, $188 million of free cash flow and we repurchased approximately $1 billion of our stock. Finally, in the quarter, we closed the acquisition of Giosis Q10 program platform, which expands eBays footprint in Japan. Moving to active buyers. In the quarter we increased our total active buyer base to 175 million including 3 million buyers from our Japan acquisition. Our trailing 12-month growth was stable at 4% including our new Japan buyers on a pro forma basis. Growth excluding Japan was 3% down one point versus the prior quarter due primarily to the lapping of new buyers from fidget spinners in the prior year. Scaling of new user experiences and our broader marketing programs will continue to be a key area of focus to drive more active buyer growth. On slide six, in Q2, we enabled $23.6 billion of total GMV, up 7%. The U.S. generated $9.3 billion of GMV, up 5%, while international delivered $14.4 billion of GMV, up 7%. Moving to revenue. We generated total net revenues of $2.6 billion up 6% on an FX-Neutral basis and up 6% organically, both down one-point versus the prior quarter. As Devin mentioned, we encountered unexpected headwinds from a weaker events landscape for StubHub and a stronger U.S. dollar, which more than offset revenue from our Japan acquisition. We delivered $2.1 billion of transaction revenue, up 7% and $563 million of Marketing Services & Other revenue up 5%. Turning to our Marketplace platform on slide eight. GMV grew 7% in Q2, flat versus the prior quarter, including approximately 60 basis points driven by the Japan acquisition. U.S. GMV grew 6%, decelerating 1 point quarter-over-quarter due to lapping C2C growth in the prior year and the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar on exports. International GMV accelerated 1 point to 7% driven by the addition of Japan. Total Marketplaces revenue was $2.1 billion up 6%. Transaction revenue grew 7% with promoted listings contributing roughly a point of growth. Transaction take rate is slightly lower year-over-year due to hedging activity recognized in net revenues and some mixed pressure from growth of lower take rate categories, offset by reduced seller incentives and strong promoted listings growth. Marketing Services & Other revenue grew 2%, a deceleration of two points versus the prior quarter as we continue to reduce non-strategic third-party ad placements in favor of promoted listings. Moving to slide nine. StubHub GMV grew 5% year-over-year, decelerating eight points from Q1 while revenue grew 3%, decelerating six points, reflecting a softer event landscape. Moving to slide 10. In Q2, Classifieds grew revenue 10%, flat versus Q1. We continue to see strong performance from Germany and our Motors platform, while managing advertising monetization pressure from the ongoing shift to mobile. Turning to slide 11 and major cost drivers. In Q2, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 25.2%, which is down 120 basis points versus last year, driven by increased investments in payments, marketing and Japan. As a reminder, our operating margin now includes the impact of buyer incentives in marketing expense due to the revenue accounting standards 606 adopted this year. Cost of revenue decreased year-over-year by 50 basis points, helped by efficiencies in our customer service organization. Q2 sales and marketing expense is up 170 basis points driven by promotional spending on our Marketplace platform, StubHub and the addition of our Japan acquisition. Product development costs were up 30 basis points as we continue to invest in our product experiences across all of our platforms, including building out managed payments. G&A was down year-over-year through operating leverage. Turning to EPS on slide 12. In Q2, we delivered $0.53 of non-GAAP EPS, up 17% versus prior year. EPS growth was driven by volume growth, the net benefit of share repurchases and a lower tax rate offset by our investments in managed payments, marketing and Japan. As we stated at the beginning of the year, our guidance range for tax was slightly wider than normal, driven by uncertainty on how all elements of U.S. Tax Reform would impact us. In Q2, we initiated actions to mitigate some of these elements and therefore refined our estimates, providing a net benefit to the quarter of $0.03, as well as a benefit to our go forward tax rate. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.64, up $0.61 versus the prior year, driven by the lapping of last years non-cash income tax charge of 311 million caused by the foreign exchange re-measurement of a deferred tax asset and three discrete items in this quarter. Let me give color on each of these. First, we took a disciplined look across our cost base and took action to create capacity to invest more marketing in the second half, while delivering on earnings growth. The reduction was completed in the second quarter, resulting in a pretax restructuring charge of $84 million. Second, as part of our acquisition in Japan, we relinquished our investment in Giosis non-Japanese businesses, recording a one-time gain of $266 million. Finally, we recognized a gain associated with the warrant agreement entered into with a service provider. As always you can a detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. Moving to slide 13. In Q2, we generated $188 million of free cash flow, which was down 64% on a year-over-year basis, primarily driven by timing, differences of cash tax payments related to both U.S. Tax Reform and other international tax payments. CapEx was 7% of revenue. Turning to Slide 14. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalent, and non-equity investments of $8.6 billion. Our capital allocation strategy is designed to manage the capital structure in a way that optimizes our financial flexibility for organic opportunities and M&A, balanced against capital return to drive long-term shareholder value. In May, we completed the acquisition of Giosis Qoo10 platform in exchange for $306 million in cash and the previously mentioned relinquishment of our investment in Giosis non-Japanese business. We also announced the intention to sell our holdings in Flipkart and expect gross proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion. This transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2018, subject to regulatory approval. During Q2, as part of our ongoing commitment to provide meaningful returns for our shareholders, we repurchased $989 million of our stock. Since separation we have repurchased 281 million shares or approximately 23% to shares outstanding at an average price of $31.40 a share amounting to $8.8 billion in total. We ended the quarter with $5.7 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Before walking through guidance on slide 15, let me provide a little more context on how the stronger U.S. dollar will impact our full year results. As you know we have global business with nearly 60% of our revenue from markets outside the U.S. The U.S. dollar has strengthened versus our main international currencies by approximately 4% compared to what we guided in January. At current exchange rates, revenue is negatively impacted by approximately $150 million for the full year. Our earnings for the full year are largely protected from currency movements, but revenue will continue to be partially exposed if the dollar continues to strengthen. On an organic FX-Neutral basis, the mid-to-high-end of our guidance assumes Marketplaces GMV acceleration will come from further scaling our new product experiences, including product based commerce and Guaranteed Delivery, while ensuring we invest more heavily in our marketing programs. For StubHub, while we do not guide by platform, we are not currently assuming any improvement in the trajectory of the market in the second half and we will also be lapping a particularly robust Q4 in the prior year. We are now projecting 2018 revenue between $10.75 billion and $10.85 billion growing 6% to 7% on an organic FX-Neutral basis and 8% to 9% on an as reported basis. We expect operating margin at the mid to low end of the 27% to 29% range for the year driven primarily by our Japan acquisition. We now expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate in the range of 17% to 20%. We continue to expect share repurchases of approximately $3.5 billion per year over 2018 and 2019. We are projecting non-GAAP EPS of $2.28 to $2.32 up 14% to 16% as reported versus last year. This includes the impact of topline growth, the ongoing benefit of our share repurchase program and a lower tax rate, partially offset by our investments in managed payments in Japan. We expect free cash flow towards the lower end of the $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion range driven by our Japan acquisition and foreign exchange, while the underlying cash flow dynamics of the company have not changed. This also includes to assume capital expenditures in the range of 6% to 8% of revenue. Full year GAAP EPS is projected to be $1.91 to $2.01 per share. Any gain from the sale of our holdings in Flipkart is currently not factored into our GAAP guidance. Turning to Q3 guidance on slide 16. We are projecting revenue between $2.64 billion and $2.69 billion growing 5% to 7% on an organic FX-Neutral basis and 6% to 8% on an as reported basis. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.54 to $0.56 per share representing 14% to 18% growth. For Q3, we expect GAAP EPS in the range of $0.37 to $0.41. In summary, we continue to execute our strategy and remain focused on improving the core eBay experience. We have made adjustments that enable us to continue to deliver strong earnings growth, while we scaled the new experiences and invest more in our marketing efforts. Looking ahead, we are on track for payments testing in the second half, which is a very significant opportunity to improve the customer experience and deliver significant economic benefit for our sellers and shareholders over time. Now, wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question. Just to want to talk about sort of the back half and the new full year guide. Just want to talk to what gives you sort of confidence in the continued ability to reaccelerate GMV in the back half as the comps get somewhat easier? And how should we think about as youre triangulating the acceleration in GMV with the lower revenue expectations for the year? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Thanks Brian. I will let Scott talk about the translation of revenue, but let me just talk about the business drivers. So, there are really two significant drivers to the second half. The first is the product and customer experience, and the second is marketing. On the product, we have some significant product changes coming into the market some of which are already in the market performing well which we are going to scale. So I mentioned Guaranteed Delivery, already out scaling, performing well. Our new C2C selling flow delivering meaningful consumer selling conversion, scaling already out in the market. Structured datas tentacles are now touching every part of the company and theyre making a meaningful impact in many areas. The one area that we still got to iterate is on the full product based prior experience, where as I mentioned in my remarks, we are seeing really good conversion from brand new buyers who come to eBay and we have some work to do on the existing base. So, on the product side, we have been working, as you know, at this for quite a while. We have driven improved acceleration and better operating results over time and we believe that that will continue in the second half. At the same time, because we are seeing good performance of new buyers that come to eBay, we want to bring more of them, and to do that we are going to continue to activate our marketing channels and market aggressively. We are responding to a competitive e-commerce landscape. We love our proposition. We think that when people come to eBay that they see what a great proposition we have. So you can expect us to light up our brand in the second half further. You can expect us to be active in all marketing channels and to plus that up along with the new product releases. So, all of that, obviously, helped us factor in to the guide on core acceleration. Scott can talk a little bit about the core GMV to revenue translation.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. Brian, the way I would think about the translation from GMV to revenue is, its roughly the same. So when we talked about guidance for the year, we expected roughly 1 point of acceleration from our Marketplaces business. And in the new guide, essentially, what we are saying is, at the high end wed have 1 point of acceleration in the second half of the year and stable in the first half. And that would translate through in the form of revenue much, much the same way. I wouldnt highlight any differences between GMV and revenue from a marketplaces standpoint. We do have, as I called out, some pretty good lapping with the very strong quarter in Q4 from StubHub, that given their current trajectory and the market landscape is a pressure versus last time we spoke as well.
Brian Nowak: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark May with Citi.
Mark May: Thanks for taking my questions. From an outsiders perspective, it appears that eBay ran more promos in Q2 than normal. Is that accurate? And if so, did you -- why did you do that? And what should we expect going forward? And then secondly, in terms of the reduction in force, can you maybe quantify that the impact on revenue and EPS in the second half of the year? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Sure. Mark let me take those. First off, on the marketing, yeah, Id say, we spent more and I think the additional sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue highlighted that. Look, we are in a very competitive market and in e-commerce landscape thats equally -- thats really competitive. Its important for us to adapt our approach as we try to remain competitive and drive traffic and activity you all saw was inventory. And so, we are increasingly focused, as we have talked about, in making sure that we are driving engagement and usage of the platform and whether thats from increasing share of wallet with our existing buyers or attracting new buyers, and so the promotional activity is intended to do both of those. And while we are on the topic when you think about those incentives there is a wide variety of different incentives that youve seen both in the Kontron in the form of seller couponing, as well as buyer coupons, marketing expense, box boosters, et cetera. And we have been leveraging those promotions more heavily in recent times, and I think, we have been pretty clear and its been showing up in marketing as a percentage of revenue. And look I think you should expect and as implied in our guidance that that will continue and certainly the re-architecture of our cost base that we did in June was intended to enable that without having an impact to earnings. In terms of the actual EPS impact, what we are trying to architect on a GAAP, non-GAAP basis is that there is no impact to revenue and there is no impact to non-GAAP EPS from the restructuring that we did. However, we have enabled a significant amount of marketing incremental to our original plans to buffer the second half.
Devin Wenig: And let me just comment on that as well, which is its incredibly important to me that we are disciplined in our project approach that we are always allocating resource just towards the highest value customer projects that we experiment and when things dont work, we reallocate, and we kill those projects. We do that always. In this case because we had at the top particularly of the technology organization, a significant reorganization with Steve moving to payments, it gave us an opportunity several years into this journey to take a deep look and to say, okay, we need to plus these things up and there are other areas that we just werent getting a return on them. So I think its really good discipline to stop projects that arent working and reallocate to projects that are where resource is fungible, we move it, but not all resource is and thats what you saw us do in Q2.
Mark May: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler with Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Hey, guys. I just had a question on the buyer growth rate and the units sold growth rates. So youve been doing promotions that you just mentioned and you recently launched the Best Price Guarantee program. So it seems like there was an interesting value prop thats out there, but isnt yet really translating into an increased amount of active buyers or it might be and we have an increased amount of buyer churns. So can you just walk us through kind of whats going on with the kind of organic, I think, the last two quarters you added about one million new active buyers. And then how does that translate to the unit growth rate, which has been plus one last quarter and flat this quarter, any color there on units versus ASP will be helpful? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Ross, this is Scott. I would highlight that there is actually a couple underlying dynamics that we have called out in the past and that continue and will continue to pressure in a rolling 12-month metric for the time being. First off, as we kind of talked about, there is a fidget spinner dynamic that in Q2 of last year brought a lot of low ASP items that were a lot of new buyers as well and we have not retained those new buyers to the extent that we have in the past. Theyre kind of one and done if you will buying those fidget spinners and they were very low ASP items. So, as we lap that that certainly makes it feel like the underlying growth rate is decelerating when in fact its more a one-off aspect of that. And that same thing is pressuring active buyers but now the other thing we talked about was we had been favoring higher ASP branded items in our search and as that has -- then that has kind of offset some of the ASP pressure or sorry some of the pressure that we got from the fidget spinners in the sole item number pushing ASP up a bit, but really sold items down. So hopefully thats clear. But thats the dynamic between those two both active buyers and sold items.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: Great. Thank you. I guess, Devin, just wanted to try and get some clarity on a couple of things. Can you outline for us some specifics on the marketing initiatives that youre talking about that didnt delivery in the first half and why you expect them to later this year? Were those all technology projects that youre talking about or marketing programs? Just want to better understand what didnt work and why it might go in forward? And then, specifically, towards the technology projects that youre talking about cutting, I guess, where and how quickly do you expect to be able to reallocate those resources and those investments, what type of projects are at the top of your priority list these days?
Devin Wenig: On the second part of the question, I probably wont get into specifics but we make a lot of bets and some of them are very long term bets and some of them are experiments and we have experimented with all kinds of new mediums of human to computer interface. We have experimented with just a lot of I think its very healthy for us to constantly experiment and have a portfolio of projects that are both near and far. And on some of the far ones we are continuing and some we are not. And again, I dont want to get into a laundry list of small projects. But the overall reduction force was not very large and it reflects the fact that we stopped things that I think should have been stopped and that resource was not we allocable. On the question about the second half, like part of it, I think, Heath is things that its not that they didnt deliver, but theyre taking longer than we probably would have hoped in January. So I look at where we have Guaranteed Delivery in C2C in the market and many of the tentacles of structured data. I am really pleased with what theyve done but we have not been able to move them out of as fast as originally I wouldve hoped quite honestly. And in some ways that gives me confidence that we will get benefit from it we just need to move them out to and get more surface area. Another great example would be the brand. So on brand I am really happy that we are investing and we are sticking to investing in our brand. I think everybody that I have spoken to from our customers to our investors understands that we have an incredible brand, but one that can be easily misunderstood and its our job to close that perception gap. But brands take time and we -- when I look at the underlying metrics I said I think last call or the one before, what I am holding our brand spend accountable for is moving aided consideration and we are beginning to see aided consideration move. It hasnt yet translated to our buyer growth number. I believe it will. But we have got to be persistent and run the company for the long-term and not shut it off because it didnt make an impact this quarter. So there is an example of things that I think are both projects that we shutdown or projects that we believe will swing through and deliver for us in the second half and beyond.
Heath Terry: Great. Thank you, Devin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Robert Baird.
Colin Sebastian: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. First off, based on the pending rollout of the payments beta, can we assume that the integration and testing with Adyen is on track? And then, secondly, if you have any comments on any notable differences in performance in markets outside of the U.S. internationally. Thank you. 
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. Let me take on the payment strategy. As Devin mentioned, I think, the team has made great progress this quarter on executing the plans. And in fact, next week we expect to launch our employee beta. And then we will roll out from there and are working already with sellers who will be invited to the initial 5% phase with our new managed payments experience later this fall and we will actually be sharing some of those plans with our sellers at the eBay Open next week.  International versus U.S. markets. Look, underlying excluding the addition of the Japanese business, our international markets were flat quarter over quarter at 6%. That kind of hides some underlying strength in a few of our larger markets offset by some weakness in some of our smaller markets. But in particular Id call out Australia and the U.K., and some modest improvement in Germany where we feel pretty good about the underlying performance. But on the other side there is some weakness in other markets on aggregate we are flat. I dont know, Devin, if you have anything else.
Devin Wenig: No. It might just be worth adding that one of the headwinds in the U.S. business was the export business this quarter, given the strengthening dollar. So we did see, as the dollar strengthened, U.S. exports came under pressure and that contributed to the 1 point decel in the U.S. business.
Colin Sebastian: Is it too early to say whether the eBay Plus program is helping Australia or is there something else in that market?
Devin Wenig: I think -- look, I think, its very early. But I would say, we are really pleased with where Australia is. Its performing very well. We have a great customer proposition and we dont see any change in trend. we are really pleased with Australia. 
Colin Sebastian: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Market.
Edward Yruma: Hi. Thanks very much for taking my questions. I guess, first, you talked about a difference in behavior between new customers and existing customers, and that the existing base was less favorable. I guess, how do we think about your initiatives going forward to target that base? And then, second, obviously, youve talked a lot about this ramp up and marketing. How do we think about the balance between kind of brand marketing versus some of these targeted promos? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: On the first part, I think, so far we have done pretty well making substantial changes to the Marketplace without disrupting it. I got a lot of questions a year ago about why we werent moving faster and my answer was always, because we dont -- we want to make it work for both new customers and existing customers, and many of the things we have done I believe have done that, but we -- when we -- not everything is that easy. And when you have a very large habituated marketplace and youre making substantial changes to the user experience some of it takes time. And that time may be design challenges, its front end product challenges. I think we are on to a really powerful product experience that both simplifies eBay, but equally doesnt mimic anyone else and it shows what we are great at, which is the spectrum of value, our incredible advantage in inventory and in prices for consumers, without necessarily having any commodity high velocity items, having them weight through hundreds of thousands of individual listings. Thats what we are trying to accomplish. You get a new buyer who is not habituated to a way of doing things and they love it. Existing buyers have take more time and we have to thread the needle about not disrupting their experience, but also bringing out about that trade-off of simplicity but differentiation. And we see pockets of it, but it does take time. And overall, I feel very good about it. I feel like we are absolutely on the right path and I feel confident that we are going to get the benefit out of that in particular that we have -- that we are expecting. What the second part of the question was on -- brand versus promo. You know what, the way look at it is, we spend an experiment in a variety of different ways to drive value in the Marketplace. For me value means what it says. I have often also said, you can buy growth its not that hard. There are plenty of companies out there that do it. We have always been disciplined in the way that we spent and we are always experimenting. So, yes, we do promos now. The market -- a couple of years ago we added strong deals program to the holiday. Why did we do that? We did it because consumers were demanding it. And what we found is if we do it the right way, we dont just get growth in that holiday quarter, we get the CLD benefit of those customers. Id say we are experimenting right now with these promos. We are experimenting with generating activity, bringing new customers in and then seeing what happens, and its kind of early to look at the cohort of customers that have come in through this promotional activity to know whether we will get the value. But thats exactly why we are doing it. So that we can measure it and make sure that we are not destroying value but that we are adopting to the market, but also getting value out of every marketing dollar or promo dollar.
Edward Yruma: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. Two questions. First, on StubHub, little light versus expectations, were there any customer changes or losses in the quarter, or is it really just the concert schedule, and is that set up for better next year? And then on the tax -- the lower taxes, is that also sustainable next year or is that something thats just this year? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: I will handle StubHub, Scott will handle taxes. I dont think anything changed with StubHub. You dont have to look very far to look at the underlying event landscape in Q2. It was a historically bad MLB start of the season. Some of that caused by a historically high number of rainouts and it was a four game NBA series, it was a five game final series it was a five game hockey series. There were just a lot of things that broke the wrong way on the landscape and as we have said quarter-to-quarter, when you have high market share in the U.S. that -- it is what it is. It comes with the event landscape. So I dont believe any change in the underlying dynamics. I think we just had a tough landscape. And as we said, right now we dont see any particular reason to believe the landscape will get better in the second half, but to me StubHubs underlying market position business position has not changed.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. And the short answer is, yes, the tax rate that we booked year-to-date will continue as we head into the second half of the year and you can see that in the EPS walk that we provided. So roughly $0.03 this quarter, which is a catch up to the first half and then for the second half a roughly equivalent amount, so that upside will flow through and it will be ongoing.
Justin Post: Got it. And so ongoing does that mean 2019 as well?
Scott Schenkel: Yes.
Justin Post: Okay. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JP Morgan.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. I had two. First, just Devin I was curious if you had any thoughts on tariffs and if that could potentially impact seller inventory on the platform or pricing? And then, second, if you could talk a little bit about the strategy in India post the Flipkart deal and going more cross-border and how we should think about the investment required there? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Thanks Doug. On tariffs there is been zero impact to-date. All the tariff activity has been on raw materials commodities and agricultural products none of which directly impact us. But, obviously, we are watching it very carefully like every business is and at this point we dont see any reason that it will pose a near term risk to our business, but you tell me whats going to happen with the trade wars and I will let you know. But so far we are -- we have steered the business clear of anything thats happened to-date. On India, so the first step will be when the Flipkart transaction closes. As you heard, Scott say, we will monetize our investment in Flipkart. Then the anticipation is that we will come back into the Indian market both through in import and an export strategy. We will start with export meaning Indian sellers selling on other marketplace platforms around the world that was something that we turned over to Flipkart. We are going to get that back upon the closing of the transaction. So we will light up the Indian seller base to sell across all of our major markets. And the second step will be the reintroduction of ebayindia.com. And I dont yet have any timing on that, because we dont -- we are not exactly sure when the Flipkart transactions going to close. But the idea would be to lead with exports and imports to lead with India with differentiated import inventory and from the moment the transaction closes to have the export business up and running. Thats our approach. 
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: Hey. Thanks. Two quick questions. One, you havent mentioned at all World Cup. Did that have any impact at all on your business? I hear that was popular with a lot of people. And then secondly that $50 million to $150 million reduction in Marketplace and StubHub revenue in the back half of the year? Is that kind of equally reduced from both areas more heavily from Marketplace or more heavily from StubHub, any breakdown there? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: I will take the World Cup. In the scheme of things, no. We saw an impact on every World Cup game saw a reduction in buying activity, but in the scheme of the size of our marketplace its not that meaningful. And we have got some StubHub GMS internationally out of World Cup. So I dont -- I think it netted to basically its probably a small down but nothing that would have shown up or material. And Scott on the second part.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. What was the second part of your question, I am sorry?
Mark Mahaney: That $50 million to $150 million reduction in
Scott Schenkel: Yeah.
Mark Mahaney: If you can parse that out between those two places Marketplace and StubHub?
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. Roughly 75, 25, Marketplace and StubHub.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you very much.
Devin Wenig: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. A couple of questions for me, I just want to return, not necessarily to Australia, specifically, but more eBay Plus. And Devin, just interested to hear what sort of traction youve seen for that specifically and where you think that program could go long-term, are there markets that it would fit appropriately, and thats first. And then second, just the launch of the Highline, excuse m, the Highline Search Ad, I think its priced on a CPC basis. So I was just curious if it would be reported in marketing services revenue or in transaction revenue like promoted listings? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Yeah. Good questions. On eBay Plus, so we now have eBay Plus in Germany and in Australia. And I am really pleased with the results. Now lets keep in mind that the programs are slightly different based on where they are and I suspect that if eBay Plus moves out of those markets, theyll change as well. I dont -- in Australia, as an example, its not purely a shipping program. Its also got a partnership with flybuys, which is a big national loyalty network for purchasing credit outside our network, to things like groceries and gas and other things. In Germany, its preferential access to deals and other benefits. So I -- right now, when I look at Australia that just introduced this, the uptake early -- its super early, but the uptake has well exceeded our expectations, we are very pleased with where that went. Including this week, where you saw a lot of global retail activity and we use the opportunity around Prime Day to market our propositions and we saw a great uptake of eBay Plus in Australia around this week, which I am really, really pleased with. Could eBay Plus move out? I think it could. We are obviously looking at that. I dont think the proposition will equal the same thing everywhere. But I like the idea of a loyalty program that brings differential benefits to our most loyal customers and we will see where it goes from there, nothing to say at this point.
Selim Freiha: Hey, Dan. Its Selim. On the Highline Search Ads, we just launched this. Its an early beta. We are testing the -- I would consider the revenue from this at this point to be extremely immaterial and we are still evaluating how that will get treatment. As that becomes more material and relevant, we will update you on where that lands within the revenue, whether thats transaction or MS&O.
Dan Salmon: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks. Maybe related to Dans questions, with the focus youre putting on advertising, are you seeing the type of traction you anticipated there? What gates or levers are there that you can pull on to build momentum around advertising on eBay?
Devin Wenig: Youre talking about our advertising business, not us advertisers?
Brian Fitzgerald: Thats right. Thats correct. Yeah.
Devin Wenig: Look, I think that advertising along with payments, are two of the most significant mid-term opportunities that we have. And the one that I would point at most strongly is promoted listings first party advertising. It -- our growth trajectory is very strong, as youve heard on the last three or four earnings calls. And when I look at the ratio of first party advertising on eBay, compared to our GMV, I dont -- I think we are not even in the first inning. There is a lot of runway to grow that business and we are putting a lot of muscle into growing it and I do believe that it is a meaningful revenue stream. I mean, youve heard from, Scott, it was meaningful this quarter, showing up in transaction revenue, and we are just getting started. So when I look out, not too long, but in the call it mid-term, youve got our core business that we are putting an intense amount of focus on that we are leaning into to accelerate. We are very focused on these two kind of lets call it new mid-term opportunities, payments, which we have talked a lot about in the last two earnings calls and advertising, which are the over-the-top really exciting opportunities that we are investing in. And kind of thats the way I look at the next period short-to mid-term playing out is keep improving the core, generate acceleration in the second half and invest in and get prepared for the over-the-top new opportunities in advertising and payments.
Selim Freiha: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Thomas Forte with Davidson.
Thomas Forte: Great. Thanks for taking my question. You made a lot of improvements to improve your search results on Google and then they rolled out a new algorithm with kind of a mobile first emphasis, and youve also done a lot to improve the mobile experience on eBay. Just curious to see if any of the changes at Google had either positive impact on your results in the quarter?
Scott Schenkel: Well, the answer -- the -- look I dont -- I never really talk about Googles impact on us, but I will just say putting aside the impact to us, what we have seen consistently is that not all of our, lets call it, SEO pages are built on structured data, we have been moving them aggressively. The ones that are have performed extremely well. The ones that are not have continued to be under pressure and that means that our job is to move it all and thats what we are doing as fast as we can. But where we have built our SEO beachhead on our structured data footprint, we have continued to see improvements in ranking and traffic. And where we have not yet moved, we have continued over the last several years to see degradation. So the imperative is to keep moving it, keep going and get it all over as quickly as we can.
Thomas Forte: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in the question-and-answer portion of todays call. I would now like to turn it back over to management for any closing remarks.
Selim Freiha: No. Thats it. You can go ahead and close the call. Thank you everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - eBay, Inc. Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc. Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.
Analysts: Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Steve D. Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mark A. May - Citi Colin Alan Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Dae K. Lee - JPMorgan Securities LLC Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Akshay Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be provided at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, eBay's Vice President of Investor Relations, Selim Freiha. Please go ahead.
Selim Freiha - eBay, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2018. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's remarks represent FX-Neutral year-over-year comparisons, unless they indicate otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the expected financial results for the second quarter and full year 2018 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the company's Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SEC's website at sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 25, 2018, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Thanks, Selim. Good afternoon. In Q1, we delivered good results that were in line with our expectations. Total GMV and revenue were up 7% while active buyers grew 4% to 171 million. GMV and revenue on our Marketplace platform grew at 7% with U.S. Marketplace GMV growing at 7% while international GMV grew 6%. StubHub platforms grew volume at 13% and Classified platforms grew revenue at 10%. Finally, we returned $1 billion to our shareholders through our share repurchase program and we recently announced the acquisition of Giosis Japan, expanding our presence in one of the largest e-commerce markets in the world. As I have consistently communicated, we're focused on delivering the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform while also sharpening our brand. This includes ongoing work to build an extensive product catalog, launching and scaling new finding experiences and, more recently, beginning to build payment intermediation capabilities on eBay. In Q1, we made progress in each of these areas. Let me share some examples. Over the past year, we moved the majority of our SEO and paid search traffic to land on new product and browse pages to use our product catalog. We've also begun using our catalog to simplify both business and consumer selling, with sellers now being able to save time and money by relying on catalog-level attributes to list and promote their inventory. This quarter, we began focusing our efforts on organic traffic, launching a full product-based commerce experience to a subset of buyers in the U.S. Users searching for a number of specific products are now landing directly on a product-based search result. This is an important first step towards moving a material amount of our GMV to product-driven experiences over time. In Q2, we plan to roll this experience out to more products, such as iPhones, iPads, TVs and kitchen appliances. We believe this will simplify eBay's search as well as better highlight our natural inventory and price advantages. We'll continue to expand this effort over the next six months with a focus on driving higher conversion. We're also scaling the new Authentication and Guaranteed Delivery services we launched in Q4. This quarter, we expanded Authentication to several European markets and into the luxury watch category. Conversion on authenticated inventory is twice that of similar non-authenticated inventory, which highlights the importance buyers placed on trust for high value purchases. With Guaranteed Delivery, we're seeing increased buyer purchase frequency and high satisfaction scores. With only a small number of sellers currently invited into the program, we have over 30 million items live in the U.S., which is a sizable increase from Q4. And many sellers who are using Guaranteed Delivery are seeing significant increases in sales. Brand advertising continues to be a key investment area for us with ongoing activations across our major markets. We saw some early positive movement on consideration metrics in Q1. Changing consumer perception and behavior takes significant time, but this early validation is a helpful guidepost. In Q2, you will see our brand campaign evolve to directly address the eBay value proposition, clearly explain our inventory and price advantages and define what makes eBay unique. We recently announced our Spring Seller Update, which included a number of improvements to existing programs, including expansion of Guarantee Delivery to more sellers, a streamlined shipping label experience, improved price guidance, a simpler returns policy and enhanced seller protection. We also expanded our first-party advertising program with the launch of Promoted Listings Lite, which is focused on smaller sellers. We continue to get significant traction with Promoted Listings where nearly 200,000 sellers advertised 130 million items in the quarter, driving more than 200% year-on-year revenue growth. Finally, we're taking definitive steps to deliver the intermediated payments opportunity that we laid out in January. We made excellent progress in Q1 on our product build and go-to-market plans while also finalizing the commercial agreement with PayPal to be a form of payment, among others, in our new intermediated payments experience. We'll launch an employee beta this summer and then incorporate our learnings into an initial market test where we'll further learn and iterate. We expect to start small and grow our penetration, building towards intermediating up to 5% of GMV in North America this year. We've received very positive market feedback from sellers who see the potential advantage of more efficient payment process, better economics and increased buyer demand. StubHub had a good quarter, driven by strong international growth, a record Super Bowl and a strong College Football Playoff performance, and we recently announced the hiring of Sukhinder Singh Cassidy as StubHub's new President. Our Classified platform delivered another quarter of double-digit growth with continued strong performance in eBay Kleinanzeigen and good growth in our emerging markets. We continue to drive meaningful synergy between our platforms. And in Q1, we launched a new Motors offering for dealers in the UK, which combines eBay Motors and Gumtree. We're also growing eBay listings on Classifieds, which we expect to deliver nearly $200 million of GMV this year. Finally, as I mentioned earlier, we recently announced a deal to expand our presence in Japan, one of the largest e-commerce markets in the world. With the acquisition of Giosis Japan, a leading e-commerce platform, combined with our existing export business, we will now have a Japanese business that generates over $1 billion of GMV annually with strong double-digit growth and a large market opportunity. Through this acquisition, we will be able to offer Japanese consumers more access to eBay's global inventory and broaden our presence in a dynamic, underpenetrated market with strong potential. In summary, we continue to make progress, improving the eBay customer experience while delivering strong operating results. As I've indicated previously, this improvement won't always be linear, but Q1 was a good start to the year, and we're confident in our ability to deliver on our full year commitment. Now let me turn it over to Scott and he'll provide more details on our quarterly results and our outlook.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Thanks, Devin. Let's begin with Q1 performance, starting on slide 4 of the earnings presentation. In Q1, we generated $2.6 billion of total revenue, $0.53 of non-GAAP EPS, $495 million of operating cash flow and $337 million in free cash flow, while repurchasing $1 billion of our stock. Moving to active buyers on slide 5, in the quarter, trailing 12-month buyer growth was 4% year-over-year, a one-point deceleration versus Q4. The deceleration was driven by some near-term headwinds in Korea and on our core eBay platform. In Korea, we are lapping active buyer increases related to mobile guest checkout improvements we made, in addition to ongoing impact from the Q4 extended holiday. In our core eBay platform, we have seen some pressure on growth over the past couple of quarters from first-time buyers who buy in low ASP tranches. We are actively working to reverse this trend through a number of initiatives, such as our Under $10 micro sites that we launched in Q1. Growing active buyers remains an important focus for us and, as we expect, many of our efforts, including brand advertising and our new user experiences to drive more active buyer growth over the long term. On slide 6, in Q1, we enabled $23.6 billion of GMV, up 7%. By geography, the U.S. generated $9.5 billion of GMV, while international delivered $14.1 billion of GMV, both growing 7%. Moving to revenue, we generated net revenues of $2.6 billion, up 7%, stable versus the prior quarter. We delivered $2 billion of transaction revenue, up 8%, and $557 million of Marketing Services & Other revenue, up 5%. Diving a bit deeper into our Marketplace platform on slide 8, Q1 GMV grew 7%, slightly higher than the prior quarter. U.S. GMV maintained 7% growth, while international grew 6%, driven by growth acceleration in Korea after the Q4 extended holiday, offset by softer consumer spending in the UK. Underlying these trends, our B2C and C2C segments grew at 7% and 6%, respectively. Total Marketplace revenue was $2.1 billion, up 7%, a one-point acceleration versus the prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 7%, with Promoted Listings contributing roughly one point of growth. Transaction take rate is lower year-over-year due to hedging activity recognized in net revenues, offset by reduced seller incentives and Promoted Listings. Marketing Services & Other revenue grew 4%, accelerating one point versus Q4. Moving to slide 9, StubHub GMV grew 13%, driven by a healthy event landscape, including a record Super Bowl and accelerating international growth. StubHub revenue grew 9%, driven by volume, offset by lower MS&O revenue and a slightly lower take rate. On slide 10, in Q1, Classifieds grew revenue 10%, with ongoing strength in our Classifieds platforms in Germany. The three-point deceleration versus Q4 was driven by lapping price increases in our Motors vertical and some display advertising headwinds as traffic shifts to mobile devices. Turning to slide 11 and major cost drivers, in Q1, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 27.9%, which was down 100 basis points versus last year, driven by increased investments in sales and marketing and product development. This includes a 30 basis point drag from foreign exchange primarily showing up in sales and marketing. As a reminder, our operating margin now includes the impact of buyer incentives and marketing expense due to the new revenue standard adopted this quarter. Cost of revenue decreased year-over-year by 60 basis points. Investments in customer service and growth of our first-party inventory program in Korea were more than offset in savings and site operations. Q1 sales and marketing expense was up 120 basis points, driven by promotional and brand spending. We continually manage our marketing mix and shift spend between various channels. In Q1, we spent heavier on buyer-facing promotions that are now reported as sales and marketing expense, while dialing back our seller incentives that are recorded as contra revenue. We also continued to invest in global brand advertising, focused more heavily this quarter on fashion and parts and accessories campaigns. Product development costs were up 70 basis points as we continued to invest in our product experiences across all of our platforms, including investment in AI and payment intermediation. G&A was down year-over-year through operating leverage. Turning to EPS on slide 12, in Q1, we delivered $0.53 of non-GAAP EPS, up 9%. EPS growth was driven by operational growth and the net benefit of share repurchases, offset by a higher tax rate. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.40 versus the prior year of $0.94. As a reminder, the prior year included a non-cash GAAP income tax benefit of $695 million related to our legal entity restructuring. As always, you can find a detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. On slide 13, in Q1, we generated $337 million of free cash flow, which is down 25%. This was primarily driven by the timing of tax payments and a slight increase in CapEx this quarter. Turning to slide 14, we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $9.8 billion. During the quarter, $750 million of debt matured and was repaid, reducing our total debt to $9.2 billion. In Q1, as part of our ongoing commitment to provide meaningful returns for our shareholders, we repurchased 24.2 million shares at an average price of $41.71 a share, amounting to $1 billion in total. We ended the quarter with $6.6 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. In Q2, we executed a new $750 million accelerated share repurchase agreement. These actions are in line with our capital return commitment of approximately $3.5 billion per year over the next two years in the form of share repurchases, inclusive of dilution offset. Now I'd like to build on Devin's comments about payments and further clarify how we're thinking about the opportunity. As I discussed in January, we expect annualized incremental revenue of more than $2 billion, once the majority of the volume of our core Marketplace platform has transitioned to the intermediated model. We assume a migration schedule that begins to expand when the operating agreement with PayPal ends in mid-2020 and scales through 2021. This estimate includes an expectation that we will take steps to reduce the cost of selling on eBay via a lower all-in take rate. We also expect incremental operating profit of approximately $0.5 billion at scale, which we will capture regardless of the payment method chosen by our buyers. As Devin mentioned, we are actively investing to build our product and capabilities related to intermediated payments and improving the customer experience. We expect the level of investment to increase over time, although this amount remains in the range of $0.03 to $0.05 of EPS in 2018. Turning to Q2 guidance on slide 15, we are projecting revenue between $2.64 billion and $2.68 billion, representing FX-Neutral growth of 6% to 8%. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.50 to $0.52 per share, up 10% to 14% on an as reported basis. EPS growth will be driven by revenue growth, the net benefit of our share repurchase program and foreign exchange. For Q2, we expect the GAAP EPS in the range of $0.33 to $0.37. Our full year non-GAAP guidance remains unchanged from January. As a reminder, for the year, we expect revenue in the range of $10.9 billion to $11.1 billion, growing 7% to 9% on an FX-Neutral basis. This guidance continues to imply at the midpoint a point of acceleration from our Marketplace platform. We expect operating margin of 27% to 29% and non-GAAP effective tax rate between 19% and 22% and a non-GAAP EPS of $2.25 to $2.30 per share. Additionally, we continue to expect CapEx at 6% to 8% of revenue and free cash flow of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. Full year GAAP EPS also remains unchanged, projected to be $1.65 to $1.75 per share. GAAP EPS is impacted by the same drivers as non-GAAP EPS, in addition to the amortization of intangibles stock-based compensation and the amortization of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Now I'd like to provide some additional context on our outlook for the remainder of the year. As announced in February, we are excited to expand eBay's footprint in Japan with the acquisition of the Giosis Japan business. We expect this transaction to close in the next few weeks. The impact has not been included in our current full year guidance. However, we expect this acquisition to be modestly accretive to revenue and dilutive to non-GAAP EPS, but within the ranges of our Q2 and full year non-GAAP guidance, all else equal. We also expect to recognize a one-time GAAP EPS gain related to our original investment in Giosis not reflected in our GAAP guidance. We have also been preparing for the EU General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, that goes into effect on May 25. We embrace this opportunity to demonstrate and deepen our commitment to data privacy, and our teams have been working to update our policy, systems and processes to ensure that we are compliant. We have also been working with our advertising partners to understand any future requirements and implications to our shared revenue streams. We are not currently assuming any material impact to our outlook as a result of that work, but this is an area we will continue to monitor through implementation. In summary, our focus through the remainder of the year will be on accelerating GMV by ramping up our product-based experiences and continuing to drive our brand campaign to increase traffic to these experiences. While growth may not be always perfectly linear, we believe that we are on the right path to continued Marketplace platform acceleration while delivering profitable growth and strong capital returns to our shareholders. Now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is now open. If your line is one mute, can you please unmute? Mr. Sheridan?
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Let's move to the next.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. This is Deepak on for Ross. Two questions. First, can you talk about the conversion improvements you're seeing from the rollout of product-based experience on search compared to the prior experience? How should we think about the benefit to GMV growth as more traffic is migrated to a full product-centric shopping experience? And then the second question, recently there's a lot of discussion about ePacket program that enables drop shipping from China to U.S. Can you talk about exposure either in terms of GMV or sellers, if any? Thanks.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for the question. On the first, I guess, what I'd just say is, this has been an ongoing journey we've been at for the last two years. We've seen, in the aggregate, both at the edge and in the aggregate, conversion pickups as we've moved to structured data experiences. The rollout of that is not uniform everywhere in the world. We have some differences country by country. That includes, even if you look at the experience that would happen not only in core eBay search, but out in SEO and out on the edge. I'd say we're pleased with where we are. We obviously wouldn't be rolling it out if we weren't getting conversion gains. You can expect us to continue to roll that out throughout the balance of the year. And as I said, that will start in Q2 with us rolling a whole bunch of new products and categories into this product-based search. And from there, we'll continue to widen. It's a continual process of test and learn. It's not linear, but I think we are where we expected to be, and we're pretty pleased with the results. I'd say moving to the catalog-based approach, our brand and the other experiences that we've rolled out have been direct contributors to the acceleration in growth we've seen over the last 18 months to two years, and we continue to expect that.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Deepak, on your question on ePacket, our China export sellers did pretty well in Q1, and I don't think it really had a material impact. I'd say that the reason it didn't is we've been working over the last several years to really help our Chinese sellers position inventory into markets and warehouses that we've coordinated with outsourced providers to provide the capability for fast shipping in country. And so while, clearly, that's a pressure, I don't think net-net it had a lot of impact.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark May with Citi. Your line is now open. Mr. May, if your line is on mute, can you please unmute? All right, we'll move on to Brian Fitzgerald from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. A couple questions. There has been a lot of media attention on Walmart and their potential investment in Flipkart. Any color in terms of your relationship with Flipkart? How a deal from Walmart would impact your investment and your partnership there? And then very topical again is this notion of GDPR. You guys talked to it and understanding you've been doing diligent work on your own systems and your own data and you're helping your advertising partners as they approach the issues too. But if you had to characterize their level of readiness, do you feel like you're doing more handholding for them at a quicker, more frantic cadence? Or have these advertisers been dealing with GDPR and thinking about it for multiple quarters and years also? And so the whole industry, as a whole, is very ready for this?
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, thanks for the question. I'll take them. On Flipkart, look, I won't speculate or comment on what Walmart may or may not do. I'll just reiterate what our relationship with Flipkart is, which is we made a meaningful investment last year. We have an exclusive commercial relationship that has roughly three years left to run, and that is a relationship that makes us both the exclusive importer and exporter of goods on the Flipkart Marketplace. We're happy with that partnership. We'll wait and see how things evolve, but I won't comment because we're not a party to any conversations that may or may not be happening with Flipkart or other parties. On GDPR, we feel like we're ready for GDPR. We've been working on this for quite a while. We have partners in advertising and we're waiting to see how those partners comply. I think it's less a matter of compliance and perhaps it's a matter of what requirements they have or don't have, and that's still evolving. But I feel really good about where we are. Our readiness, our regulatory compliance and I know everybody in the industry is watching it, and we'll watch it very carefully.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Steve D. Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Devin, I know this looks slightly in the rearview mirror, but the Japanese market has been an area where you could have entered at any point in the company's history. So why was it the right time to acquire the Giosis operations? And secondarily, can you talk about the opportunity to now perhaps source supply from both Japan and Korea to sell into the Chinese consumer demand? Thanks.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Good question. I'm really excited about this acquisition. The reason the time was right is we've had an investment in Giosis for...
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Since 2009.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, since 2009. And they have been steadily building. And now, we feel like they are reaching network effects and exit velocity. It's a business at scale. As I mentioned, we're now at $1 billion. And the growth has been really strong and really consistent. And we feel like they're getting a lot of Japanese buyers, particularly millennial buyers. Their growth has been very consistent and they have not yet had the benefit of global supply, to the second part of your question. So we felt like this is the time. They are reaching that tipping point where it's becoming a scale and meaningful high-growth platform. We think we can add a lot of benefit to Giosis and they can help us. So they have a nice broad Japanese seller base that will complement our smaller base, which has been exporting, and we'll take all of that inventory and export it to all of our Marketplaces around the world like we do. And the first thing we'll do is we'll bring eBay's global supply into Japan for the benefit of Japanese consumers. So I'm really excited by this. And I agree with you, Japan's been a large market. It is not really been meaningful to eBay for its 21-year history, and my hope is now it will, and we're really excited.
Steve D. Ju - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Wondering if you can just give us a bit of a sense with the benefit that you saw from FX this quarter on GMV growth, how are fluctuations in FX impacting your cross-border business and to the extent you see that as either a headwind or a benefit to the FX-Neutral growth that you're seeing in GMV. And then as we look at the marketing, I guess, sort of deleverage that we saw in this quarter up a little over 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis, how much, Devin, would you consider that sort of investment against revenue in the quarter versus your longer-term investments in sales and marketing that we may see benefits in future quarters from?
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Thanks, Heath. I appreciate it. The first part on FX, I think the question is just does it  when you net all the flows out, it doesn't have a meaningful impact. Generally, I don't think it really does. I mean, Scott, do you want to add anything on that?
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: The way I'd characterize it, Heath, there's always going to be intra-corridor complexities. So, as the pound weakens, the export corridor out of the UK gets a little bit better. As the dollar weakens, it gets a little bit better out of the U.S. and vice versa. Look, I think this quarter, it didn't have a particularly meaningful impact that I would call out, as it has in prior quarters, particularly a year or two ago, but we keep a close eye on it and, quite frankly, really look to maximize that in terms of what's available on the sites as they're (31:00) looking for exports out of those specific corridors where there might be weakness in the currency.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah. And, Heath, on the second part of your question, we're being aggressive about marketing and brand. I'm glad we are. First of all, we're trying  keep in mind that now both promotions and many things that were out of the marketing line are now in it since we've adopted the new accounting standards. First of all, on brand, we're going to keep that on. We're seeing early signs. We've always said it would take a long time and we do think the payoff is large, but it takes time, and we're going to keep that on and keep evolving the brand campaign. And this is one of the top brands in the world, but we think that there's a big opportunity to close the consumer consideration gap. There should be more people shopping on eBay because it's a great product with great inventory. And there's some that just don't consider us because they don't know what we do. So we're going to work hard to close that gap. It takes time, but I'm really glad that we're doing that. The second component is promotions, and promotional activity is now in that line, and we're experimenting with a lot of different things. Now that we feel that our product is evolving, we're getting better conversion. We like the experience that our consumers are getting. We're being aggressive and experimental with our promotions, and we're always disciplined. But we did some promotions this quarter, last quarter, Q1 that we haven't done before, like in the U.S. and in general, we were happy with what we saw and we'll keep experimenting with that. So, right now, we're happy with where we are. We always watch our marketing expense carefully for a return on investment, and we're leaning into drive not just growth, but our future barriers to entry on things like our brand.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark May. Your line is now open.
Mark A. May - Citi: Hi. Sorry about that. A question on StubHub. I believe there's some changes in your working relationship with the NFL, and I wonder if you could talk to us a little bit about how you expect that to impact the business when the season kicks off again. And I think on the one end, there might be some impacts on your pricing, but on the other side, it impacts kind of inventory and quality of inventory. So maybe just help us understand the puts and takes there and net-net what you kind of are expecting? And then can you also help us understand a little bit the potential impact on your business, if there any changes to postal rates as it relates to  I think there's some favorable rates the Postal Service provides for Chinese merchants, and to the extent that that changes, maybe help us frame the exposure there. Thank you.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. On the NFL, I think we mentioned this a quarter or two ago that we signed a deal with the NFL to be one of their partners in the secondary ticket market. What that means is that we'll integrate with the teams in the NFL so that we can now have barcode scanning and mobile ticketing, seamless ticketing. So that's a real positive. That means both we'll have high-quality supply directly from NFL teams and a great customer experience with lower customer support because we see lower customer issues and customer support when we have fully integrated tickets and mobile scanning. So we're really happy with that, and it's great to be a partner with the NFL. I think what we said at the time, and I still believe, is the net impact of that might be slightly positive to growth and slightly negative to expenses because we're obviously paying a share for those integrated tickets. It's early  the NFL just announced their schedule, I think, a few days ago, so it's a little early to gauge how that is all going. But we've been really happy with the relationship we have with Major League Baseball, and this is similar to that. It's a similar arrangement where we're partnered with the league and what we're getting is a high-quality supply and a great fan experience through integration, and in return, we're giving up a little bit of that revenue.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, Mark, on your postal question, look, I'd start with the fact that no one corridor is really that substantial in the greater scheme of things, particularly when you're looking cross border. But if postal rates change, I would call out a couple of things. First off, remember, today, roughly 70% of what's in the U.S. is free shipping today, and two-thirds  approximately two-thirds arrives in two to three days or less. And that volume that we see going through the USPS will continue to represent our sellers and their volume to get the best possible rates within what rates are out there. And so, we'll just continue to work on that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Colin Alan Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks. I guess, first, I was hoping you could expand a bit on the buyer promotions in Q1, I guess, first in terms of linearity through the quarter and then secondly, if those will continue through the year. And then as a follow-up on payments, Devin, I was hoping you could talk about how much of the new infrastructure and the integration with iDEN (36:45) is already in place for the beta, or it will need to be for the beta and the first part of the rollout in the second half of the year? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Hey, Colin, to your question on marketing and linearity, as you know, we spend marketing across a number of different levers. And so you when you step back across all of those levers, it was relatively linear. But now that contra revenue for buyers is in marketing expense, what you'll see is, the kind of within month, within week incentives that we drive to take advantage of what's going on in the market. So, for instance, as we started to see a little bit of a delay in tax payments and the opportunity to jump in and kind of incent the buyer base and our non-buyer base to be able to activate on eBay in a more material way, you saw us lean in more in March than you have in the past, and you've seen some of those big coupons that were out there trying to drive higher ASP, higher value items on the site. And, yeah, I think you should expect that to continue. We've been signaling that for a number of quarters that between brand and our marketing incentives that we'll be out trying to bring new active buyers in this ecosystem and drive GMV.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Colin, on the second part of your question, the number one thing that's important to me as we go down this new path is that our buyers and sellers have a great experience. We're very focused on making sure, because this is new, that buyers get more choice, as we said before, and that sellers see both, a lower cost of selling as well as just a seamless integrated experience. On the specifics of your question, I don't want to get too technical, but they're kind of two pieces of payment intermediation at a high level of generality. One is the frontend that customers will see and one is the backend, which is the ledger, which accounts for the money. The frontend is being built very rapidly, and I'm really pleased with the progress there. The ledger will take more time. And actually what we'll do with the 5% market test is we'll actually use audience ledger and then we'll build the eBay ledger in the background. That won't come in until we move into 2019. But I'm pretty pleased with where we are. There's a lot of work to do. It is a meaningful product build and migration, but we're obviously incredibly focused on this. It is a meaningful value driver for our business and we're out of the gate really fast.
Colin Alan Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Dae K. Lee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hello. This is Dae Lee on for Doug. Thanks for taking the question. I just have one on how you're engaging with brand and retail sellers on your platform. How do you think about the balance between those sellers on your platform? And I believe there was a recent line on (39:56) Target potentially moving out of eBay, how do you think about that and does that impact (40:00) your platform going forward?
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: I think I've said on almost every call for the last year-and-a-half that we're very focused on brands. We're not particularly focused on big retailers. Brands are increasingly coming to eBay. We're extremely pleased with the rate of brand acquisition. I think they're coming to eBay because the retail landscape is changing. They get sales from multiple channels that may not be around in a few years and they're looking at their alternatives, and eBay is one of the very few at-scale marketplaces in the world, and we don't compete with our sellers. That's very rare and very unique. So brands that may, years ago, have been skeptical of selling on eBay are now successfully coming to our platform, and they are coming at an increasing rate. There was a time when eBay was very focused on big retailers. We're not now. That doesn't mean that we wouldn't situationally partner with a big retailer here or there, but we're not at all dependent on big retailers for our GMV and, quite frankly, it's not an area of significant focus for us. It is about brands and it's about our small and medium-sized sellers. That's always been the engine of our growth.
Dae K. Lee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is now open.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Sorry about the tech problems before. One, on your own advertising business, wanted to know if we could go a little bit deeper in terms of what you're seeing from sellers willing to engage in some of the changes you've made in the advertising business, and what that might mean as we look out over the next couple of quarters in terms of evolution of the P&L for your own business. That's number one. And number two, on your own marketing spend, where should we be thinking about your marketing dollars going as we move through 2018? Is it towards that organic traffic still? Or is it towards stimulating velocity of shopping within the active buyers that have come into your ecosystem over the last 12 months? Or what are your rank priorities for marketing dollars? Thanks, guys.
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, I think on the latter question, Eric, the first thing I'd call out is, as you know, we've got a broad cross-section of marketing levers at our calling. And I think it will continue to be in the mix of what we have today in the sense of IM (42:29) plus improving the output from our SEO initiatives, plus brand, et cetera, as well as buyer coupons that you're now seeing show up in marketing expense. And I would expect, as we've talked about, that to escalate over time a bit as we look to activate traffic, bring new buyers and increase share of wallet with our existing buyers. So I don't know, Devin, if you want to comment any further on that one before we go back to 1P?
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Yeah. Look, we're disciplined marketers. We are marketing more aggressively, but it hasn't changed our overall philosophy. We measure marketing really carefully. We don't buy growth. We care that the customer cohorts we bring in have a positive customer lifetime value. And there are new tools in our arsenal and we're trying many of them. Some of them we're happy with, some of them we're not, and we'll try and we won't repeat. But I suspect that you'll see us evolve into acquiring healthy customer cohorts and reactivating our existing base are the two most important priorities of our marketing spend, always has been, it just that the means are evolving. On advertising, just to remind you, we've been on this journey now for a year or two where we are growing a first-party advertising business, which is existing sellers on our Marketplace can promote their items, and we have been slowly but surely moving out of some of the third-party advertising that really was almost all of the advertising business that we had on the Marketplace. We would never entirely get out of third-party advertising. We still think there's healthy advertising, but basically we're on a journey to which if you're a brand or you're a seller and you want our significant customer base or volume, you've got to have a store on eBay and you got to promote it through 1p. A year ago, we said it was starting to scale, and obviously we've talked about this the last three quarters. This is a rapidly growing exciting business now. Last quarter, we saw 200% growth. It doesn't yet really show up because we're bleeding third-party down as we grow first party, but eventually we think that is going to be a meaningful contributor to growth. We think there's lots of runway. Although our growth is fast, we're underpenetrated, and there's a lot of room to grow the first-party business, and we're very, very focused on that. So it's one of the things that we think will be a growth driver of this business for the next several years.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for the color.
Devin Wenig - eBay, Inc.: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Yes, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, the last question will come from Justin Post with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Akshay Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is Akshay Bhatia on for Justin. When we look at revenue growth, for the first quarter, it came in at 7% FX-Neutral, and the guidance midpoint for the second quarter is 7% as well. What are some of the drivers to achieve the 9% high end of the range for the full year, particularly as growth comps are about 100 basis points tougher in the back half?
Scott Schenkel - eBay, Inc.: Yeah, I wouldn't call out anything different than we've already spoken about in terms of what we expect to happen from our user experience changes and further expansion of those as well as our brand campaigns. So I wouldn't necessarily highlight anything different, it's just more acceleration in the second half as you call out.
Akshay Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you very much for your participation and you may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - VP, IR Devin Wenig - President & CEO Scott Schenkel - CFO
Analysts: Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Ross Sandler - Barclays Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark May - Citi Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Dan Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Ken Sena - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for your patience. You've joined the eBay Q4 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Selim Freiha. Sir, you may begin.
Selim Freiha: Thank you, Latif. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter of 2017. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2018 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the company's Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com, or the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 31, 2018, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon, everyone. Quarter four was a record quarter for us, highlighted by the fifth straight quarter of volume acceleration in our U.S. Marketplace, flow strong growth had stepped up. Overall total GMV grew 10% on an as-reported basis and 7% on an FX-neutral basis. Total revenue was up 7% and active buyers grew 5%, ending the year at $170 million. GMV and revenue on our Marketplace platform grew at 6%. Our StubHub platform grew volume at 15%, and our Classified platform grew revenue at 13%. Finally, we repurchased $922 million of our own shares, taking advantage of a share price that we do not believe reflects the long-term value of our company. In our Marketplace platform, volume growth accelerated by one point in the U.S, while international growth decelerated three points, driven in part by the timing and impact of Korean Thanksgiving and slower export trade due to the stronger British pound in Europe. eBay was again one of the top holiday shopping destinations for consumers around the world and performance this quarter was driven by strong U.S. consumer spending and good execution on our key initiatives. Our new product rollouts, which leverage our structured data foundation got good initial traction in Q4. Over 150,000 customers a day used guaranteed delivery while searching on eBay in U.S. during the holiday season. Group listings which is the first-time buyers are seeing a product-based commerce experience on eBay, performed well and set the foundation for the next set of changes we'll make this year. And finally, we began to ramp eBay Authenticate where we're already seeing inventory scaling nicely and much higher conversion on like-for-like items. We continue to invest in brand advertising with a coordinated holiday activation across all of our key markets. Significantly changing consumer consideration is a long-term effort, and we plan to invest more heavily in our brand in 2018. Lastly, our first-party advertising revenue continues to pick up momentum. Nearly 160,000 sellers use promoted listings to advertise over 100 million items in the quarter, driving over 50% sequential revenue growth in Q4. The rapid growth of promoted listings is enabling us to shift away from non-strategic third-party advertising. Our StubHub platform had a good Q4 with a 13-point GMV growth acceleration, driven by a strong concert environment and good MLB playoff and college football performances. While we don't expect growth in 2018 to be at the same level as Q4 due to the ongoing ticketing landscape challenges we discussed last quarter, StubHub continues to be the world's favorite destination for fans looking to buy event tickets. And Classifieds continues to enjoy robust vibrancy and double-digit growth with Mobila and eBay Kleinanzeigen continuing to be standout performers. Now taking a step back and putting Q4 in the context of the past two and half years, we've made great progress against our key strategic priorities to drive the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform while sharpening the eBay brand. This strategy is enabling us to transform the eBay experience and accelerate the growth of our business. We significantly simplified and improved our customer experience and built equity in our brand. We built a strong foundation of structured data with the majority of our listings now tied to our product catalog and 14% of all traffic landing on catalog-enabled experiences and we've done this while accelerating growth in our core eBay platform by nearly three points. Looking to 2018, our strategy remains unchanged. We intend to raise the bar on our customer experience and again accelerate growth despite tougher comps. We'll focus on key areas of our user experience, including search, delivery and returns, customer service and payments, while continually planting the seeds of technology innovation. Let me share a few examples of our plans. We will take the next step in transforming our user experience, including on eBay search, by launching a full product-based commerce experience for relevant inventory. This experience will leverage our structured data catalog in a more holistic way than we've previously done. We'll do this while also focusing on our overall search experience using data and AI to improve our recall and relevance. We'll continue to shrink delivery times by expanding Guaranteed Delivery and work with our sellers to provide retail standard experiences for consumers. This will include enabling our vastly simplified returns process for buyers and sellers. Our technology innovation continues to focus on emerging platforms such as artificial intelligence, voice and image technology, virtual and augmented reality and distributed commerce. I've often said that eBay runs on AI, powering many aspects of our buying and selling experience. In 2018, we'll focus our AI capabilities on computer vision, personalization, search and dynamic pricing capabilities for our sellers. AR, VR and mixed reality are becoming viable platforms for development. As this tech becomes more consumer-friendly and accessible, eBay will take advantage of their unique capabilities, delivering immersive and engaging buying and selling experiences. And there is a step-change opportunity to remove friction from the user experience by allowing users to interact with eBay by simply typing a message or using their voice to engage a digital assistant. In 2018, we plan on taking the first step towards unifying conversational commerce with the core eBay shopping experience, providing seamless voice or text assistance when needed within our desktop and app platforms. 2018 will be a year of significant focus on customer service. In 2017, we on-shored a significant number of support roles, and that trend will continue this year, enabling us to provide top-tier life-support to a broader set of our customer base. And for customers looking for a fast self-service, we're rolling out brand-new AI-enabled mobile and desktop pages to address their service requests. And finally, we anticipate that our digital assistant will have the capability of directly handling certain service requests instantly and without human intervention. Finally, let me touch on our strategy and approach for payments on eBay. We've been looking closely at the customer payments experience and the economics under our existing PayPal relationship. After careful consideration, we believe that we can offer a more seamless experience while giving buyers and sellers more choice for payment and payout options. At the same time, we believe we can capture significantly better economics while reducing overall selling costs. Therefore, we have made the decision to intermediate payments on eBay. We have already begun building this capability and we'll move as quickly as we can under the terms of our operating agreement with PayPal. I'm excited to announce a deal with Adyen, a leading global payment processor to be our primary partner in this effort. We are looking forward to working with Adyen, who we believe are uniquely qualified to support us in this transition. The power payment processing for a number of the world's leading global marketplaces and bring to our partnership a broad global footprint with a flexible and scalable technology platform. We've also aligned on terms for a new commercial agreement with PayPal to include them as a way to pay at checkout under our intermediated payment model. PayPal has been a great partner for eBay and we look forward to a continued strong partnership with them going forward. We've built a world-class team to execute on this payment opportunity, including senior executives from companies such as PayPal, Alipay and Amazon Payments. In 2021, we expect to have transitioned a majority of our market Marketplace customers to our new payment experience. In summary, we've made good progress in 2017, delivering fundamental customer improvements while accelerating growth and improving the operating performance of the business. We enter 2018 with a healthier ecosystem and on a path for further acceleration this year. Looking forward to a year of significant progress to the benefit of our global community, of buyers and sellers, shareholders and employees. Now let me turn it over to Scott to provide more details on our quarterly financials and our 2018 guidance.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Devin. Let's begin with Q4 financials, starting on slide four of the earnings presentation. Please note that my commentary on our 2017 financial performance is based on revenue accounting standards in place as of 2017 year-end. In Q4, we delivered GMV of $24.4 billion, increasing 10% on an as-reported basis and 7% on an FX-neutral basis. We generated $2.6 billion of total revenue, $0.59 of non-GAAP EPS, $796 million in free cash flow, and we repurchased $920 million -- $922 million of our stock. Let's start with Q4 active buyers on slide five. In the quarter, trailing 12-month growth was 5% year-over-year, resulting in 170 million active buyers. Active buyer growth in our Marketplace platform decelerated slightly, offset by strength at StubHub. The extended Thanksgiving holiday in Korea was the primary driver of the Marketplace growth deceleration. On slide six, in Q4, we enabled $24.4 billion of GMV, up 7%. By geography, the U.S. generated $9.9 billion of GMV, up 8%, accelerating three points versus the prior quarter. International delivered 14.6 billion of GMV, up 6%, down three points versus the prior quarter. Moving to revenue. We generated net revenues of $2.6 billion, up 7% organically, consistent with the prior quarter. We delivered $2 billion of transaction revenue, up 7%, and $578 million of Marketing Services & Other revenue, up 6%. Transitioning to our Marketplace platform on slide eight. Q4 GMV grew 6%, with U.S. GMV accelerating by one point to 7%, and international GMV growing 6%, a three-point deceleration. International growth was impacted by the extended Korean Thanksgiving holiday, slowing U.K. export growth due to a stronger pound and softer consumer spending in Germany. Underlying these trends, we saw our B2C segment grow 6%, relatively constant with prior quarters. C2C grew 7% year-over-year, another quarter of good growth, aided by our ongoing efforts to simplify consumer selling and drive engagement. Total Marketplace revenue was $2.1 billion, up 6% year-over-year. Transaction revenue grew 7%, driven by volume growth and the impact of our Q2 pricing changes, partially offset by heavier promotional spend in the holiday season. Marketing Services & Other revenue grew 3%, decelerating three points versus Q3, as we continued to shift our advertising efforts away from nonstrategic third-party ad placements and towards our first-party promoted listings product. This will favor transaction revenue putting ongoing pressure on MS&O revenue growth. For the full year, the Marketplace platform generated $84 billion of GMV, growing 6%, a 1.5 points faster than 2016 and $7.6 billion in revenue, also up 6%, 2 points faster than the prior year. Moving to slide nine. StubHub GMV grew 15%, accelerating 13 points from Q3 due to a stronger-than-expected event landscape, led by concerts, a great World Series and strong college football matchups. StubHub revenue grew 10%, up 5 points versus Q3, driven by volume, offset by a lower take rate and seasonal incentives to take advantage of a strong market opportunity. In 2017, StubHub grew GMV 5% to $4.5 billion and delivered $1 billion in revenue, growing 9% year-over-year. Moving to slide 10, our Classifieds platform continues to innovate and serve more than 250 million monthly unique visitors. In Q4, Classified had another strong quarter, up 13% revenue growth. We continue to see good vertical performance and strength in advertising revenue. For the full year, Classifieds generated $897 million of revenue, up 12%. Turning to slide 11 and major cost drivers. In Q4, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 31%, which is down 100 basis points versus last year, 40 basis points of which was due to the impact of foreign exchange. Cost of revenue increased slightly year-over-year as a percentage of revenue, driven primarily by our first-party inventory program in Korea. Q4 sales and marketing expense was up 100 basis points versus the prior year, driven primarily by the increased investment in our ongoing brand campaign. Product development was down slightly year-over-year due to leverage, partially offset by increased investment in product. G&A expense was down 50 basis points as we delivered further operating leverage. For the year, operating margin was 29.5%, down 160 basis points. Foreign exchange impacted full year margin by 70 basis points, and the remaining impact was driven by our investments in Marketplace product and marketing initiatives and growth of our first-party inventory program in Korea. Turning to EPS on slide 12. In Q4, we delivered $0.59 in non-GAAP EPS, up 9%, driven by revenue growth, the net benefit of share repurchases and a lower tax rate, offset by the impact of foreign exchange. Moving to Q4 GAAP EPS. We had three significant financial impacts related to the passage of recent U.S. tax reforms. We are recording a $1.9 billion tax charge related to the repatriation of our foreign earnings. $1.4 billion of this amount will be paid over eight years, with the first two installments to be paid in 2018. The additional $0.5 billion represents foreign withholding taxes that will be paid upon repatriation of those earnings. This tax charge is largely offset by the reversal of our $1.8 billion deferred tax liability established primarily in 2014 in anticipation of repatriating foreign earnings. We also are recording a $3 billion deferred tax liability to address other areas of U.S. tax reform, primarily a global minimum tax that will now be applicable to our foreign earnings. This tax will impact our ongoing tax rate and cash taxes. We have recorded these amounts provisionally using reasonable estimates and the amounts may change in 2018. I will cover the impact of these changes on our go-forward tax rate in our 2018 guidance discussion. As a result of these charges in Q4, our GAAP EPS was negative $2.51, down $7.82 versus last year. The decrease in GAAP EPS was driven by the aforementioned tax impacts and the lapping of prior year non-cash GAAP income tax benefit of approximately $4.6 billion related to our legal entity restructuring at the time. As always, you can find the detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. On slide 13, in Q4, we generated $796 million of free cash flow. Full year free cash flow was $2.5 billion, above our guidance range due to the timing of certain cash tax payments and capital expenditures. Turning to slide 14, we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $11.3 billion, with $2.2 billion located in the U.S. In Q4, we repurchased 24.9 million shares at an average price of $36.99 per share, amounting to $922 million in total. This brings our repurchases for the year to $2.7 billion. Repurchases and separation are now $6.8 billion, which is approximately 19% of shares outstanding at an average price of $29.54. We ended the year with $1.7 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. In light of U.S. tax reform, I would like to review our capital allocation policy, which we continue to believe drive significant value for our customers, shareholders and employees. We aim to preserve financial flexibility in order to have the resources to execute our strategy and drive long-term value creation. We will continue to invest in attractive opportunities to drive organic growth while balancing profitability over the long-term even if those investments are dilutive in the near term. We will supplement our organic growth plans with disciplined acquisitions and investments to improve our competitiveness in a rapidly evolving environment. Our M&A strategy continues to center on our geographic footprint, vertical expansion and tech and talent acquisitions. We continue to optimize our financial flexibility, access to debt and cost of capital. We believe that our current rating of BBB+ maintains a practical flexibility and aim to maintain this rating as we continue to execute on our capital allocation plans. Finally, we are committed to providing meaningful returns for our shareholders, and we believe that current valuations, share repurchases continue to be the optimal vehicle for capital return. While we will always adjust to future events, we expect to accelerate our return of capital to shareholders to approximately $3.5 billion per year over the next two years in the form of share repurchases inclusive of dilution offset. Our Board has approved a new $6 billion share repurchase authorization to enable us to execute on this plan, and we have already returned $750 million in Q1 through an accelerated share repurchase. We will continually evaluate our capital allocation strategy as we move forward, ensuring that we drive optimal value on behalf of our shareholders. Before turning to guidance, I'd like to highlight some key topics relevant to our business in 2018. I want to spend a moment to discuss the impact of a new revenue standard which we will adopt beginning with our Q1 results. There are several impacts of the new standard on our financial reporting. The primary change relates to clearly defining who our customer is and realigning how we record incentive spend based on this definition. There is also an immaterial change in the timing of revenue recognition for certain fees on our Marketplace and StubHub platforms. Our sellers are the main source of our Marketplace revenue, certain incentives solely for our buyers such as coupons and rewards, will now be recorded as sales and marketing expense instead of contra revenue going forward. The impact of this change would've amounted to $363 million and $322 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively, and our 2017 operating margin would've been 28.4% under the new standard. Ultimately, this is simply a change in how we will present our financials, resulting in increased revenue, increased expenses and a lower operating margin with no impact to operating income. Please refer to the exhibit on our press release and our website financials for more details and our historical reconciliation of 2016 and 2017 under the new revenue standard to help our investors understand our 2018 business outlook and future growth comparisons. Now I'd like to talk about payments. As Devin discussed, we believe that there is a great opportunity to provide a better buyer experience to give our sellers more choices at better value and to capture better economics. This will be a multiyear effort, but we believe it is important to provide context today on the future economic opportunity. As a payment intermediator on the eBay Marketplace, we will be responsible for collecting funds from buyers and instructing our payment processor to disburse funds to sellers. Currently, this is done via our relationship with PayPal. In the new intermediation model, we will simplify our relationship with sellers and plan to charge them a single fee for our Marketplace and payment services. When doing so, we expect to recognize the payment fees as revenue via an increase in our take rate and record the cost of payment processing and other related fees. When we reach a steady state, with the majority of our volume transition to this intermediated model, we would expect annualized incremental revenue of more than $2 billion. This estimate includes an expectation that we will take steps to lower the cost of selling on eBay via a lower all-in take rate. Delivering on this revenue opportunity requires ongoing operational costs in areas such as product and technology, trust, risk, customer service and payment processing fees. Factoring in these costs, we believe the annualized incremental operating income could be $0.5 billion. While this isn't completely new business -- while this isn't a completely new business for us, given that we already act as a payment intermediary on other eBay platforms, it is important to keep in mind that this is a complex effort and may face delays along the way. However, we are moving quickly and are excited about the potential long-term benefits this creates for our ecosystem. We have already begun investing in our payment strategy, well ahead of recognizing any material new income streams. For 2018, we expect this investment to cost us between $0.03 and $0.05 in EPS, which is factored into our guidance, and the investment is likely to increase in 2019. As a reminder, our operating agreement with PayPal remains in place until mid-2020, and our ability to offset the expense related to this investment is limited until the expiration of the existing agreement. We look forward to working with Adyen as our new partner and with PayPal in a new capacity to deliver on this significant opportunity. Moving to full year guidance on slide 15. We are projecting 2018 revenue between $10.9 billion and $11.1 billion, growing 7% to 9% on an FX neutral basis and 10% to 12% on an as reported basis. The midpoint of our projected growth assumes another point of GMV acceleration in our Marketplace platform. As discussed by Devin, we will continue to drive new experiences on our platform of structured data, the most impactful of which are helping buyers find the best choice and most relevance through product-based experiences and improved search and helping our sellers drive velocity through improved tools and workflows. We expect to deliver modest full year acceleration in StubHub GMV with monetization levels on par with Q4. And Classified should continue to see stable double-digit growth. We expect operating margin of 27% to 29% for the year, which at the midpoint, is down 40 basis points from 2017, normalizing for the new accounting standard mentioned earlier. This includes our investment to build out payment intermediation and continued investments in our brand and platform, offset by leverage in functional areas. We expect non-GAAP effective tax rate in the range of 19% to 22%. We currently expect that U.S. tax reform will benefit our ongoing tax rate by approximately one point. This rate is positively impacted by the reduction of U.S. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, but that benefit is largely offset by the global minimum tax and other foreign taxes that can no longer be credited against our U.S. tax liability. Our guidance range is slightly wider than normal driven by uncertainty and how all elements of U.S. tax reform will impact us going forward. We are projecting non-GAAP EPS of $2.25 to $2. 30 per share, up 12% to 15% as reported versus last year. This includes the impact of continued top line growth, the ongoing benefit of our share repurchase program and a weaker U.S. dollar, partially offset by our investments in payment intermediation. We expect free cash flow of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. This is lower than 2017 due to approximately $300 million in cash taxes related to repatriation and assumes capital expenditures in the range of 6% to 8% of revenue. Full year GAAP EPS is projected to be $1.65 to $1.75 per share. GAAP EPS is impacted by the same drivers as non-GAAP EPS in addition to the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation and the amortization of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Turning to Q1 guidance on slide 16. For Q1, we are projecting revenue of between $2.57 billion and $2.61 billion, growing 7% to 9% per year. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.52 to $0.54 per share, representing 7% to 11% growth. EPS growth is driven primarily by revenue growth and the net benefit of our share repurchase program. We're expecting GAAP EPS in the range of $0.37 to $0.41 per share in Q1. In summary, 2017 was a year where we delivered on our commitments and saw our strategy translate into Marketplace acceleration of GMV and revenue growth. U.S. Marketplace GMV has accelerated from 1% to 7% over the past five quarters during a period of unprecedented competition, while our international Marketplace delivered another year of 7% GMV growth. Classifieds continued to grow at the double digits, and StubHub ended the year well. For the year, we delivered 6% EPS growth in the face of five points of foreign exchange headwinds in addition to our incremental investments. We have remained disciplined capital allocators, returning $2.7 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases in the last year alone and totaling $6.8 billion repurchased in separation. We executed several deals to further tech and talent expansion. And in Q3, we optimized our strategy in India by taking an ownership interest in Flipkart in exchange for our eBay India business and a $500 million cash investment. Heading into 2018, we will stay consistent in our strategy, continuing to improve our user experiences while delivering profitable growth and strong capital return to our shareholders. And now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Bieber of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Paul Bieber: Hello, thank you for taking my question. As you become the merchant of record, how much of the value will you pass along to sellers versus creating incremental revenue for eBay? And then secondly, what are some of the initiatives that give you confidence that growth can actually accelerate in 2018? Are you most pleased by SEO, the conversion rates impact on marketing? If you could just give some color along those lines, that will be very helpful. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Sure. First of all, on payments, I don't -- just a technical detail. We have not made the decision to become a merchant of record. There are many ways that we can become a payment intermediary. MLR is one of them. That's a decision yet to be made, and it may actually change depending on the geography in which we operate in. But vis--vis sellers, we're fairly confident that we can lower the overall selling cost on eBay. We have not yet made final decisions, and it will be a process that will take some time to publicize our pricing to sellers. But what I want sellers to hear is that, number one, we have their experience in mind, we want to give them flexibility, increased payout options, and we want to lower their costs. So that was very much front and center in our mind when we made this very consequential decision. On acceleration in '18, there are quite a few things. We've built a foundation of structured data that now has tentacles into almost everything we do. We have rolled out quite a significant number of new product experiences, like Guaranteed Delivery, Authentication and a product-based commerce experience, and we're going to scale those in 2018. So, when we see -- and part of the impact that these initiatives are making, when we see the trajectory that our business is on, we're confident that we can continue to deliver improvement in the business. I'll go back and say, over 2.5 years, 2.5 years ago, when we started this journey, we said that we were going to address the core customer pain points and issues directly and head on. We said it wasn't going to be easy. We said that you could expect steady improvement and a strong return of capital along the way. We've done exactly that. We've seen the customer experience improve. We've seen the foundation of the house being short up. We've seen acceleration in the growth of the business, and we've been aggressive in returning capital to shareholders. You can expect more of that in 2018.
Paul Bieber: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler of Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Great guys. Just a follow-up on payments. So, I guess can you just walk us through -- we understand the $0.03 to $0.05 impact on building out your own intermediation in '18, but the PayPal agreement, I think you can do 5% of GMV under this new approach in '18. What happened beyond '18? And it looks like you extended the agreement to 2023. So how do you -- how much do you expect to cut over in terms of GMV over the next, call it, five years? And does that $500 million of OI that you called out materialize kind of at the end of this time period or how long until that starts to materialize? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Yes, let me just be first, crystal clear, Ross. The operating agreement has not been extended and it will not be extended. This is a different agreement, which is a commercial agreement, which will run coterminous with the operating agreement and extend to three years beyond it. It is a different agreement which is a simple agreement to keep PayPal on as a form of payment in the eBay Marketplace. All the other terms of the operating agreement will end in June of 2020. Under that agreement, which is a public agreement that you've obviously read, we will move 5% in this year, we have the right to, and up to 10% in '19. And then as we said, in June of 2020, at some date beyond June of 2020, and we're not announcing a date today, we will move the majority of our customers. And it is currently anticipated that this will not be a kind of slow roll customer by customer. Beyond a certain date, which, over due course, we will announce, you will not be able to be on eBay selling or buying without this intermediated relationship with us. So, we do intend -- we will, or I think we have published a blog from our corporate site which gives more detail on the migration, the benefits to sellers, the timing of this migration, as much detail as we're prepared to give, we put out now, and it can be accessed by our community. But I do anticipate that this will be a small amount of GMV this year with significant costs, as you heard from Scott, more GMV next year, but still relatively small with even more significant costs. And then in 2020 or some date beyond that, we'll move the entire base over to this new model. Scott, I don't know if you want to add anything on the economics?
Scott Schenkel: No, I think that's well said. I don't if there's any follow-up question, Ross.
Ross Sandler: Yes, so just to be clear then. Once you move everything over, that's when that $500 million of OI savings -- of OI accretion starts to materialize or kind of halfway through 2020?
Scott Schenkel: That's right.
Ross Sandler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. One more on payments. Thanks for taking my question. I guess the first question is, why this route versus extending? Are you worried about maybe some disruption as you migrate sellers or some anticipation ahead of the migration date? Why did you choose this route? And then secondly, once you're done, I think your take rates are already quite a bit below Amazon, but they include payments over there. How do you think your take rates will compare to, say, industry averages or Amazon's third-party market? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, let me -- on the first part, let me just also say, this is not new to us. Today, we intermediate over 10 billion of volume on our Marketplace. So, we know how to do this and we already do, do it. And we have a very stark comparison inside our own business of what life is like in an intermediated model and then the existing model. First, PayPal is a great partner; this has nothing to do with PayPal's capability or the degree of our partnership. It has everything to do with a relentless focus on the customer experience. We are confident that we can deliver a materially better customer experience for buyers and sellers by moving to this model, and we've seen it in our own business in the parts of it where we already do this. On the take rate, as you heard from Scott, there are a lot of economics at stake here. We're going to move a lot of revenue, and we're pretty confident that we can lower the cost and we're pretty confident that the all-in costs will be below our competitors when all this is said and done.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. And maybe one follow-up, U.S. GMV really accelerated in the quarter. Do you think that's maybe one or two drivers there? Is that a leading indicator of maybe what you hope to achieve internationally? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Of course, it's what we hope to achieve internationally, and I -- we've said in prior quarters, the U. S. always gets a lot of our product innovation first. It often gets the most significant changes that we make earliest and strongest and then we adopt it for other markets. So of course, there are things that are coming to other markets at various paces. I would not get over our skis and say it's all going to go right in quickly. There are different issues in different markets, but we do anticipate something like Guaranteed Delivery coming to other markets. We do anticipate Authentication coming to other markets. We do anticipate a number of the really, what I said is, you can see it from space. You certainly can in the U.S. business. I'm not sure yet you can see it from space internationally. The hope is that you will as we go through 2018.
Justin Post: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark May of Citi. Your line is open.
Mark May: Thanks for taking my questions. And again, also focused on payments here. One is, if you're already intermediating 10 billion in GMV, I guess can you shed some light on, I think, your guidance range as an incremental of $30 million to $50 million in investment as you begin this ramp up? What exactly then do you need to invest in if you're already kind of doing this? And how material  how much does that get you towards where you need to be in terms of thinking about any additional investment, incremental investment beyond what you have to make this year? And then secondly, I think when you referred to the sort of fully transitioned benefits of 2 billion and 500 million, you're kind of referring to 2021, it sounds like that you could actually roll this out before the holiday season in 2020. So, am I right in thinking that you'll start to see some pretty nice benefit as early as the second half seasonally big part of your year in 2020?
Scott Schenkel: Mark, this is Scott, let me take those two. On the costs, the $0.03 to $0.05 as you called out and we called out for the year, I think right now, it's about building out the intermediation capability on -- and the associated customer, both seller and buyer flows, to make them a lot better, and there's a lot of background to that. The intermediated model that we spoke about, that kind of $1 billion on it, it's really not on the core eBay business. So, it's not like we're dragging and dropping code from 1 country in the eBay core business to another. This is building out the core eBay marketplace payment intermediation capability. And that's going to take product and technology. It's also going to start to require us to invest in areas like trust and risk, customer service, to be able to prepare ourselves to take on these volumes and do it in a compliant and safe way. To your second question, in terms of the scale, let me kind of lay out the $2 billion and the $0.5 billion in a little bit more detail just so we're clear. To your question, here's -- to start with, we're gated for the next 2.5 years at 5% and then 10%. And so how quickly we can then scale from there is going to be partially determined on our capabilities and partially determined on how quickly we can scale with our sellers and our buyers and role that globally. But our base assumption is that if you continue to grow the core marketplace platform that the new payment intermediation model applies to and you assume a migration schedule that scales rapidly after the operating agreement expires mid-2020, you start to talk about a pretty high penetration rate with intermediated model as you head into the latter part of 2020 and 2021. So, when I talk about a fully scaled kind of stable state, you start to talk about the latter part of 2020, 2021, even into 2022. And the $2 billion, to be clear, is then taking that new intermediated GMV, applying a take rate that will be discounted versus the existing PayPal rate and you quickly get to $2 billion or more of revenue. When we size the costs associated with that, both the 19 that we've already framed up -- sorry, the 18 that we already framed up as well as the 19 that we're thinking about, the first couple of years, there will be some burn associated with that. That's already incorporated into our guidance obviously for this year, but when you start to think about the associated cost, not only to get this up and running, but the ongoing cost that are going to be associated with Adyen and with PayPal on the new model, we start to look at about $0.5 billion at scale when we're scaled up for the future.
Mark May: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks. Devin, you mentioned 14% of traffic landing on catalog listings, where can we get that longer-term? If the underlying cadence behind that path to higher penetration inflecting, is it pretty consistent? And then maybe along similar lines, as you get structured data deeper into the consumer experience, do you -- what do you see in terms of conversion improvement? Is it accelerating? Is it pretty consistent? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, thanks. Let me first say that I'm not sure that this is going to end up being the right metric going forward in part because structured data is now touching so many different things in so many different ways that what we tried to do over the last year or actually more is try to just provide that as some leading indicator of structured data's progress. We're going to the degree to evaluate that because the truth is, is that 14% is a little bit misleading in the sense that you would imply that only 14% is the impact of structured data. That's not really true. In fact, structured data is making an impact in many more areas where it's not formerly a page and traffic as we define it, but yet, it's adding value in areas like the guidance that we give to sellers and a bunch of other areas. I would say even with that said, as we move to this sort of end-to-end experience that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're going to see the core experience move to product base much more significantly. I'd expect that you'll see whole categories move to the default being searches on eBay or product base, discovering on eBay as product base. And the reason that we have the confidence to that is, we do like what we see in terms of improvement and conversion rates. We mentioned in the past that at the edge of those gains are double digit, they continue to be. As we get to the core, we're beginning to see improvements and we believe that we can deliver conversion gains as we move this product experience from the edge to the center. And that's what gives us the confidence to move faster. So, we really like structured data in many ways as the foundation of everything we've done in this strategy over the last two and half years. It will continue to be. The 14% is a very narrow metric which we provided at the time to give investors clarity about our progress, but I don't think it accurately represents the overall impact that structured data is having and will have on the ecosystem as we go forward.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, the way I would phrase that, Brian, is, and we've talked about this with many of you this way, that  those percentages, whether it was on SEO traffic or SEM traffic or catalog penetration on structured data were inputs. And we're, increasingly, what Devin is saying in a different way is focused on outputs. And although is the GMV or B associated with transactions happening on eBay starting to see the benefits and are the experiences based on those structured data's capabilities.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, guys.
Devin Wenig: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Salmon: Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe, first, just on promoted listings, Devin, you mentioned the acceleration in the quarter, any color on drivers there, wider availability by country, by category, add a little pricing, combination of all other factors? And then just second, on your branding campaign, looked like it rolled out quite nicely in the latter parts of the year here with, if I may, sort of a theme around bringing a bit of a positive vibe back to the brand and a little bit of differentiation. Is there an opportunity there to get a little bit more tactical and educate all of those dormant potential users who may still think of eBay as its legacy as a C2C auction site which is clearly isn't anymore? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Thanks for both questions. On promoted listings, yeah, first of all, we're delighted. This is probably the fastest growing new business, for lack of a better term, launched in eBay in years. And as I said, 50% sequential revenue growth quarter-on-quarter, that is quite significant. Most of the driver has been surface area. We are increasing the surface area of availability to sellers. We're increasing the surface area of the exposure of promoted listing to buyers. So, a lot of it is just we have started to make sure we tested our way in, and now we're on a very steep part of the curve, we're opening the aperture so that more and more sellers can use it and they should and more and more buyers get exposure to those items and they are converting. So, we are very pleased that we are now in that flywheel, and the flywheel seems to be turning very well. On the brand, I think your supposition is right on. So, step one was, we now have a unified brand around the world. Arguably, the first time in eBay's history. The brand was very fragmented, very different depending on the country you would show up in or the region. We have a unified brand expression now everywhere in the world, and we're managing it as one of the most important assets of our business with very -- very much with rigor and care. Step one on the messages we're delivering is vibrancy and getting a bit of the fun back to eBay and getting differentiated of eBay, but you can expect as this rolls forward for us to punch harder on functional messages. We don't want it to be dry, but we do want to educate people about what we do today. And what we do today is not all long-term, longtail items, it's not all options. In fact, that's a distinct minority. So, you'll see the overall brand expression remains constant, but the message has evolved. And the message evolution will punch much harder on how our -- what do you do today and why eBay. I keep asking the question of the brand, why eBay? We will answer that question definitively on selection, value, convenience where we believe we actually have a phenomenal customer proposition, just not enough people know about it.
Scott Schenkel: Hey, Dan, I would supplement Devin's remark on promoted listings two points. First, when Devin talks about surface area, the other thing worth mentioning is that we also started offering these on mobile. And so, it's been out there a little bit, but it's started to scale. And so, we started to really increase the surface area, to Devin's point. The other way to think about it, I alluded to this in my script, but the shift in our strategy has really put pressure on MS&O revenue growth, and the growth would've been for MS&O, in the mid-teens if promoted listings were actually part of MS&O. The reason we don't obviously put in, in MS&O is because it's more closely related to a transaction take rate model. But that aside, it just gives you -- starts to give you an idea of how this is starting to scale for us.
Dan Salmon: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry: Hi, thanks. Devin, maybe to step back a little bit from all the talk around payments, the acceleration that we saw particularly in StubHub, but also in the U.S. GMV business, can you help breakdown for us a little bit of what drove that this quarter? And sort of how, particularly as it relates to the technology and marketing investments that you've been making around the core product, and then how you expect those benefits in Q4 to sort of flow through into the current quarter year?
Devin Wenig: Yes, I'd separate -- thanks, Heath. I'd separate eBay from StubHub for a second. So, let's talk about eBay first. I'm very confident that it's hard to parse out every change and every bit of improvement by everything we've done, but I'm very confident that the mix of significant product changes and brand and the mix of everything we've talked about for 2.5 years in our strategy has directly impacted the U.S. business. Why do I feel that? I feel that because, yes, the external market has gotten better, but keep in mind we're now on five consecutive quarters of acceleration in the face of unprecedented competition. This is our most competitive market in the world, and actually it's the business that's getting the best the fastest. And we entered this holiday and we said we're going to compete and win. And I feel like we showed up really well this holiday, and we were one of the top shopping destinations again this holiday in the world. So, I do feel really positive about the U.S. business. It doesn't mean it's going to continue linearly to accelerate, but we've made a lot of changes to this business. And with all the noise about competition, eBay is still bigger and more relevant than just about all of them combined. So, I feel great about that. With StubHub, I'd say it's slightly different. StubHub definitely benefited from the landscape. There are things that they did that improved ecosystem for sure, but as we said in the remarks, I still think there's more work to do at StubHub. So, I wouldn't get over our SKUs and assume, wow, great quarter and now we can just plug that in. I think we've always said, StubHub has a high beta based on what happens out in the world. It happens to be that the fourth quarter broke really well and we had a really good World Series, we had a really good baseball playoffs, we had really good college football. I don't  that's not a strategy, counting on things not within our control. So, we have more work to do at StubHub. As you heard from Scott, they'll grow faster, we hope, than last year, but I wouldn't plug quarter four in as a linear across 2018. We still have work to do.
Selim Freiha: Operator, maybe one more question.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Sena of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Ken Sena: Thank you very much. In transferring users to your own payment platform, what will be required by the user to affect the change, would you say? And in terms of that $10 billion intermediated number, that's all transactions on the platform ex PayPal. Is that correct? And then also, just maybe, how do we think about maybe the payment effort in the context of eBay's broader partnership efforts? So, in other words, would offering a lower price transactional solution allow this newer effort to maybe move off eBay, maybe in the way that Amazon and Google have attempted? And again, is there  as we think about what users have to do, is there any risk that there's a possible sort of deactivation there? And that's about it. Thanks.
Devin Wenig: First of all, with users, I direct you to this blog that we put out alongside the earnings release. It contains more detail. I would say that the overall relationship does not need to change. Sellers will need to give us a little bit of extra data. We'll likely give them the ability to start giving us that data well in advance of when we actually move to an intermediated model. And again, I direct you to that because all of the detail that we're ready to put out is in there at this point. We're not going to point out anything more than that but I think you will find it to be quite comprehensive. On the $10 billion, I think the question was is that, those are  as Scott said, it's off platform, none PayPal GMV, so that's correct. And finally, off eBay, that's not our intention. Just to be clear, we're not building a Payments business to go compete with Apple Pay, we're not competing with PayPal, we're not rebuilding PayPal. We're building an intermediated payment service for the benefit of eBay customers on the eBay Marketplace, that's what we're doing.
Ken Sena: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the Q&A portion of our call and the conference itself. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - Vice President, Investor Relations Devin Wenig - President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs  Daniel Salmon - BMO Capital Markets Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Mark May - Citigroup Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Eric Sheridan - UBS Ross Sandler - Barclays Kenneth Sena - Wells Fargo Securities Ronald Josey - JMP Securities Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for your patience. You've joined the eBay Q3 2017 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, the VP of Investor Relations, Mr. Selim Freiha. Sir, you may begin.
Selim Freiha: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2017. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they indicate otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our investor relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that, during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecast and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the future performance of eBay, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including expected financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2017 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our more most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the company's investor relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 18, 2017 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig : Selim, thank you. And good afternoon, everyone. In Q3, we drove acceleration across all three of our platforms in the US and internationally, delivering strong top and bottom line financial results. Our rapid product innovation cycle continues and our customers are responding to the changes we're making. As one of the world's top e-commerce destinations, we delivered nearly $22 billion of volume this quarter and our growth was the fastest it's been in over three years. Overall, total GMV was up 7% for the quarter, while revenue was up 8%. And active buyer growth was stable at 5% as we added nearly 2 million buyers to our platforms in the third quarter and over 6 million buyers so far this year. GMV on our marketplace platform grew 7%, a 1-point acceleration driven by strength across multiple geographies. Our Classified platform grew revenue 13% and StubHub volume was up 2%. Finally, we returned over $900 million to our shareholders in the form of stock repurchases. Now, let me take a moment to share some of our recent progress and where we are in our journey to transform eBay. We're pleased that the business is responding well to our efforts so far and that we've achieved a new level of growth. However, there's still a lot of work ahead of us and we recognize that making significant product changes can have a big impact on our ecosystem. We've been moving as fast as possible, while also ensuring we don't create disruption. We don't expect growth to always be linear as we continue to favor decisions to drive long-term success even when that pressure short-term results. We continue to focus on attracting and retaining sellers and brands that bring differentiated inventory to eBay, helping drive selection and value for our consumers. In Q3, growth in the global number of eBay business sellers accelerated for a third straight quarter and we're welcoming new brands to eBay at an accelerating pace as these brands look to our platform to help them adapt to a changing retail environment.  Additionally, we're off to a great start with our recently announced partnership with Spring, a high-end fashion marketplace, enabling hundreds of new fashion brands to leverage the power of our platform. Finally, we expanded our price match guarantee program to our key international markets, ensuring our consumers always have access to the best deals at the best prices.  We're leveraging our product catalog and AI across many of our product enhancements to simplify and modernize the eBay experience. As I've said before, AI is powering the future of commerce and we've made significant progress over the past several years to position eBay as an AI-driven commerce platform. We're now activating AI at scale through our personalization efforts, our image search technology, our customer support effort and, of course, through structured data among numerous other areas. In Q3, we began testing a new way of searching on eBay that we call group listings. For the first time in our history, users are able to organize their search results by product instead of by listing at the click of a button. The full rollout of this feature began last week. Visual search and Find It On eBay both enable users to leverage their mobile device to search by an image. And we're about to launch eBay guarantee delivery, enabling easier access to over 20 million items in the US that will arrive in three business days or less and with options to filter search results for two and one-day shipping speed. As we launch and scale new experiences built on a foundation of structured data, the share of traffic landing on structured data enabled pages is increasing, exiting Q3 at 12%. And we continue to see strong conversion gains in our SEO channel with conversion now also showing gains in our paid traffic channel. We're driving improvements to deliver the most powerful selling platform. We're enabling more sellers to leverage promoted listings to drive traffic to those listings. As of the end of Q3, we now have over 50 million live promoted listings and 100,000 sellers using the product, resulting in 45% revenue growth sequentially. And for our C2C sellers, we're significantly simplifying the selling experience, leveraging structured data and AI to enable them to choose the item they're selling from our product catalog and then use our price format and shipping recommendations. This and other improvements are helping drive strong acceleration in C2C growth. Finally, we continue to tell the new eBay story more broadly via brand marketing. In Q3, we rolled out the new brand platform and campaigns in the UK and Australia and we just launched Germany last week. And in Q4, we'll launch new holiday-oriented campaigns across all of our major markets. The eBay brand remains strong, again, being recognized on the Interbrand list of top global brands at number 34. We're making good early progress to further strengthen that brand, but it's also important to keep in mind that meaningful changes in consideration and perception take place over the course of years, and not quarters. Our Classified platform has had another quarter of accelerating revenue growth, with strength across our portfolio of assets. We saw a good performance across multiple geographies, particularly in Germany, with Mobila and eBay Kleinanzeigen. Finally, StubHub growth improved from last quarter, driven by strong growth in theater and early-season strength in the NHL. We do expect continued pressure on growth through the rest of this year, which will continue to weigh on overall eBay and growth rates. In summary, we continue to pursue a focused strategy to drive growth. And we're pleased to see acceleration across the board in Q3. We're improving the customer experience through rapid product innovation, while sharpening the eBay brand. We intend to be a meaningful part of consumer consideration in the upcoming holiday season and we look forward to continuing our journey of repositioning eBay for long-term success as we enter 2018. Now, let me turn it over to Scott to give you more details on Q3, Q4 guidance and some initial thoughts on 2018.
Scott Schenkel : Thanks, Devin. Let's begin with Q3 performance, starting on slide four of the earnings presentation. In Q3, we generated $2.4 billion of total revenue, $0.48 of non-GAAP EPS and $720 million of free cash flow, while repurchasing $907 million of our stock. Moving to active buyers, in the quarter, we increased our total active buyer base to 168 million, while trailing 12-month growth was stable at 5%, driven by modest marketplace buyer growth acceleration, offset by StubHub. As a reminder, with the close of our investment in Flipkart, we are no longer reporting approximately 4 million domestic active buyers in India. Underlying marketplace buyer growth, our retention rates improved year-over-year. And while we benefited from good trends in new buyer acquisition from SEO, we have not yet seen material improvements in our organic channel. New buyer acquisition continues to be a key area of focus for us as we roll out new product experiences and market the eBay brand. On slide six, in Q3, we enabled $21.7 billion of total GMV, up 7% year-over-year, accelerating two points versus the prior quarter. By geography, the US generated $8.8 billion of GMV, up 5%, while international delivered $12.9 billion of GMV, up 9% year-over-year. GMV outpaced sold item growth this quarter due to a mix of higher ASP products and strong C2C growth acceleration, which has a higher average ASP. Moving to revenue, we generated total net revenues of just over $2.4 billion, up 8% on an FX-neutral basis and up 7% organically. We delivered $1.9 billion of transaction revenue, up 7%, and $530 million of MS&O revenue, up 9%. Turning to slide eight, our marketplace platform GMV grew 7% in Q3, a 1-point acceleration versus the prior quarter. US GMV accelerated 1-point quarter-over-quarter to 6% and international GMV grew at 9%, a 3-point acceleration versus the prior quarter, driven primarily by the strength in Europe. Underlying those trends, our B2C growth rate improved 1 point to 7% year-over-year. C2C growth was 9%, accelerating 6 points as we've seen the benefits of a simplified listing experienced and use promotional pricing to attract more consumer sellers and inventory to the eBay platform. Total marketplaces revenue was $1.9 billion, up 7% year-over-year. Transaction revenue grew 8% and accelerated 1 point versus Q2, driven by volume and the impact of our Q2 pricing changes, partially offset by incentives to activate C2C sellers. Marketing services and other revenue grew 6%, an acceleration of 2 points versus the prior quarter. Moving to slide nine, total StubHub GMV grew 2% year-over-year, accelerating 7 points from Q2, with international GMV growing at over 60%. Revenue grew 5%, in line with the prior quarter. For North America, while we saw good improvement and good performance in theater and boxing events, overall growth was below our expectations, as Devin mentioned, and will likely continue to be under pressure through Q4. Moving to slide 10, in Q3, Classifieds grew revenue 13%, a 2-point acceleration versus Q2, mainly driven by our mobile.de motors platform in Germany. Looking forward, we expect traffic, engagement and mobile app monetization to drive classifieds revenue growth in the low to mid-teens. Turning to slide 11 and major cost drivers, in Q3, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 29.6%, roughly flat versus last year. Cost of revenue increased year-over-year, driven primarily by our first-party inventory program in Korea. Q3 sales and marketing expenses decreased as a percent of revenue as we continue to drive productivity and marketing investments versus the prior-year. Absolute dollars were flat sequentially as we continued to invest in marketplace brand advertising, expanding our campaigns from the US to the UK and Australia. Product development costs were flat as a percentage of revenue as we drive operating leverage, while increasing the pace of innovation and product enhancements. G&A expense was roughly flat, with a slight year-over-year increase, driven primarily by data and information security investments. Turning to EPS, on slide 12. In Q3, we delivered $0.48 of non-GAAP EPS, up 7% versus prior-year. EPS growth was driven by topline growth and the net benefit of share repurchases, partially offset by a reduction in foreign-exchange hedging gains versus last year. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.48, up $0.12 versus last year. This includes $167 million gain on the sale of our eBay India business, which was completed in July as part of our Flipkart investment. Stock-based compensation for the quarter including related taxes was $119 million, up 12% on a year-over-year basis, as we continue to utilize equity programs to compete for talent in a highly competitive market. While our non-GAAP financial results exclude stock-based compensation, we take a considered approach to granting stock. And per our capital allocation strategy, we are committed to programmatically offsetting this dilution via stock repurchases. Amortization of intangibles was $16 million, up $1 million versus the prior year. As always, you can find the detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. On slide 13, in Q3, we generated $720 million of free cash flow, which was up 17% on a year-over-year basis, primarily driven by the timing differences of cash tax payments and capital expenditures. CapEx was 7% of revenue in Q3 and we continue to expect to be in the range of 7% to 9% of revenue for the year. Turning to slide 14, we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investment of $11.4 billion, of which $2.8 billion is in the US. As you recall, in Q2, we added $2.5 billion of debt, which we said we would utilize for refinancing and general corporate purposes. And during Q3, $1.45 billion of debt matured and was repaid. In addition, we completed our $500 million cash investment into Flipkart. Additionally, we repurchased 25 million shares at an average price of $36.14 a share, amounting to $907 million in total. We ended the quarter with $2.6 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Through the first three quarters of the year, we have returned nearly $1.8 billion of capital via share repurchases. This represents approximately 80% of free cash flow based on the midpoint of our full-year guidance range. We will continue to be opportunistic through the remainder of this year. These actions all demonstrate how our capital allocation strategy is working to optimize our financial flexibility, access to debt and our cost of capital to enable capital return and drive long-term shareholder value. Turning to our Q4 guidance on slide 15, we are projecting revenue between $2.58 billion and $2.62 billion, representing FX-neutral growth of 6% to 8% year-over-year. Our guidance assumes further improvements in marketplaces volume and revenue growth, offset by the timing and length of the Korean Thanksgiving holiday and the aforementioned StubHub headwinds. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.57 to $0.59 per share, representing year-over-year growth of 6% to 10% on an as-reported basis. EPS growth will be driven by revenue growth and the net benefit of our share repurchase program, offset by continued investments to drive improved user experiences and to market our brand. We expect the impact of foreign exchange on EPS to be approximately 6 points of growth on a year-over-year basis as we lapse significant hedge gains from last year. For Q4, we expect GAAP EPS in the range of $0.40 to $0.45 per share.  For the full year, we now expect revenue in the range of $9.53 billion to $9.57 billion, representing organic FX-neutral revenue growth of approximately 7%. We expect non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30%, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.99 to $2.01 per share and free cash flow $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. We are updating our full-year GAAP EPS guidance to $1.85 to $1.90 per share, reflecting the impact of the previously mentioned gain on the sale of eBay India business in Q3. As we approach 2018, I want to spend a moment to discuss the impact of the new revenue standard ASC Topic 606, which we plan to adopt in Q1. We believe that, under ASC 606, we have certain incentives that could be recognized as sales and marketing expense, which are currently recorded as contra revenue under current guidance. This change has no economic impact, but is simply a change in how we present our financials, resulting in increased revenue, increased expense and lower operating margin with no impact to operating income. The magnitude of this change for fiscal year 2016 is approximately $330 million and we're in the process of quantifying the amount for fiscal year 2017. Additionally, we are currently evaluating other revenue recognition changes under ASC 606 guidelines, although we are still quantifying the potential impact from these changes.  We expect to guide 2018 under the new standard and we will provide a historical reconciliation of changes for 2016 and 2017 at that time. In summary, we're pleased with the acceleration we've seen in Q3 across our platforms. The business is responding well to the changes we're making and GMV is growing at the fastest rate in over three years. We look forward to updating you on our progress after the holiday season. Now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great, thank you for taking my question. I guess my biggest question is, as you look at the structured data impact and what you've seen so far, you mentioned earlier that you're starting to see a benefit on the organic traffic. And I just wonder if you can get into more detail on what you're seeing there and kind of your outlook for next year as you roll that out. And, I guess, second question is, it looks like it's potentially having a bigger impact internationally than the US. Maybe just talk about the geographic differences. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Thanks. On the first part, I think what I mentioned in my remarks was conversion. We have mentioned for two consecutive quarters that we've seen significant gains in SEO, but hadn't yet seen gains in other channels. And what I mentioned is that, in our paid traffic channel, we're now starting to see gains as well. And as I said, this will be a process of iterating, so that eventually will get gains across all of our channels. As we look forward to 2018, I just think the surface area of what we are doing will expand and that's part  has always been part of our playbook that will keep iterating product experiences, expanding the footprint of structured data and, hopefully, continue to see conversion gains as we go deeper and deeper into our experiences. On the second part, on the international side, I think there are two things going on. The first is remember that we've now seen four sequential quarters of improvement in the US business. In the last two quarters, we hadn't seen international. And we said that we would begin rolling this out and we'd see some catch-up. So, we saw some catchup in international. But, equally, we saw some timing difference. So, 3 points is quite significant, but there was a timing difference in the Korean Thanksgiving, which slightly flattered Q3 and will suppress Q4 because it's not the same holiday. Korea declared a longer holiday this year than ever before. So, we've got quite a bit in Q4 to work our way out of, and that's factored into our guidance.
Scott Schenkel: Hey, Justin. I would add to Devin's remarks and key off the structured data pieces that he said and also emphasize that, in Europe, I think we saw a larger increase in the C2C business that drove a lot of that.  So, I would attribute  totally echo what Devin said and attribute a bit more of the improvements that we noted in C2C to the benefits that we saw, particularly in Europe. 
Justin Post: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Heath Terry: Great, thanks. Devin, in the past, you've talked about getting conversion rates on the site up to the point that you felt like you could invest more in marketing to drive accelerated growth. We, obviously, saw the increase in marketing spend this quarter that you called out. Does that suggest that you've gotten the conversion rates that you're looking for to the fuel that and how much further do you think you can push that with additional marketing dollars?
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Heath. I think what I said is that we want to make sure the product was where we wanted. And, I guess, one way to look at that is conversion gains. Before we began brand marketing in particular  because what I didn't want to do is confuse people, bring them to an experience that hadn't changed or that was changing rapidly. We're not done by any means, but we're pretty pleased with where we've gotten to on the product. I think my anecdote a couple quarters ago was that, by this holiday, you'll be able to see it from space and you will. When you look at authentication and group listings, guaranteed delivery, image search, we've made a lot of product changes, many of them anchored in structured data. And keep in mind that, when we say the 12% of traffic, that, in many ways, is the strictest definition of the impact of structured data. Those are pages built right on top of it that it lands on. It wouldn't factor in to things like price recommendations for our sellers. So, we're really pretty pleased with where the offering is. We're seeing gains in conversion. It's one way of looking at that in a quantitative sense. And because of that, we've begun to ramp brand marketing and we'll do that again this holiday. You'll see brand marketing on in all of our major markets. And we want to bring more people  more new people now to our experience because we think we've got a very compelling offer of a differentiated product experience and differentiated inventory. So, I really think that we're in one of the strongest competitive positions that we've been in in a very long time. And because of that, we will keep marketing.
Heath Terry: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Salmon of BMO Capital Markets. Your question please.
Daniel Salmon: Good afternoon, everyone. Devin, could you speak a little bit more about promoted listings. Sounds like that was a nice contributor this quarter and it seems very early days still and opportunities to firstly to rollout to more countries, more sellers. I would be interested in any thoughts on that. And then second, on ad load, not just in certain total number of ad units available, but optimization. I think you've kept those type of listings a little further down in results to the fourth or fifth slot. Curious how you think about potentially moving them up over time. Thanks.
Devin Wenig: As I've said before, I think this is a really significant opportunity for us and we are in the early phases of it. So, the growth is rapid, as I mentioned in my remarks, but it's still small. And let me just set the scene by reminding you that the reason it's not a dramatic contributor to our results at this point is that we are operating off a small base and we're taking a number of the third-party ads that we've had on our site off as we ramp our first-party advertising revenue, which we've said that we were going to do. We think that's much healthier for the ecosystem. So, you look at MS&O revenue, it's not moving an awful lot at this point, but that's because this is part of our plan, which is to ramp 1P ads as we take them 3P ads. And we'll keep doing that for a period of time. I do think that, when we look across where we go next, we've just begun with the surface area of promoted listings. That's both on the seller and the buyer side. So, we have 100,000 sellers using it, which is great, but we've got 20 million plus sellers. So, we actually think it's a product that is relevant to significantly more on the seller side and we'll open it up to new classes of sellers. It's not fully opened up to all sellers yet. So, we'll open it up to new classes of sellers as we roll this forward. To your question about the buyer side and the view side, look, I think the ultimate vision of this is not that there are fixed slots, but that AI is placing those ads wherever they should. In other words, wherever there's a conversion gain to be made, that might be all eight slots on the SRP, the search result page, or it might be none, depending on the user and the query. This is a scale problem for machines. This is a machine-learning problem at scale. And I think what you'll see in 2018 is that we'll move off this idea of fixed landing slots and we'll move to machines placing those first-party ads dynamically based on where they should, so that we're best monetizing every pixel on our mobile devices and our desktops. 
Daniel Salmon: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the question. First, I just wanted to circle back on the 4Q outlook. I was hoping you could just explain a little bit more of what's happening just given the 8% FX-neutral revenue growth that you just did and the outlook for 4Q. I know pointed to Korea and StubHub. Is there anything else to bring up there? Devin, I think you made the comment that growth won't always be linear and you'll make some changes at times that could pressure short-term results. Is there something more that you're thinking about there in 4Q? thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Dough, this is Scott. I would point to the conversation we just had around first-party listings. Clearly, those are things that, as we roll first-party listings and change our ad strategy, pressure near-term results. And to the best of our capabilities, we've factored those into your guidance as we look forward. Specific to your first question, the FX-neutral revenue guidance of 6% to 8%, I called out three things. I'll put a little bit more context than I did in my prepared remarks. The core business excluding Korea, so marketplaces, GMV excluding Korea, we expect, in Q4, to accelerate, right? However, with the extended vacation or holiday that was declared in Korea, that was nearly ten days in total of lapping quarter-over-quarter  year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter that we have to face into and that's going to provide some degree of headwind as we head into Q4 as well as the pressure from StubHub. All else equal, StubHub is below our expectations as we called out. And so, that will pressure growth as we head into Q4 as well. Those are the underlying dynamics. So, goodness in marketplaces, a little bit of pressure elsewhere. And I think, overall, in the story, well within the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Thanks, Scott.
Scott Schenkel: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark May of Citi. Your line is open. 
Mark May: Thanks. There was a question earlier that kind of touched on your marketing strategy, especially as the product continues to improve. But I think actually, the last two quarters, you've shown some pretty nice leverage overall in sales and marketing. I guess, the question is, how sustainable is that going forward, not just in Q4, but maybe looking out into next year and how we should be thinking about that? And in this year, your marketplace take rate is up. I think part of that is the changes in the advertising. Can you talk about  as we start to hit up against more difficult comps there next year, how we should be thinking about it? I guess, the question would be around how early are we in the advertising cycle there and can we  should we continue to expect marketplace take rates, especially in the US, to continue to rise? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. First, on the marketing sustainability, I think we've been pretty clear that, over time, we expect that the brand that we'll invest into the marketplaces platform will likely add to the marketing line item, right? So, we expect that to, over time, to modestly increase. What we've been able to do this year, as you point out, is actually offset that with some productivity between marketing that we're spending on our other platforms as well as marketing reallocation within the marketplaces business. I'd go back to the marketing point that Devin made earlier, we're actually at this point at 85% of search engine marketing, SEM marketing, being powered by our structured data initiatives and we're nice conversion as a basis of that on those pages. And so, as those get better, we're able to reallocate those costs or that spend into the brand campaign. And, net-net, for the company, still shows some modest leverage. But what we've called out, though, is we're going to spend into the marketing line item and try and pay for that with productivity in other line items as we go forward. On the take rates, I'll just call out. If we look at marketplaces transaction take rate, it's relatively flat this quarter with some underlying dynamics changing in there. First off, as you called out, the price increase did put upward pressure on that, but we also have a fair amount of C2C incentivization that we did that I called out in my prepared remarks. A fair amount of that was in Europe that helped drive that growth. And that's what we're really looking at, not only in the marketing expense, but the take rate to be able to invest to drive growth on a profitable basis as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Bieber of Credit Suisse line. Your line is open.
Paul Bieber: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. One of your larger competitors is becoming more competitive in the fashion and auto parts categories, which have historically been very strong categories for eBay. I was hoping you could characterize the health of those categories and just some of the initiatives that you're doing in those specific categories to cement your competitive mode.
Devin Wenig: I'd say a couple of things. So, first of all, if I just look at competition overall, we get the competition question about a thousand times, as you'd imagine. And I just open the aperture a little and look at the last year, 18 months and say it hasn't gotten less competitive, yet we've steadily improved the performance of this business. Our growth rate keeps marching up as we get a thousand questions about competition. That doesn't mean we take it lightly, but it does mean we're building a differentiated eBay that is accelerating growth in the face of a very competitive market. With respect to your specific question on categories, we normally don't dive into categories, but what I would say is we've had aggressive plans on for quite a while in both parts and fashion, including what I mentioned our Spring partnership, but so many other things to bring on new brands in parts and in fashion. And if I look back on Q3, we saw acceleration in both parts and in fashion, in both categories. So, I don't take competition for granted one bit. But the things that we're doing are about building our own company our own way, differentiated and having a meaningful share of global total retail and we're doing that.
Paul Bieber: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan of UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much. Maybe two if I can. One, on users, I wanted to know, as we look back over the user group you've been compounding over the last four to six quarters, maybe a little bit of color on the geolocation of the users, how they're spending, what categories are key for those users to onboard on to the platform. So, a little color of who the users are and what's driving the growth. And then second, on StubHub, would you call it the headwinds on StubHub, is that a specific category such as the NFL or is there any color you can give us on whether the headwinds are GMV related or take rate related. Thanks so much.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, I'll take the active buyer one. If you look at active buyers, first off, as we called out, the 5% growth was stable, but it's  underlying that, the dynamics are really  the marketplace business modestly accelerated in the quarter. And, remember, this is a 12-month metric, a rolling 12-month metric. And underlying that, what we see is some improved retention rates versus last year as our new experiences roll into the ecosystem on a larger and larger basis. Devin talked about that. Also, when we talk about rolling out our SEO product based experiences as well as those impacting SEM, we're starting to see some new buyer acquisition. As people first search on search engines, we're able to attract them in a more meaningful way. And then, offsetting those is the deceleration we had in StubHub. But as we look at the improvements that we've been talking about, I think they're making some modest progress for marketplaces and we'll keep updating as we go forward.  Devin, you want to talk about StubHub.
Devin Wenig: Yeah. On StubHub, look, I think there are two things going on. One, we've mentioned before, which is we've got a very tough events-lapping landscape. StubHub is totally dependent on things that are out of its control, which are the lineup of concerts, teams, events. And Q3 last year was  actually, the second half last year was historically good and it's not quite breaking that way this year. So, that's just a factor of  it is what it is given the event landscape. However, I also want to point out that the ticket landscape is changing and we need to position StubHub for an evolving ticket landscape. One thing I'd mention is, in certain areas, we have competitors that are looking to restrict markets, restrict ticket access to supply, and we think that's terrible for fans. We've always been an advocate of open markets. We'll keep fighting for open markets. There will be more to say about that in due course. But it's, in part, the event landscape lapping and, in part, us positioning StubHub to be a winner and it's an amazing business and we still believe it's an amazing business in an evolving ticket landscape.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Great. I've got two questions. The first, a follow up on the active buyer comment and then one on operating margins. So, can you just talk about the current quarter active buyer growth and how that compares to the last couple of quarters? And maybe any color around  is the SEO and SEM channel growing the same, faster than prior quarters? And then, on operating margins, you came in pretty flattish in 3Q year-over-year. You've guided to fairly consistent, flattish for 4Q. normalized the accounting changes for next year, do you feel like we're at a stable operating margin looking forward to that actually be some improvement as you lap the Korea COGs impact that started earlier this year? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. A couple of things. On the trailing three, I think I would just say that the underlying dynamics that I laid out aren't that different or that significantly different, which is retention getting modestly better, SEO is getting better on the back of structured data and StubHub pressurizing. I don't really see a massive shift in the underlying trailing three that I would call out. On the margin profile, as you rightly called out, the margin was sort of flat year-over-year. There was some foreign-exchange pressure, roughly 50 basis points, that we offset with productivity to hold margin flat. And so, we feel good about that. And as you called out, Q4 is kind of more the same. As we look to next year, certainly, the margin dynamics, it's a bit too early to call out. Specific to the accounting changes, ASC 606, as I mentioned, I don't  the dynamics of moving some number  2016 was $330 million  into revenue, into expenses is going to change the operating margin calculation, although the underlying operating income and underlying economics don't change. And as we finalize the other accounting changes that may change over the course of this quarter, we'll update you on that in 2018 and then give you an outlook for the margin rates as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Sena of Wells Fargo Securities. Your question please.
Kenneth Sena: Thank you. Can you maybe just talk a little bit more about the drivers in terms of the gap up in your C2C versus the B2C in terms of the growth rate there. Maybe any pockets of strength that you're noticing as you look at GMV growth geographically? And then, just maybe one final, if you would, the Korea, 1P program, based on your learnings there, can you say anything about appetite to maybe expand a program similar to other categories or other geographies? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: So, Ken, I'll take  let me take B2C and C2C. First off, as we called out, C2C at 9% is a nice acceleration, six points quarter-over-quarter. There's a couple of things  a few things actually that changed. First off, we've launched a simplified listing flow that leverages our catalog, particularly in mobile. And we're starting to roll that to a large amount of users across multiple markets. I talked about the incentives as it relates to take rates, but, obviously, incentives work for consumers and we did that particularly in Europe. And we continue to expand our price guarantee, our recommendations, which allows the sellers to update their item price with one click. And the results on those have been positive. And so, we feel like there's been some very specific product and pricing changes that we've done that has influenced the C2C business upwards. GMV strength, I think we've called out. And I would call out the UK and Korea internationally, and particularly Europe on a quarter-over-quarter. And in terms of Korea first party, Korea, we talked about this a little bit last quarter. But Korea is a little bit of a different animal. It's almost primarily new in season. It's all B2C to speak of. And we've been experimenting, expanding the program where we offer select consumables that drive activity with our buyer base and it also is able to new recruit new active buyers in Korea that we've continued to call out. And so, as that continues, we don't have any plans currently to roll that out anywhere else, but that doesn't mean that we wouldn't. And so, right now, we're in the process of making Korea work as well as we can. And it's growing pretty well.
Kenneth Sena: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Josey of JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Ronald Josey: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow-up real quickly on Doug's question earlier in 4Q. And, Devin, your comments said growth won't always be linear. Last year, I think the rollout of some product changes in structured data was delayed to minimize the disruption to the holiday season. Given the amount of product changes you're putting out really and about to launch, fair to think that's not the reason for your comments around being linear, meaning structured data and everything else is launching as planned? And as a second part of that question, just on marketing, guaranteed delivery, new homepage relatively, image search, group listings, price match, can you just talk about how you plan to get the word out that eBay has changed so much? I knew the marketing plan, but specifically the products around the marketing plan. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: The first part of the question, look, I think Scott directly mentioned Q4 dynamics. We do expect continued improvement, but there are one-time and other factors that are impacting that, but the underlying trend continues. And as we've always said, there's not going to a hockey stick moment. This has been about continued steady improvement and we think it will continue that way. So, I think that's the Q4 dynamic. On the product side, it's marketing, right? I think we're seeing a good response. We're really happy with where we are. That doesn't mean we're done, but we're really happy with the pace of product innovation now built on the foundation that keeps coming into place around structured data. And, ultimately, it's about  really, for the first time, we're invoking a sustained brand campaign. I'll just remind you how early this is. We started in June in the US and other markets are on as late as a week ago. So, we're really in the first inning of marketing the eBay brand. And brands are a long cycle. They take time. But that's what we're going to do. We're going to keep making the product better. Ultimately, look, I think my own philosophy is the brand matters and that's why we're marketing it, but the most important thing is the customer experience. It's a great experience for buyers and sellers. If that works, people find out about it, and they'll joins us. So, that to me  the number one priority is nail the customer experience, keep making it great, keep evolving it. And then, second is, use our marketing leverage to bring new people to the site and we're doing both of those. And you'll see more of that in Q4. 
Selim Freiha: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Yes, sir. Final question comes from Lloyd Walmsley of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks for the question. You guys talked a bit about partnering with new brands to help them kind of adapt to the changing retail environment and the Spring deal, in particular. Wondering if you can give us a sense of whether we should expect more partnerships in different categories, what might make sense there. And then, if you can also give us some color on how deals like this may make more sense on top of the structured data platform, any kind of intersection that should benefit from that?
Devin Wenig: Thanks. The short answer is they may. And we'll be opportunistic depending on the category. We're very focused on bringing differentiated inventory to the marketplace. So, if a partnership can help us with that, we'll certainly look at it. I look at Spring, but there've been others over the last year, 18 months. We did in art partnership with Sotheby's. We've done others where  that's inventory not finding its way to the marketplace and then it does through a partnership. But I'd also point out that most of our activity is a direct outreach to brands. I think that the dialogue with brands has changed a lot over the last even 12 months. Brands themselves are looking at a rapidly evolving retail landscape. They don't have confidence yet in their physical channels. And when they look at the deconstruction of retail, they have to think about where we're going to be in three years and who is going to sell for us. And I think they're looking at  there's going to be a couple of big digital or omni-channel portals in the world and we'd be one of them. So, frankly, brands that  we had a very tough time approaching and having a conversation about selling on eBay a year ago. It's now a very different conversation. And I think that's great. I think that we should be a very cost-effective channel for brands to reach 170 million or so customers around the world. And I'd just say also stay tuned on that. There will be more to say about our approach with brands in short order.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha  Vice President of Investor Relations Devin Wenig  President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Schenkel  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Eric Sheridan  UBS Ross Sandler  Barclays Capital Douglas Anmuth  JP Morgan Colin Sebastian  Robert W. Baird Richard Kramer  Arete Research Paul Bieber  Credit Suisse Justin Post  Bank of America Brian Nowak  Morgan Stanley Ron Josey  JMP Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for your patience. You have joined the eBay Q2 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Selim Freiha. Sir, you may begin.
Selim Freiha: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBays earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2017. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. Were providing a slide presentation to accompany Scotts commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scotts remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including expected financial results for the third quarter and full year 2017 and the future growth of our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the companys Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SECs website at sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of July 20, 2017, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon, everyone. Q2 is a good quarter for us. We delivered strong top and bottom line financial results led by acceleration in our core eBay platform. At a time when retailers are struggling more every day, we were able to accelerate growth by improving our customer experience and beginning to reinvigorate our brand. Overall, total GMV was up 5% for the quarter while revenue was up 7%. Active buyer growth was stable at 4% as we added nearly 2 million buyers to our platforms in Q2. Excluding buyers in India, which will no longer report after our Flipkart transaction closes, growth in buyer acquisition was 5% accelerating a point. GMV on our Marketplace platform grew 6%, a one point acceleration driven by strength in the U.S., our Classified platform grew revenue at 11% and StubHub volume was down 5%, driven by tough comps and a weaker event landscape than we expected. Finally, weve returned $0.5 billion to our shareholders in the form of stock repurchases Now let me take a moment to put our Q2 performance in the context of our strategy. Two years ago, we began repositioning our business for long-term success by driving the best choice, the most relevance and the most powerful selling platform while sharpening the eBay brand. At the time, we said were confident in our ability to deliver improved user experiences and to accelerate growth on our core eBay platform, now were doing just that. Weve made significant progress to modernize and simplify eBay while bringing forward its unique strengths. Weve created a product catalog that covers well over half our inventory. Weve built and launched hundreds of millions of new products and browse spaces and weve rolled out a significant number of customer improvements at an accelerating pace. And weve begun to reposition the eBay brand to be more differentiated while also correcting longstanding misperceptions about eBay. Over the past two years, weve added 14 million active buyers while improving the GMV growth of our core platform and accelerating revenue growth. Weve delivered well over $4 billion of net income while returning $5 billion of cash to shareholders through share repurchases. Weve also created renewed vibrancy and energy across our company and our culture as we work together to execute our business strategy and to accelerate growth. As an example, over the past two years, our employee satisfaction has increased while our turnover has decreased. Another important element of our culture is our ongoing commitment to make eBay more diverse and inclusive, which is a competitive advantage in recruiting world class talent and ensuring that our workforce reflects the diversity of our marketplace. In summary, were on track with our plans. Were making progress in our business and our organization and were right where we expected we would be. We continue to drive best choice by providing our consumers with great selection and value. Were focused on attracting and retaining sellers and brands that bring differentiated inventory to eBay and this continues to yield good results. For example in Q2 we collaborated with Disney to offer exclusive Pirates of the Caribbean merchandise and we launched nest and EGI [ph] as new brands on our platform. Growth in the global number of eBay business sellers accelerated in Q2, the second straight quarter of acceleration. And just last week, we announced the partnership with Shopify to enable their merchants to list and sell their products on eBay directly from their Shopify account, which will expand merchants and inventory over time. Finally, we launched a price match guarantee on our eBay deals platform ensuring our consumers always have access to the best inventory at the best prices. Traffic to our new structured data enabled user experiences was at 9% exiting the quarter with continued strong conversion in our SEO channel while conversion in our organic and pay traffic channels continues to be stable. Within SEO where our experiences have been in place the longest conversion further improved then we saw strong acceleration in traffic growth this quarter. The rollout of our new homepage has expanded to all users across eight key geographies. We leveraged our structured data and AI to deliver and experience tailored to each eBay users interests and passions. Early evidence shows users are responding well to the new homepage with lower bounce rates and better engagement. This tells us were matching users with content thats more relevant to them and we stepped up our brands marketing in Q2. In April, we rolled out a national fashion campaign and in June we launched the first activation of our new brand platform fill your cart with color using multiple channels including television, digital and social. And while its still very early to determine the overall efficacy of our brand advertising, were seeing promising early results with better fashion  better purchase consideration in our fashion category and an increase in traffic from new to eBay visitors. We recently began building on our brand marketing with the launch of a significant out of home campaign in the U.S., the next phase of our television and social advertising. We plan to continue to invest in our brands in the second half of this year including the international rollout of the new campaign. Finally, we continue to execute our plans to deliver the most powerful selling platform. In Q2, we engaged our developer community by hosting a developer conference at our San Jose campus and we announced significant enhancements to our suite of APIs. Over time this will enable better innovation on our platform, which will benefit our sellers of all sizes. We also continue to expand adoption of our Seller Hub product while adding capabilities to enable sellers to more effectively manage their eBay businesses. Our Classified platform had another strong quarter of revenue growth driven across our broad portfolio of assets. Were focused on increasing traffic and engagement through better mobile experiences and improving our verticals. And our inventory integration between Marketplace and Classifieds continues to perform well. Finally, StubHub had a challenging quarter driven by continued lapping of strong growth comps coupled with the U.S. events landscape that was significantly weaker than we had anticipated. Last year, weve benefited from record setting events such as Hamilton and Copa America along with strong NBA and NHL postseasons and good performance of top selling MLB teams none of which repeated in Q2 of this year. While U.S. growth lags, we continue to expand our global event marketplace with significant double-digit international GMV growth this quarter and we continue to improve the product experience this quarter with innovations in our native app social commerce and a globally integrated event catalog. While we expect to face tough growth comps again in Q3, StubHub is well positioned to grow over the long-term due to our leading consumer brand expanding industry partnerships and continued innovation. In summary, Q2 was a good quarter for our business with accelerating volume and revenue growth in our core Marketplace platform. In the two years since implementing our strategy, weve made the product and technology investments necessary to enable us to deliver growth acceleration. Our focus continues to be on improving the customer experience and we wont hesitate to trade-off short-term results when necessary. Looking forward to the second half of this year, we expect good execution and an increasing pace of product innovation. And with that Ill turn it over to Scott to give you more detail on the Q2 results.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Devin. Lets begin with Q2 performance, starting on Slide 4 of the earnings presentation. In Q2, we generated $2.3 billion of total revenue, $0.45 of non-GAAP EPS and $517 million of free cash flow. We repurchased $507 million of our stock and this week our Board of Directors approved an additional $3 billion share repurchase authorization. Moving to active buyers. In the quarter, we increased our total active buyer base to 171 million while trailing 12-month growth was stable at 4%. Underlying the overall trends, we saw stable retention and continued positive momentum in new user acquisition with particular strength coming from the U.S. and Korea. On Slide 6, in Q2, we enabled $21.5 billion of total GMV, up 5%. By geography, the U.S. generated $8.8 billion of GMV, up 30%, while international delivered $12.7 billion of GMV, up 7% year-over-year. Moving to revenue, we generated total net revenues of $2.3 billion up 7% on an FX neutral basis and up 6% organically, both stable versus the prior quarter. We delivered $1.8 billion of transaction revenue, up 6%, and $511 million of marketing services and other revenue, up 9%. Turning to Slide 8. Our Marketplace platform grew GMV by 6% in Q2, one point acceleration versus the prior quarter. U.S. GMV accelerated one point quarter over quarter to 5% and international GMV grew at 6%, stable versus the prior quarter. Underlying those trends, our B2C growth rate was 6% year-over-year and C2C growth was 3%, both slightly improving versus the prior quarter. Total Marketplace revenue was $1.9 billion up 7% year-over-year, two point acceleration versus the prior quarter. Transaction revenue also grew 7% and accelerated two points versus Q1, one point faster than GMV as the pricing changes we announced in Q1, which are enabling increased investments to drive velocity for our sellers went into effect. Marketing services and other revenue grew 4%, a deceleration of two points versus the prior quarter. The deceleration was driven by the elimination of certain third party ads on our site in addition to lapping significant Q1 growth from our co-branded credit card revenue, which is recognized annually in the first quarter. As we continue to shift our advertising strategy away from third party and towards first party advertising, this will favor transaction revenue putting ongoing pressure on MS&O revenue growth. Moving to Slide 9. StubHub GMV declined 5% year-over-year decelerating 11 points from Q1 while revenue grew 5%, a deceleration of 14 points versus the prior quarter. This quarter we lapped the strongest growth rates from all of last year in addition to facing into a weaker events landscape as Devin discussed earlier. While we will continue to face comps tough comps through most of Q3, we believe Q2 will be the low point of growth for this year. Moving to Slide 10. In Q2, Classifieds grew revenue 11%, one point acceleration versus Q1. Were seeing strong growth across our key markets driven by improved user traffic and engagement, partially offset by ongoing monetization headwinds as traffic shifts to our mobile app platforms. Turning to Slide 11 and major cost drivers. In Q2, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 27.3%, which is down 180 basis points versus last year, 80 basis points of which was driven by a stronger U.S. dollar impacting all spend categories. I will focus my remaining comments on the operational dynamics of our expenses. Cost of revenue increased year-over-year driven by our Ticketbis acquisition, our first party inventory program in Korea and incremental investments in eBay customer support. Q2 sales and marketing expenses decreased as a percentage of revenue as productivity and marketing channels and reallocations across platforms more than offset increased Marketplace brand advertising. In June, we launched a new multichannel brand campaign in the U.S. which will rollout across our key international markets throughout the remainder of the year. Product development costs were relatively flat as a percentage of revenue as we are now lapping increased product investments from the second quarter of last year. We continue to drive operating leverage to fund ongoing investments in key areas such as the expansion of structured data and the product experience enhancements across our platforms. G&A expenses were up year-over-year driven by the addition of Ticketbis operating expenses and investments in data, security and employee benefits and services. Turning to EPS on Slide 12. In Q2, we delivered $0.45 of non-GAAP EPS, up 5% versus prior year with FX negatively impacting EPS growth by five points. EPS growth was driven by revenue growth and the net benefit of share repurchases partially offset by the cost dynamics described earlier. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.02 down $0.36 versus last year. Our GAAP results were negatively impacted this quarter by a non-cash income tax charge of $311 million caused by the foreign exchange remeasurement of a deferred tax asset related to the ongoing realignment of our legal structure. As always you can find the detail of reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures on our press release and earnings presentation. On Slide 13 in Q2 we generated $517 million of free cash flow, which was down 16% on a year-over-year basis primarily driven by timing differences of cash tax payments. CapEx was 8% of revenue in Q2 and we continue to expect to be in the range of 7% to 9% of revenue for the year. Turning to Slide 14. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $13.6 billion of which $4.9 billion is in the U.S. Our capital allocation strategy is designed to manage the capital structure in a way that optimizes our financial flexibility, access to debt and our cost of capital to enable capital return and drive long-term shareholder value. In Q2, we raised $2.5 billion of debt, which we plan to use for general corporate purposes, repayment of our near-term debt obligations, share repurchases and M&A activity. Additionally, we repurchased 15 million shares at an average price of $33.79 per share amounting to $507 million in total. We ended the quarter with $479 million of share repurchase authorization remaining and as I previously mentioned our Board of Directors approved an additional $3 billion authorization this week. We remain committed to capital return at a minimum of 50% of free cash flow for the full year and we will continue to be in the market opportunistically at levels above that. Before discussing our Q3 guidance, Id like to remind you that we will start to utilize hedge accounting to better protect revenue from currency movements in the second half of 2017. As I mentioned on our January earnings call, we implemented a new hedging program that is intended to reduce volatility of our top-line from foreign exchange. Going forward are hedging results will be recorded in our net revenue line and not our interest and other line. With that lets turn to our Q3 guidance on Slide 15. We are projecting revenue between $2.35 billion and $2.39 billion representing organic FX neutral growth of 6% to 8% year-over-year. Our guidance assumes continued improvement in marketplace volume and revenue growth. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.46 to $0.48 per share representing year-over-year growth of 3% to 7% on an as reported basis. EPS growth will be driven by revenue growth and the net benefit of our share repurchase program offset by continued investments to drive improved user experience and to market our brand. Additionally, we expect FX to impact us by approximately five points of growth on a year-over-year basis. For Q3, we expect GAAP EPS in the range of $0.30 to $0.32. For the full year, we continue to expect revenue in the range of $9.3 billion to $9.5 billion, organic FX and revenue growth of 6% to 8%, non-GAAP operating margin in the range of 29% to 31%, non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.98 to $2.03 per share and free cash flow of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. Assuming foreign exchange rates remain where they are today, we would expect revenue dollars to be slightly above the high-end of our guidance range. We are updating our full-year GAAP EPS guidance to $1.65 to $1.75 per share reflecting the impact of the previously mentioned non-cash income tax charge recorded in Q2. As our legal structure realignment process continues throughout this year, it may result in further non-cash adjustments that are not currently factored into our GAAP guidance. In summary, we are seeing positive momentum and we expect to launch an increasing number of product enhancements throughout the remainder of this year in addition to increasing our brand advertising to drive improved consideration in traffic. As we significantly changed the eBay user experience, the improvement in our results may not always be linear. However, we believe we are investing in the right initiatives to meet our commitment to accelerate growth. We are on the right track and execution will be key for the second half of this year as we continue to set the business up for longer term success. Now, wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Yes, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan of UBS. Your question please.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe taking a step back as we look into that part of the year, I want to know if you could frame some of those key investments that you think are necessary to continue the momentum in the business that youre seeing in Q2 over Q1 and what we should be watching towards those investments play out in terms of the key metrics on either the top line users, sellers GMV? How should we be measuring that? Thanks so much.
Devin Wenig: Ill talk about the investments and then Scott can just frame it. Its not a lot different than what were doing. We think were on the right track and we will continue to build out our catalog and continue to build out our structured data foundation. Youll see an accelerating pace of user innovation on top of that meaning the eBay site will continue to evolve. There are some significant product deliverables in the second half built on that foundation, which weve already announced, which in the coming weeks and months well update on when the delivery is, but there is significant move on things like guaranteed delivery and things like authentication. And all of thats built on the same foundation and weve already discussed that and we think those are on the right path. Youll also see us continue to expand the brand advertising campaign. As an example, weve launched it in the U.S. We have not launched it yet internationally and that will happen in the second half. So on the back of those things, what were seeing is traffic improve, buyers improve and conversion improve. We like that. So, were going to keep expanding the surface area of that and its on that basis that weve given the guidance in the second half that weve given, which implies continuing improvement. I dont know if you have anything to add, Scott.
Scott Schenkel: No, you covered it.
Devin Wenig: Okay, next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of Barclays Capital. Your question please.
Ross Sandler: Great, guys I just had couple questions. First is the spring seller update, can you just talk about the overall impact to back half revenue, just going to be revenue neutral or accretive and you know if StubHub continues to underperform and I think Scotts comment about exceeding the high-end of the revenue range that he just made. What would that imply for marketplace of GMV ex-FX relative to that 8% at the high-end? And then second question is any  I think you mentioned the U.S. active buyers are picking up in the second quarter. Any early feedback or metrics around the ad campaign that launched in the quarter? Is that was driving in or is it something else? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, let me work backwards real quick, first off on active buyers. As Devin called out excluding India we grew active buyers by 5%, which accelerated nearly a point quarter-over-quarter with particular strength in the U.S. and wed call that also augmented by Korea. Three dynamics under there, some of which weve talked about, some of which Ill just expand upon. First is retention. We continue to see that stable as we exposed more users to our new experiences. New buyers, we see new buyers coming particularly from our new SEO landing pages based on the structured data pages that that underlie that. And were starting to activate the brand much more at scale than we have and we expect that to supplement new buyer growth with increased consideration. This is in early phases, but were happy with the early start. If I go back to your first couple questions, first maybe start with guidance. You know as I called out the Q3 organic revenue as well as the total year organic revenue of between 6% and 8% is really going to be based on the acceleration that we expect to see in marketplaces GMV and revenue. The pricing change that we made will continue to favor transaction revenue and much of that as I call that my remarks will be reinvested to try and accelerate the pace that we see in our growth. What was the other one? Active buyers
Devin Wenig: I think that was it.
Scott Schenkel: That was it. Anything to add
Devin Wenig: How the brand campaign is doing? I just say  look were pleased with it. I think the response has been really good. To some extent we started feathering brand marketing in earlier in the year, but we really kicked that in at the back half of Q2 and youll see that continue throughout the year and expand internationally. Weve seen traffic respond nicely. Its a little early to be calling virus, but weve seen traffic respond nicely and weve seen that traffic come from new to eBay users, which is really the intention of a brand campaign as to expand those  expand our consideration. And you know a month, a month and a half in, we think thats happening, but with all brand campaigns youre going to keep it on and thats what were going to do. So weve  again, its  these are all themes, we think were on the right track and were going to keep doing it but on an accelerating pace.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, let me double click real quick on Marketplaces GMV. If you back up here, weve accelerated Marketplaces GMV from 4-ish to 5% to 6% over the course of the last year, and this has been driven by the U.S., which has accelerated roughly one point per quarter over that same time period, while international has been relatively stable. So weve made the most improvement, as Devin called out, to our foundation and as well as changes to the Marketplaces ecosystem in the U.S. and were in the  and were further along in the brand activation, as Devin called out, in the U.S. And those improvements, the changes in the ecosystem, the brand are in the process of rolling out across our platform and our properties internationally. And so in a global ecosystem, its highly dependent on many factors. But as I said, things wont always be linear, but we believe were making the right investments and were making balanced trade-offs to drive that growth, and our outlook and guidance assumes that.
Devin Wenig: Thanks. Lets go ahead and go to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Devin just wanted to ask you about structured data. You talked about SCO being strong and conversion improving. I hope you could also just talk about what youre seeing in terms of organic and SEM as well. Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, those are stable. Those are kind of in line with where theyve been because we havent yet fully penetrated that. If you look at where weve taken structured data in the last quarter in Q2, weve really expanded its presence in SCO. Were up to 22% of total SCO shares now on these new experiences. And its interesting that those experiences have been in place for longest in SCO and we see the most surface area. And I think two quarters ago, we started saying, were seeing really nice double digit conversion gains, those are actually moved up again this quarter. And were really seeing very nice traffic acceleration in SCO now. So we like that. In the core where were just starting to intersect with things like search in the homepage, were pretty stable and I guess thats to be expected. We think that will move up over time. But we also said youre not going to get the gains at the edge that youve got near the middle, near the core. We think we will get gains, but it will be a bit of a different profile. But still this is playing out kind of the way we had hoped it would, which is were seeing conversion gains, were improving SCO, were moving from the edge into the core. And Ill just reiterate what I said, I believe last quarter, which is this is not -- the pace isnt linear. Its actually going to speed up in the second half. And youll be able to see the new experiences in eBay from space by this holiday and we still believe that, that will be the case.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay, thank you.
Devin Wenig: Thanks. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian of Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks guys. I had a couple of questions. First, with the active buyer activity picking up, I wonder if youre seeing a corresponding increase in seller activity, not only in terms of number of sellers but more granular metrics such as number of listings per seller or something like that. And then secondly, as a follow-up on the advertising strategy, Devin, are you closer to the point now where some of the investment in the brand initiatives at the top of the spending funnel can graduate towards more of a transactional or a direct response effort? And if thats the case, how quickly should we expect to see the benefits of that shift in volume?
Devin Wenig: Yeah, two good questions. So lets start with active buyers. On the seller side, were seeing a really nice acceleration of the number of sellers on eBay. Its the second straight quarter of acceleration. So were seeing a lot of small and medium-sized businesses start selling on eBay for the first time, were really happy about that. I also talked about brands while were acquiring a lot of SMBs and small sellers, were also starting to acquire brands at an increasing pace, which is excellent. I am really pleased about that. So listings. I think whats interesting is over time, listings, as structured data penetrates our site and our experiences, listings will become a less important metric than products will. Were not quite there yet, but Ill just give you one example. So listings are growing, but were working with sellers to take duplicates now. And weve been pretty aggressive about that right now because it clutters the site and it depresses conversion. So listings might not linearly or exponentially keep going up. There may be periods when it comes down but were actually adding the number of products. So the most important thing are sellers and inventory and both are increasing at an accelerated pace. Vis-a-vis marketing, Colin, were doing both at the same time. So were doing the brand and theres a significant amount of consideration work thats implicit in the brand. But were also doing a lot of the normal advertising that we do, which is buy this. And you saw some very active over the last several weeks selling our deals, selling deals that are in our Price Match program. So its all of the above, and thats implicit in our expectation of further acceleration in the second half.
Colin Sebastian: Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Thanks. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Kramer of Arete Research. Your line is open.
Richard Kramer: Yeah, thanks very much. Two quick questions. First of all, looks as if your principal competitor is very aggressively ramping sponsored listings in 1P ads. Can you give us a bit of an update of where you are in this transition from the 3P ads that are sort of rolling off of MS&O to the 1P ads that should be boosting Marketplace growth? And is that a significant factor in the second half of the year? And then just another question just in the U.K., weve seen a number of instances where new management was reaching out and visiting sellers, especially maybe in response to some things like mandating the standard images rather than the watermarked ones. And can you comment on sort of your balance of sellers and do you see if you will a larger number of sellers sort of graduating to being more professional sellers on eBay? Or are you still in the funnel where youre trying to bring new sellers on at the very early stage, if that makes some sense?
Devin Wenig: It does, two [indiscernible]. So our first-party advertising business is a big priority. We think its a really good opportunity, and it is growing rapidly. It is also small, and it is not a major factor in our second half guidance. So implicit in our guidance is standard GMV, the way weve historically defined it, will continue to improve. But with that said, we havent backed down on the 1P opportunity at all. This quarter, we continue to expand the SKUs that are available, the number of sellers its available to. And an example is in our latest seller release, some core anchor stores got credits for promoted listing. And thats about to activate and theyre about to start using those credits to further enhance the penetration of 1P ads. So were kind of in a year-over-year  really acceleration here [indiscernible]. Keep in mind, our commitment to the ecosystem was while this ramps, were also going to take down third-party ads that bring people off of eBay. And then as an example, you heard in Scotts remarks, this quarter, we took down our off eBay PLAs entirely in the U.S. So in the MS&O line, youre seeing a little bit of mix shift between transaction, revenue and MS&O. And if you net the two, youre not yet seeing the type of growth that were seeing on the left side of the ledger, if you will, because on the right side of the ledger, were taking down ads that suppress GMV and make the ecosystem less healthy. And well keep doing that until we get to the place where those bleed off and then were just in the growth phase of the 1P ad strategy. On the U.K. thing, I wouldnt  look, we are still bringing in a lot of small businesses. And in many ways, thats the heart and soul of our company, and well continue to focus on them. I dont  Ive never viewed it as one or the other. Ive never viewed it as a large professional seller cant sell right alongside a very small mom-and-pop seller, even a consumer. To me, thats what is unique about eBay. Whats unique about eBay is the seller base in the inventory and were actually leaning into that to make sure that we dont end up as a me-too to any other competitor. But we occupy a very distinct place in the e-commerce world. And its for that reason that were being more aggressive than ever reaching out to small sellers. And a great example of this is the Shopify deal where Shopify has got lots of small merchants will bring onto our platform. And youll see other activities in the second half of us getting more aggressive in small seller acquisition. Thanks for the question. Next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Bieber of Credit Suisse. Your question please.
Paul Bieber: Great, thank you for taking my question. First off, I was wondering how we should think about this trajectory of gross margins through the rest of the year given the investment in 1P in Korea. And then secondly, on the Classified business, why is that such an important part of the eBay portfolio? And I was hoping you could walk us through the synergies between Classifieds and the Marketplace business?
Devin Wenig: Yeah, on gross margin, I think its more the same. I think youll continue  well continue to see the dynamics with our Ticketbis business along with first party from Korea. And so those dynamics I dont expect a massive shift between first half to second, but it will continue to be the factor in our overall gross margin. On Classifieds, were the worlds leader in consumer selling and it just happens to be the Classified as a format for consumer selling. We sell globally, we allow consumers to access global consumers and we allow them to access local consumers. But both of those are important. It happens to be weve organized it as a business unit, but it is part and parcel and core to our business. To directly answer your question around synergies, the synergies are getting more and more every quarter because weve co-mingled the inventory now, so our buyers can see the best inventory whether or not it ends up being listed on a Classified format or on core eBay format. So we talked about that integration two quarters ago, and weve seen GMV each quarter improve since weve rolled it out two quarters ago. So to me this absolutely core part of eBay. Were good at it, weve grown it over a decade, and it wouldnt have grown the way it has grown if not for being part of our business.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, I mean, we talk about Classifieds and eBay as two different platforms because theyre two different sites. But the fact of the matter is we go after the same segment, consumer segment, as Devin talked about. And so increasingly, what youre seeing in each of the  in some of the major markets is a blending of that inventory to try and make sure that were addressing customer needs across to do different sites and platforms. And I think its been very successful and its always been a go-to-market strategy together in their respective markets.
Paul Bieber: Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America. Your question please.
Justin Post: Great. I guess my questions are all around margins. Can you first say if theres any unusual items in your margins this year that are depressing them x  excluding FX? And then on FX, if the exchange rates start to level off or even improve, would that help your margins next year? And then finally, can you quantify how big that Korea first party business is for revenue? Just thinking about the impact on Marketplace revenues and also what the impact is on gross margins? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, I mean, the first party  Im going to breakout Korea first party. Its not in the greater scheme of things a massive contributor on dollars. On a year-over-year basis, its been growing nicely and does impact gross margins and thats why weve called it out. With respect to margins, a couple of things. As I called out, foreign exchange was 180 basis points of the  was 80 basis points of the 180 versus prior year decline in margins. The rest of the decline was really driven by investments in and the integration of Ticketbis. And so at a broad level, if you want to call that an unusual, thats a year-over-year change thats driving most of it. But similar to the last couple of years, weve offset many of the investments that weve been making to accelerate growth via leverage/productivity. And so I feel like as we look at the first half of the year, theres always unusuals. Weve called out Ticketbis in this case. But the fact of the matter is, I think, weve done a reasonably good job of operationally trading off the investments with productivity, recognizing that we do have that Ticketbis acquisition and foreign exchange. Maybe a bit more dynamic and get to your other question about foreign exchange, if you look at the last two years, those dynamics arent that dissimilar with the ad that I would put in here, which is we had a standup costs in the first year of separation. And so again, a little bit of an unusual as we stood the company up as a standalone entity. As we look at year to year, were able to offset much of the foreign exchange impact, the gains that we recorded historically in line and now that will be in revenue, as I called out in my remarks. But over time, a stronger U.S. dollar will pressure our margin rate and over time, a weaker will help. But its going to be muted on both sides, if not eliminated, with our hedging programs.
Justin Post: Great, thank you.
Devin Wenig: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one on the U.S., the GMV continues to accelerate nicely in the Marketplace. I was wondering if you can just talk to any specific categories in particular that are driving that strength in the U.S. growth? And then the second one on the seller side; Devin, as you think about the seller services, are there any specific examples of new services that youve rolled out this year that had a positive impact on the seller growth or seller selection or anything, just so we can think about what youve learned in kind of new seller services year-to-date?
Devin Wenig: On acceleration in market places, we have seen nice progress in fashion, weve seen nice progress in electronics, weve seen nice progress in home and garden. To some extent, the investments were making are horizontal. They have lifted the water line for all of our categories. But Id say were particularly excited in the second half about fashion, electronics and home and garden as we approach the holiday season in the second half. On seller services, the way that I look at what were doing for our bigger sellers who need  who generally take more services is were beginning to package the suite of services like Seller Hub with an increasingly rich data profile and thats becoming part of our store subscription. So you can almost think of it as the store subscription is almost Seller loyalty plan where theyre paying us a fee. For that, theyre getting both price benefits to listing, plus a set of services like data and inventory management in the new products that we launched within the last year. So were not yet offering other services to those sellers. But I think well see as that expands over time if there are other products and services that they want that we can begin to add more and more value to our stores. Thats the way we kind of looked at the commercial model vis-a-vis our larger sellers.
Scott Schenkel: And if you go back to some of the conversations weve had in the last few quarters, weve invested a lot in structured data and weve invested a lot in new experiences. And I think youre seeing that pay off in our parts and accessories experience, which is also where were seeing nice growth in very differentiated based on the experiences that weve developed.
Brian Nowak: Great, thanks.
Devin Wenig: Next question. Our next question comes from Mark May of Citi. Your question please.
Mark May: Thanks a lot. You Q3 guidance obviously implies further revenue acceleration despite a  I think its 100 basis point tougher comp and despite, as you mentioned, the continued headwinds from StubHub, Did the company exit Q2? And/or are you entering Q3 seeing this acceleration? And thats whats giving you the confidence to provide that outlook or are there some things that you plan to do or see throughout the quarter thats driving that expectation for improved growth going forward? And then just quickly on the comment regarding Q3 revenue potentially being above your guidance, if FX rates hold, can you just clarify that comment. Is that because youre using maybe a different FX assumption in your guidance? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: I wont get into the kind of where we are at this week but I would say that were seeing improved -- were generally seeing improvement in all the metrics that we want to see. Were seeing as time goes on and as we penetrate more and more with our strategy, our new product, our better customer experiences, were seeing buyers traffic and conversion improve. And its that, that gives us the confidence to give the guidance that we gave. So I wont get into this week versus last week, but I would say this business has gotten healthier consistently over time. Its not always perfectly linear. But we think we know. And we expect to see the continuation of that. And we also expect to see acceleration in the second half. Were going to go faster with a lot of the foundation now in place, and Im seeing the results were hoping for, were going to go accelerate and go faster. So its -- thats implicit in it. And I just say vis--vis, the revenue growth, Scott will talk about the FX, the GMV acceleration is the primary driver of the revenue acceleration. They tend to go in lockstep.
Scott Schenkel: As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, if FX rates remain where they are today, then all I was calling out was that the revenue dollars that we report at the end of the year would be at or above, really above the high end of the range. That said the organic FX neutral growth rate of 6% to 8% remains and thats driven by the dynamics we just talked about.
Devin Wenig: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our final question comes from Ron Josey of JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Ron Josey: Great, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to go back a little bit to the new homepage and the product. And Devin, you talked about lower bounce rates and better engagement rates from the new homepage. Are you seeing the same on mobile with the mobile product pages launched? And if you could comment around mobile conversion rates as well that would be helpful. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Its a little bit different because the homepage is obviously a different experience on mobile than it is on the desktop. But what I would say is that historically for everyones e-commerce business, mobile conversion is less than desktop conversion. But were seeing improvements in mobile conversion alongside the improvements of the desktop from a lower base but were seeing the improvements as we begin to roll the structured data experiences out to mobile as well. So SCO on mobile is driven just the same by structured data experiences. Our product pages are now in our native app and in our mobile web experience. So its moving right along at the same, yes, mobile is less than desktop, but it is for everyone and were seeing it move up lockstep with the desktop, so were pretty pleased by that, no real difference depending on the floor mat.
Ron Josey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the Q&A session and our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-19 06:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - VP of Investor Relations Devin Wenig - President and CEO Scott Schenkel - CFO
Analysts: Ross Sandler - Barclays Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird Eric Sheridan - UBS Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Scott Devitt - Stifel Mark May - Citi Lloyd Wharton Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities Ronald Josey - JMP Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBay First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays program is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for todays program, Selim Freiha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Selim Freiha: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBays earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2017. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. Were providing a slide presentation to accompany Scotts commentary during the call. Weve also included a structure data update in the appendix. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scotts remarks represent FX neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay Web site investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations Web site for the latest Company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including expected financial results for the second quarter and full-year 2017 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the Companys Investor Relations Web site at investors.ebayinc.com or the SECs Web site at sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 19, 2017, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon, everyone. Q1 was a strong start to the year for us. Heading into the year, we said our intension was to accelerate the business. And in Q1 we drove acceleration in active buyers revenue and core U.S GMV, which grew at the fastest of Q3 2014. Our user experience improvements and brand marketing are making more of an impact in driving a healthier ecosystem. We also saw a relatively robust consumer spending environment in Q1, providing a tailwind for our business. Still we have significantly more work ahead of us to deliver the business and the results that we aspire to for 2017 and beyond. Our plans are not without risk, but I believe were on the right path. Overall total GMV was up 5% year-on-year, revenue was up 7% and active buyers grew 4% to $169 million. GMV and revenue on our Marketplace platforms grew at 5% year-over-year. U.S Marketplace GMV grew at 4%, one point growth acceleration, while international GMV decelerated by a point to 6%. Our StubHub platforms grew volume at 6% and our Classified platforms grew revenue at 10%. Finally, we returned $350 million to our shareholders through our share repurchase program and recently announced a $500 million cash investment in Flipkart, the leading e-commerce business in India. Weve been working on an ambitious replatforming of eBay to drive the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform. This includes a work were doing on our mobile platform, building product catalogs on structured data, launching new browse inspired shopping journeys, reinvigorating our C2C business and sharpening our brand. Our user experience changes started to become more visible in Q1. And I expect this pace of change to accelerate as we progress through 2017. This quarter we expanded the number of user experiences built on our foundation of structured data. Traffic to these experiences is now at 7%, and conversion gains are holding in SEO traffic, while conversion in our organic experiences is on par with broader organic traffic conversion. We started to land users directly on our new browse pages when they search for certain broad based keywords connecting structured data experiences to our core organic traffic. We are leveraging our 25 million now product reviews more extensively with the launch of a top rated module in our browse experience. And weve enabled users to upload pictures in product reviews, making them more impactful. Finally, we laid the foundation that will enable us to move our page search traffic to structured data pages by the end of the second quarter. We also began rolling out a new homepage in late March, powered by the replatforming work weve been doing. Using structured data and artificial intelligence were creating a shopping experience tailored to each eBay users interest, passions in shopping history. Users will see a homepage that is simpler, more personal and discovery based, helping them find their version of perfect, no matter what it is. With nearly 50% of our volume, now closing on a mobile device, our mobile platform continues to be a key area of focus for us. This quarter we released our latest core mobile app 5a [ph], which enabled us to begin rolling out a significantly simplified consumer selling experience that uses our growing structured data catalog coupled with a more efficient listing flow. We also announced our spring seller release, which included several upcoming changes to pricing and performance standards. As part of the changes were making, were enabling our sellers more direct access to market their inventory on eBay by removing all third-party ads on view item and search result pages, and increasing the number of promoted listing placements across the site. Finally, we announced two significant customer experience improvements that will launch later this year, initially in the U.S. A new authentication program will further increase consumer confidence when purchasing high-end merchandise on eBay, and build upon our leadership as a trusted Marketplace. Were also introducing this summer guaranteed delivery in three days or less for 20 million items on eBay, millions of which will also ship for free. As we continue to evolve our customer experience, were also activating a sharper, more clearly differentiated and globally consistent brand. In Q1, we advertised the eBay brand across multiple channels, including TV, social, and outdoors. You'll see us step that effort up later this quarter by bringing our brand to life in a fresh modern way that authentically connects with people and with culture. People shop on eBay to find incredible value across our vast spectrum of inventory and our updated eBay brand campaign will address consumer misperceptions and bring to light the eBay that were building for the future. StubHub is well positioned to capitalize on its leadership position as a global event experience marketplace. We saw strong growth internationally in Q1 and looking at our genres a good Super Bowl drove NFL performance with strength also in college sports and theater. Most of this strong genre performance was offset by lapping significant growth from last year. We expect to see lower growth rates through the third quarter based on these tougher comps. Our classified platform continues to innovate the user experience and grew at double digits again this quarter. In the Netherlands, we launched a new personalized homepage experience powered by our data that's already driving better engagement. We also expanded the rollout of inventory integration with eBay and we're now beginning to generate meaningful synergy between our eBay and classified platforms, exiting Q1 with over $1 million per week of GMV just through this integration. As I mentioned earlier, we recently announced the terms of a deal to invest in and partner with Flipkart, the leading e-commerce player in India. Im very excited about this new exclusive partnership, which enables us to increase our penetration in India by making eBay's global inventory accessible to a significantly larger set of Indian consumers. Additionally, eBay's millions of active buyers will have access to more unique Indian inventory provided by Flipkart. The team at Flipkart are strong executors, with deep knowledge of the local Indian market. And were committed to winning in India through this partnership. We continue to believe there are significant opportunities to expand our business inorganically through our M&A and partnership strategy, were continually evaluating opportunities to broaden our reach and our capabilities. We also constantly monitor our existing portfolio of assets, and we take action when we don't see a clear contribution to our strategy or a path to win. Finally I'm proud to say that we recently released our first diversity and inclusion report since spinning PayPal off in 2015. This reports a straightforward account of where were are and where were committed to going. It includes data and qualitative content that shares the approach were taking, which we believe is comprehensive global and human. Our culture is built on the idea of economic empowerment and connecting people through the power of a global marketplace. We will continue to advocate for principles and policies that support the needs of the global eBay community, such as inclusion, trade and the positive role that technology can play in people's lives around the world. In summary, were making steady progress in our journey of changing eBay. In the past year, we have improved both the foundation of the business and our operating results. This improvement has not always been linear and it may not be going forward, but Q1 was a good start to a year where we expect to make significant progress, redefining the eBay user experience and brand. Now let me turn it to Scott to provide more details on our quarterly financial results and our Q2 guidance.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Devin. Let's begin with Q1 performance starting on Slide 4 of the earnings presentation. In Q1, we generated $2.2 billion of total revenue, $0.49 of non-GAAP EPS, $447 million in free cash flow, and we repurchased $350 million of our stock. Moving to Q1, active buyers on Slide 5. In the quarter, trailing 12-month growth was 4% year-over-year, a one point acceleration driven -- driving 2 million incremental active buyers. Underlying the over -- under overall trends we saw slightly lower churn rates, stable growth in reactivated buyers, and some early momentum on new buyer acquisition exiting the quarter, particularly in the U.S and Korea. On Slide 6, in Q1, we enabled $20.9 billion of GMV, up 5%. By geography, the U.S generated $8.8 billion of GMV, up 4%, while international delivered $12.1 billion of GMV, up 6% year-over-year. As we discuss our growth rates, keep in mind that growth was negatively impacted by a point as we lapped leap year, somewhat offset by the timing of Easter. Moving to revenue. We generated net revenues of $2.2 billion, up 7% on an FX neutral basis. A one point acceleration and up 6% organically stable versus the prior quarter. We delivered $1.7 billion of transaction revenue, up 6%, and $488 million of marketing services and other revenue, up 9%. Diving a bit deeper into our Marketplace platform on Slide 8. Q1 GMV grew 5% stable versus the prior quarter. U.S GMV accelerated one point quarter-over-quarter to 4% and international GMV grew 6%, one point deceleration versus the prior quarter. Underlying those trends, our B2C growth rate was 6% year-over-year and C2C growth was 3% versus prior year, both stable versus the prior quarter. Total Marketplace revenue was $1.8 billion, up 5% year-over-year, a one point acceleration versus the prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 5% in line with GMV, while marketing services and other revenue grew 6% accelerating seven points versus Q4. MS&O performance was driven by strong growth of our co-branded credit card revenue agreement and expansion of our first-party inventory program in Korea where we supplement our third-party inventory with consumer staples to ensure consideration across a wide spectrum of shopping occasions. We continue to shift our advertising revenue away from third-party and towards first-party advertising, such as our promoted listings product which is recognized in transaction revenue. This will favor transaction revenue, but put pressure on MS&O revenue growth going forward. Moving to Slide 9. StubHub GMV grew 6% accelerating one point from Q4 driven by international strength with the integration of our TicketbiS acquisition. StubHub revenue grew 19%, down one point versus Q4. Excluding the impact of TicketbiS, GMV growth was stable at 3% and revenue decelerated three points to 13%. GMV and revenue growth dynamics resulted in a higher take rate this quarter versus the prior year. This was driven primarily by a reduction in our buyer incentives. While StubHub is facing tougher growth comps in a more challenging near-term event landscape relative to last year, our long-term outlook of high single to low double-digit growth for the platform has not changed. Moving to Slide 10. In Q1, classifieds grew revenue 10%, a three point deceleration versus Q4. We saw a strong growth in eBay Kleinanzeigen, offset by lapping price increases in our motors vertical last year, and continued ad monetization pressure from the ongoing shift to mobile. Looking forward, we continue to expect classifieds to grow in the low to mid teens. Turning to Slide 11 and major cost drivers. In Q1, we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 30%, which is down 340 basis points versus last year driven by a 110 basis points each in product development and G&A. Additionally, the stronger U.S dollar negatively impacted margin by 95 basis points. The impact of foreign exchange was felt across all spend category, so I will focus my comments on the operational dynamics of our expenses. Cost of revenue increased year-over-year driven by expenses related to our TicketbiS operations and the previously mentioned expansion of our first-party inventory program in Korea, partially offset by good operating leverage. Q1 sales and marketing expense was relatively flat as a percentage of revenue, as productivity and reallocations across channels and platforms helped fund increased Marketplace brand advertising. This quarter, we ran a significant outdoor campaign across the U.S and an eBay Motors campaign with TV spots airing during major NASCAR events. Product development costs were up as we continue to invest in our product experiences across all of our platforms. Key areas of investment include ongoing expansion of structured data, new user experience development and efforts around AI and machine learning. G&A expense was up year-over-year as operating leverage was more than offset by lapping a one-time insurance recovery last year and TicketbiS operating expenses. Turning to EPS on Slide 12. In Q1, we delivered $0.49 of non-GAAP EPS, up 4% versus prior year with FX negatively impacting EPS growth by four points. EPS growth was driven by revenue growth and the net benefits of share repurchases, partially offset by the cost dynamics explained earlier. GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.94, up $0.53 versus last year. The primary driver of the year-over-year increase in GAAP EPS was a non-cash GAAP income tax benefit of $695 million, which we recorded to recognize a deferred tax asset related to our classifieds entities. This is part of the ongoing realignment of our legal structure and the non-cash impact of this realignment is reflected in our GAAP tax rate and GAAP EPS, but has no impact on our free cash flow non-GAAP tax rate or non-GAAP EPS. As always you can find a detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. On Slide 13. In Q1, we generated $447 million of free cash flow, which was down 7% on a year-over-year basis primarily driven by lower net income and differences in the timing of cash tax payment. CapEx was 6% of revenue in Q1. Turning to Slide 14. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $11.2 billion, with $2.6 billion in the U.S. We continue to be disciplined capital allocators and align our actions against our capital allocation tenets [ph]. In Q1, we repurchased 10.4 million shares at an average price of $33.65 per share amounting to $350 million in total. This amount is in line with our capital return commitment of a minimum about 50% of free cash flow for the full-year. We ended the quarter with $986 million of share repurchase authorization remaining. We're excited about the recent announcement of our partnership with Flipkart, and we believe our $500 million investment along with the contribution of our eBay India business, significantly improves our competitive position in a strategically important market. We expect this deal to close early in the second half of 2017, and upon deal close we will no longer report active buyer GMV and related financials for eBay India. We do not expect the GMV or financial impact to be material to our overall 2017 results. However, we do expect to remove approximately 4 million buyers from our active buyer reporting. Turning to Q2 guidance on Slide 15. We're projecting revenue between $2.28 billion and $2.32 billion representing organic FX neutral growth of 5% to 7% year-over-year. This growth range takes into account Marketplace volume and revenue growth acceleration offset by StubHub and PayPal operating agreement comparisons. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.43 to $0.45 per share representing year-over-year growth of 0% to 5% on an as reported basis. EPS growth will be driven by revenue growth and the net benefit of our share repurchase program offset by our increased investment to drive improved user experiences and to market our brand. Additionally, we expect foreign exchange to impact us by approximately five points of growth on a year-over-year basis. For Q2, we expect GAAP EPS in the range of $0.20 to $0.40. Our full-year non-GAAP guidance remains unchanged from January as we continue to execute on our strategy to deliver the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform. Our focus through the remainder of the year will be growing our base of active buyers and delivering a significant number of new user experiences to increase traffic and conversion, while facing into tougher lapping with StubHub and our PayPal operating agreement. As a reminder, for the year, we expect revenue in the range of $9.3 billion to $9.5 billion, operating margin of 29% to 31%, a non-GAAP effective tax rate between 20% and 21% and non-GAAP EPS of $1.98 to $2.03 per share. Additionally, we continue to expect CapEx of 7% to 9% of revenue and free cash flow of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. We are increasing our full-year GAAP EPS guidance to $1.80 to $2.20 per share, reflecting the impact of the previously mentioned deferred tax asset recorded this quarter. The difference between our non-GAAP and GAAP EPS primarily consists of amortization of intangible stock-based compensation and tax impacts from our ongoing legal structure realignment. In summary, we're making progress on our plans for the year launching a significant number of new user experiences that are starting to impact our results and drive a healthier ecosystem. While growth may not only be perfectly linear, we expect to deliver acceleration in our Marketplaces platform and exit the year having made significant progress in redefining the eBay user experience and brand. Now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from Barclays. Your question please.
Ross Sandler: Great. Thanks. I had one for Devin and one for Scott. So, Devin, on the macro picture, given how challenging life is becoming for brick-and-mortar retailers right now? How are the conversations with that group or large brands like CPG brands or OEM is changing and is eBay becoming anymore central in 2017 than maybe in years in the past for those constituents? And then, the second question is you called out a momentum in new buyer acquisition. Can you just give us a little color about what's driving that in the U.S and Korea? And is it still the right leading indicator to look at -- to seek evidence of the replatforming kicking in this year? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Yes, Ross, thanks for the question. I will take the first and I will let Scott do the new buyer dynamics. On the overall environment, I guess what I would say is there's no change to our conversation with retailers and there's definite change to our conversations with brands. So vis--vis retailers, it hasn't since the new leadership team took over it hasnt been a core part of our focus. There are some retailers that sell successfully on eBay. Were pleased about those relationships, but we're not looking to expand those relationships aggressively and were more focused on bringing outstanding inventory and where we can direct from the source. I think that the conversation with brands has definitely changed. Theyre now looking at a platform that is doing $20 billion a quarter, it has $169 million active buyers and we are -- I expect that will accelerate the pace of brand acquisitions through this year, meaning there will be more brands that sell directly or through resellers on eBay directly. And those conversations I think have gone very, very well. It's a little bit -- it depends on the category, but I'm really pleased and I think that for brands what they see in eBay is a cost-effective channel to and a very progressive technology partner, which is what they need to navigate the world thats coming. And on active buyer, Scott.
Scott Schenkel: Hey Ross, on active buyers, as we called out we grew active buyers at 4% this quarter, which was a one point acceleration versus last quarter's growth rate. I would call out three primary drivers of that strength. The first is we feel like our new experiences that are being expanded to a larger portion of our buyers are beginning to help. Its showing up in the form of lower churn rates and/or retain buyer base. Second, our structured data pages on SCO are starting to contribute to new buyer growth, and while not at a material scale yet we are seeing early positive signs. And as we step up our brand investments, we see a halo effect across most of our marketing base of traffic. And so, look, the improvements in our buyer funnel have not been linear. I do think that as we look towards the future it might not be linear, but we believe that active buyer growth is one of the metrics to your question that we look at closely and should portend an acceleration in GMV. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Heath Terry: Great. Just a couple of questions. I guess, first, Devin as you guys look deeper into how you want to optimize around advertising, youve talked in the past about getting to a point where the ROIs on the page or conversion rates within the page generate the kind of positive ROIs that you need to more heavily invest in advertising. Can you kind of give us a sense of where you are on that spectrum to the extent thats whats driving the decision to invest more in advertising or marketing? And then, just on StubHub, as we continue to see this gap between GMV and revenue as the transaction rate or take rate improves, can you give us a sense whether or not we should be expecting at some point in the near, medium-term that GMV and revenue growth converge or is there -- do you expect to continue to be able to take rate up over time?
Devin Wenig: Thanks. I will take the first again and I will let Scott second. On advertising marketing generally, we are now in a rapid period of user experience improvements. Im pretty pleased by that. There is never a perfect time to start stepping up your advertising and marketing, but we feel like this is the right time. And we will take the next step this quarter Q2 and for the brand spend you need some time to really measure that properly. It's too soon to know weve made a dramatic impact, but as you heard from Scott, as we stepped up the brand weve seen traffic at a bit better and new buyers get a bit better. So we like that. And we think it is important as Ive said in previous calls to correct any misperceptions about eBay's business today and to set that in the context of a phenomenal e-commerce experience for consumers across segments. So were going to take the next step this quarter and on the other more traditional advertising channels that we've always done things like paid search and social, were now on 18 different social channels and messaging platforms. Were seeing better ROIs. I think we've been doing this for quite a while. We've been pretty good at it and were optimizing those channels very well. So across the piece we are going to lean into this to try to drive traffic and buyers to what we think is now rapidly improving experience. And it's exactly what we said we would do and so far we like the results we see. It's one point I want to stay cautious and as you heard from Scott, it may not just be up from here. But there were a few consecutive quarters of user growth decline and now weve bent that curve and that's what we were hoping and expecting this quarter, so Im pleased with that. On StubHub, Scott.
Devin Wenig: Yes, Heath. On the StubHub take rate and just to what we said, it was 22.3%, an increase of 190 basis points year-over-year, but down 20 basis points quarter-over-quarter with the decrease being -- it is really driven by the decrease in buyer incentives as I called out. I don't really view that as a long-term structural change one way or the other. Really as we look towards the future, we removed our fan rewards program last year and are currently in the process of revamping to a different type of program. And so, I don't expect the take rate to continue to go up nor do I expect that a significant change downwards on our underlying core StubHub U.S platform take rate.
Heath Terry: So will those numbers can -- will those growth rates converge over time given that?
Devin Wenig: I think naturally yes, Heath, they will. Just like we had a period of time in Marketplaces where our GMV and revenue were disconnected you get weird year-over-year comparisons that can drive that, but I don't view that as a long-term thing.
Heath Terry: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Justin Post: Great. I would like to talk about Marketplace take rates. Looks like you had some fee changes, maybe give us the outlook on that? And then the advertising business, how big of an impact can that be and I know you said that MS&O revenues might fall offsetting that benefit, but how do you see the long-term benefit of some of the new ad initiatives that you've taken at this quarter? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Again, we will share it. Let me was first talk about these generally. Were always evaluating our fee structures and we take any change to fees quite seriously. In our Spring Seller release, which was about a month ago, we did make some fee changes. There will be some -- for some sellers an increase in take rate and a bit of a decrease in discounting for certain sellers. The reason we did that are really two reasons. One, this is a year of significant investment in tools that were going to give sellers to optimize their velocity and their margin on the eBay Marketplace. So there will be significant investments and products rolling out around seller hub and also significantly what we're including with our fees going forward for quite a few sellers is promoted listings as part of that package. Now this is important because were seeing rapid growth in our promoted listings business as we take third-party ads of the site in certain areas, particularly our third-party PLA's. That's important for eBay, because it drive to help your ecosystem. It keeps people inside our ecosystem and our Marketplace to transact. It's important for sellers, because it drives additional velocity, and for promoted listings it gives them the ability to promote inventory inside eBay and get additional velocity for some trade-off of margin, but that's now packaged inside the fee. So, basically it's a marginal fee increase in return for what we think are significant seller benefits that they will be getting this year in 2017.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, I think you covered it.
Justin Post: And then on the ad business long-term, are you optimistic switching the types of ads on the site?
Devin Wenig: I'm very optimistic in our advertising business. I think that it's really worth the very beginning were seeing really nice growth in our first-party advertising business. We just really gotten ramping on that. And when you think about a business of our size and our velocity and a business thats doing hundreds of millions of searches a day and a business that has 169 million active buyers, we really do believe that that the advertising business is a great opportunity over time. And weve said that on the previous calls and in this quarter confirms it. Were really pleased with the trajectory of our advertising business.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, maybe a bit more color, Justin. We had 20% more sellers this quarter using our promoted listing product than last quarter. And if you look at the overall -- while the overall contribution revenue isn't that great, again just to call out that that promoted listings will be showing up in take rate not in MS&O revenue. But as we make that shift from third-party ads and removing them and that will reduce MS&O, but certainly our overall broadly termed ad business, I think, I completely agree with that Devin said.
Justin Post: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Robert W. Baird. Your question please.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks and Devin good quarter. I guess, first off a bit of a follow-up, but it seems like a number good things are happening in Q2 in terms of the new homepage, faster buyer growth, the more aggressive ad campaign, but I'm not sure if we can really see that reflected in the quarterly guidance at least. So, I wonder if you can expand on why there might be a little bit of hesitation in terms of seeing those benefits near-term? And then on a related note, are you still expecting the 200 basis points acceleration in Marketplace this year?
Scott Schenkel: Sure. Why dont I take that Colin. I think a couple of things. First off, for Q2, I think it's important to remember that were expecting to see Marketplaces GMV and revenue acceleration within our guidance of the 5% to 7% on organic revenue, which is again similar to this quarter going to be offset by the PayPal operating agreement and the top lapping that StubHub has. And so, as we look at the quarter, I think it's -- the Q2 guidance is right in line with what we expected and I think we feel good based on some of the things that we saw on Q1 heading into Q2. And as we look at the second half of the year, there's really no change in what we told you in January. We still expect a 2 points of Marketplaces volume acceleration for the year to occur based on the changes that were making to our user experience as well as the increased investment levels that were making in brand.
Colin Sebastian: Is there a target percent in terms of the traffic exposed to structured data we should think about for the end of the year, or a step function sometimes during the year? Anything that we could use as a benchmark?
Devin Wenig: We haven't said a number and in part that number will be depending on testing and learning. But as I think I said last quarter, you won't be able to miss it by this holiday and the number will be a lot higher than 7%. There's almost no chance that it won't be. And we are going to rapidly start to -- we are rapidly going to start to expose more traffic and more experiences to these new experiences that we think are performing quite well. So, there isn't a number, but it'll be a lot higher. And keep in mind also were just ramping brand. Were just beginning that spend. That will be -- people will see that meaningfully early this summer when we take the next step. So, there are a lot of irons in the fire like you said, but as Scott also said, we've got some very tough lapping quarters. Remember, a year-ago StubHub was growing mid 30s plus. So the StubHub lapping is super tough for the next couple of quarters. The business is in great shape. I think the business is healthy, but the growth rates are going to get substantially suppressed over the next few quarters. But that doesn't change whats happening in the core Marketplace business which we feel good about.
Colin Sebastian: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS. Your question please.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you so much. Maybe two questions. One for Devin and one for Scott. Devin, in terms of the new users you are seeing come onto the platform, wanted to know if there is anything new youre seeing from them as a cohort analysis in terms of the way they shop, their propensity to shop, the amount of money they spend, anything you want to call out for folks there in terms of how people are coming to eBay now versus a couple of years ago? And then, Scott, on the cost side of the equation, Q2 guide implies another sort of step up on the investments. Weve talked a little bit about that on the call so far. I wanted to know if you could sort of isolate some of the buckets of investments, sort of would be the transition, the advertising business, advertising for user growth and brand, just for people to understand a little bit that the cadence of those numbers in the next couple of quarters? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: On -- its a good question. On the new users, I guess what I would say is it's too soon to ascertain shopping patterns, because remember the cohort is 30 days older, 60 days older, at best 90 days old. So its a little early. But we do think that in terms of who they are demographic segmentation, theyre skewing a little younger and a little more female, which is interesting, And you'll see us market that way in the summer. We certainly think that's an untapped potential. We -- our intention is to improve consideration of the eBay brand among millennials, among women. We have large fire bases there, but were underrepresented relatively to our other segments. So it's encouraging to see more new users come from those segments and we think that's just the beginning of that. But in terms of their shopping behavior, a little early to tell. I think we need a little more longitude to be able to know that.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Eric, on Q2 margin, specifically, I don't think there's really any change with maybe just two highlights to the underlying cost structure as we head into this quarter. First is the product development investments that weve made and we will continue to make to move on the product experiences and activate the things that we've been talking about. And the second part is brand. There will be a ramp, particularly in offline brand advertising throughout the year as weve called out. To date, weve paid for that with efficiencies and productivity within the marketing buckets by and large, and we will continue to do some of that. But some of that will end up bleeding through into the margin line over the course of the next few quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Devin and Scott, I just wanted to follow-up on the Structured Data implementation and improvements. I think you talked about exposing it to 7% of traffic at this point. If you could just elaborate a little bit more in terms of what you're seeing and also on the SEO conversion, which I think you said was holding. And then how do you expect the categories to rollout going forward? How are you prioritizing as you go? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: So were pretty pleased with what weve been seeing on this. In terms of SEO structured data is now 16% of SEO share, which is up and obviously 7% of total traffic which is up for 4%, which we exited last quarter. And I think that as I said to Colin before, that number will go up quite a bit. Conversion, bounce rates all the things we spoken about in previous calls look good as on SEO as weve grown our share, we have not diminished our conversion which is still double digits out in the SEO ecosystem which is great. On organic, we're at par and we're just starting to iterate that. So that's pretty good and gives us the license to go faster, which will do. So I think where we want to be vis--vis categories, we're focusing very much on the categories that you would imagine have the highest impact of catalog. Those are hard good categories, those are electronics, theyre certain home and garden categories. You know, its across the spectrum. I mean, weve issued -- were rolling structured data out across the business, but as we said previously most of our focus is at the head and in hard good type categories where a catalog makes the biggest impact. As you move down the tail, its a unique one-off items type of things that sell uniquely on eBay. Im not saying catalog is irrelevant, but it's not as impactful in areas like that. So we're focused on head categories and hard good categories initially where we're seeing the biggest impact.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thank you, Devin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt from Stifel. Your question please.
Scott Devitt: Thanks. I wanted to ask about the shipping initiative that youre implementing later this year for guarantee [ph]. Just wondering if you can talk about maybe things like the percentage of orders already that are delivered in three days or less, how sellers qualify for the program? What happens to the search results for those that are going to be approved in the program? And maybe the portion of GMV that you anticipate to flow-through something like this over time? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: It's a great question. Keep in mind as we said previously, about two thirds of all items in the U.S today are delivered in three days or less. And we think that that's not well understood, particularly by -- that factors into the consideration of the eBay brand issue. So without a subscription, without charging people extra, were today delivering millions of items in three days or less. So there are really two things that we think are directly implicated by the program that we announce, Scott. One is we are going to expand that inventory, because were asking sellers to opt in. We are getting really good uptake from our sellers, many want to and can, and that will expand the addressable inventory that is deliverable within three days. The second is the user experience, and there will be a change in the user experience where our customers can sort and filter by three days or two days, or even one day. And sometimes they will pay for that, but many times it will be free. As we said, out of those 20 million items, millions of them will be shipped for free. So we do think that there will be -- weve iterated with this in the past with something like fast and free, this is a much more aggressive step to say you'll be able to shop eBay on millions of items and we think in millions of those items will have the best price delivered in three days and delivered in three days for free. We just think this is a way to stick our competitive advantage right out there and have no questions about why people shop on eBay and why they should. So both the product change vis--vis the ability to sort filter and shop by three days or less and an inventory change vis--vis the request that sellers opt in to get that increased exposure. And so far were getting a really nice uptake of sellers. I wouldn't want to yet say what percent of GMV will be covered. I suspect that will change over time anyway, but I hope that we can come out of the gate with a meaningful number, a meaningful portion of GMV covered so that it's an impactful program.
Scott Devitt: And if I could just follow-up, I assume, correct me if Im wrong, but it will be by product within the merchant versus merchants getting approved for all products. Can you just talk about that a little bit in terms of how merchant approval works for the system?
Devin Wenig: It will be merchants opt in a set of inventory. So they may not be able to opt all their inventory, but they will be able to opt in what inventory theyre committing to ship within three days or less.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark May from Citi. Your question please.
Mark May: Thanks. I had a couple, if I could please. I believe you said that youre going to start pointing most of your paid search traffic to new pages shortly. If I heard that right what impact do you think that will have on your return on ad spend? And how does it change your thinking about paid search spending in general? Secondly, in terms of promoted listings. I know youre still relatively early, but the thinking of longer-term there, what are some of the industry benchmarks that we should be thinking about in terms of the percent of GMV that could eventually be spent by sellers on promoted listings? And then if I could just sneak in a housekeeping one. In terms of the 
Devin Wenig: Mark, youre just limited to two -- were just going to limit it to two for now. We got others in the queue. Okay. On paid search, we are -- our plan is to move paid search to structured data pages this quarter, Q2, probably more towards the end of the quarter. So I don't think it will have a big Q2 impact, but our hope is that we will see improved conversion which will result in improved ROI and we operate our paid search business to an ROI curve. So my hope is that's another reason to lean into that. And as Scott said, why are we advertising more, because we think we're getting an impact. We wouldn't advertise, we wouldn't be spending in any channel if we weren't getting an marketing impact. If we can move the ROI curve on paid search further out, thats great. We will put more money into that, we will drive more growth. On promoted listings, you know I wouldn't want to say what percent mark of GMV can move under that. I guess, I just say we are moving from -- we started with a limited number of sellers. We started with multi-SKU inventory only. We will now be expanding to single SKU items. In other words, unique items that will be able to be promoted. They will focus on business sellers, but eventually we don't see any reason why a consumer seller shouldn't be able to promote their item as well. And were really focused on making the product so easy to use that anybody who is on eBay the first time could make the choice to promote that item and happily pay a little bit of their take rate more to get visibility and exposure and hopefully more velocity. So I think it's going to be important and I think it will cover a meaningful portion of our business, but Im not going to predict the number at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Lloyd Wharton Walmsley: Thanks. Two if I can. First, following up on the new buyer growth, you guys called out strength in the U.S and Korea, specifically. Wondering if this is primarily just driven by more advertising in these markets or if there's anything else you could call out driving this strength in those markets? And then, second one if I can, looking at the improvements youre making to user experience and increased adoption of the mobile app, are you seeing any increases in customer frequency or buying across more categories or any other kind of indications of the benefit of the product improvements beyond conversion, any color you could share there would be great?
Scott Schenkel: Id call out a few things and real quickly the new experiences as we parse out our underlying user base. What we see is those new user experiences appear to be helping. It lower our churn rates in our routine buyer base. And the second is the structured data pages that were rolling out in SCO in a small way is starting to attract new buyers to the ecosystem and the step up in the brands impacting, it appears to be impacting across multiple channels. And so, those would be the call out in the active buyers. Obviously in the U.S., weve rolled the most changes to in the last three to six months. And so it's going to index higher on those in that geography versus the others. Specific to your last question, Id say it's too early. To what Devin said earlier, 30, 60, 90 days and with the new set of buyer cohorts, in three or six months will have a much better point of view of whether -- were bringing in buyers that are buying in multiple categories are at a higher level.
Devin Wenig: One more question operator, and then we will wrap up.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question for the day comes from the line of Ron Josey from JMP Securities. Your question please.
Ronald Josey: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to go back, I think Devin you mentioned investments around the Seller Hub to now launch globally, it help sellers manage demand and supply along with insight on pricing. Can you just talk about how Seller Hub has helped grow sellers better manage their business, help eBay better understand their inventory, all of which sort of ties into the better experience and structured data. So just more information on Seller Hub would be helpful. Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Ron, thanks. A lot of this goes back to the decisions that we made a year-ago. Structured data helps this and the decision to invest in a platform, a unified platform that sellers could use is now manifesting itself in a product that we're proud of. It -- as we said last quarter, were growing the number of business sellers on eBay. And part of the reason for that is we think it's a very cost-effective channel with great velocity, but also theyre getting better and better tools, and that's just starting. We are going to do a lot more this year. Using once you have structured data, once youve inventory level visibility, we can then tell sellers here is your velocity in a certain category or your pricing is too high. Youre not moving inventory, because you're not price competitive or if you make these changes then we think you'll get this type of return. So, a lot of -- Seller Hub is a management tool, but it's also a data platform. And what I am most excited about is the ability to give our sellers actionable data to allow them to make better decisions to drive either margin or velocity, their choice, to drive their business and make eBay an incredibly effective channel for them to run their commerce business. I'd also say, keep in mind, that were also giving better tools to C2C sellers. So C2C has been a problem for a while. It's very encouraging to me to now see two consecutive quarters of 3% growth after years of decline. One of the things that were doing, that we talked about is giving consumer sellers the ability to list simply and to manage their listings much, much more elegantly and not churn them because of the complexity of eBay. And were really -- we made progress on that, but Id say were also just at the beginning of that, I expect 2017 to be a year where we give our consumer sellers significant additional tools and listing tools to minimize complexity. So all of this is big investments in our sellers to give them the ability to join eBay and then be successful on our platform. Let's go and wrap up operator. Thank you.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session as well as today's program. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha  Vice President of Investor Relations Devin Wenig  President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Schenkel  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Kramer  Arete Research Colin Sebastian  Robert W. Baird Heath Terry  Goldman Sachs James Cakmak  Monness, Crespi, Hardt Eric Sheridan  UBS Justin Post  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan Mark May  Citi Scott Devitt  Stifel
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBays Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the conference to Selim Freiha, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Selim Freiha: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBays earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter of 2016. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. Were providing a slide presentation to accompany Scotts commentary during the call. We have also included a structure data update in the appendix. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scotts remarks represent FX neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest Company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including expected financial results for the first-quarter and full-year 2017 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the Companys Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SECs website at sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 25, 2017, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon everyone. Quarter four was a record quarter for us, highlighted by solid performance in our eBay business, which benefited from a strong market over the holiday season. Overall, total GMV was up 5% year-on-year, revenue was up 6% and active buyers grew to 167 million. GMV on our Marketplace platform grew at 5% year-on-year, one point growth acceleration while revenue grew at 4%. Our StubHub platform grew volume at 5% and our Classified platform grew revenue at 13%, another quarter of double-digit growth. Finally, we repurchased $1 billion of our shares, taking advantage of share price that we do not believe reflects the long-term value of our company. On our Marketplace platform, volume growth accelerated by two points in the U.S. while international growth was stable. This holiday eBay was one of the top shopping destinations for consumers around the world and was the second most visited ecommerce site in the U.S. We enabled over $5 billion of GMV in the U.S. and over $14 billion globally in this period alone. Performance this quarter was driven by a strong external market and initiatives that enabled us to extend the holiday shopping season later than in past years. Looking at our key verticals, we saw particular strength and fashion, home and garden and collectibles and stable growth in electronics and auto parts and we continue to see benefits from some of ou key strategic priorities including mobile, C2C in our brand. Let me touch on these areas in a bit more detail and give you an update on our structured data initiative. Our mobile platform growth continues to reaccelerate driven by ongoing improvements were making to the customer experience. With the launch of our 55 update in October, our app reviews are the highest theyve ever been. Customers are responding positively to these improvements leading to a three points of marketplace mobile growth acceleration in Q4. Our C2C business is recovering and Q4 was the first quarter of positive C2C growth in nearly three years. Our efforts around simplifying the experience and tailoring pricing in markets like Germany help to drive positive results. We also began expanding our early integration of marketplace inventory into our Classifieds platforms in several new markets. From a brand perspective, we advertised on TV this quarter for the first time in two years, building on the work we did earlier this year to clarify our brand messaging. While its very early in our mission to sharpen and amplify the eBay brand, we saw good traffic growth from new eBay users in our key markets, which is a positive early sign. Finally in our structured data initiative, we grew listings processed to 55% in Q4 up from 48% in the prior quarter. This progress has enabled us to add nearly 60 million unique products to our catalogue this quarter. Users have now generated more than 20 million product reviews in total and we have over 180 million structured data pages live on the site. Despite not aggressively pushing expansion in this holiday quarter, these pages continue to gain share of traffic, now up to 15% of SEO traffic and 4% of total eBay traffic in Q4. Our StubHub platform continues to be well positioned as a leading global ticket marketplace. Q4 was also a record quarter for StubHub with strong MLB and theater performance offset by lapping significant growth acceleration from last year and softer year-over-year NFL volume and a weaker concert landscape. Despite this quarters growth declaration, StubHubs prospects in the U.S. and internationally remained strong. I believe we can continue to maintain our market leading position in the U.S. and our acquisition and ongoing integration of TicketbiS is driving significant international growth. Finally, our Classified platform continues to enjoy double-digit growth with particular strength in key verticals such as motors and real-estate and key markets like Germany, Canada and the UK. Taking a step back and putting Q4 in the context of the full year, we have made great progress against our key strategic priorities to drive the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform while clarifying the eBay brand. This strategy is the foundation that will enable us to transform the eBay experience and build a more resilient and differentiated business over the long-term. To drive the best choice for our consumers, we have adopted a retail focused mindset to more actively managing inventory and marketing around key retail moments. We have also launched key integrations with several partners including inkFrog and BigCommerce enabling a broad set of small and medium sized merchants to scale their businesses on eBay. Sellers are responding to our efforts by bringing more relevant inventory into our marketplace and weve seen accelerating growth in the number of business sellers on eBay throughout 2016. Delivering the most relevant shopping experience is built on our structured data re-platforming effort. On the back of broadening the coverage of structured data throughout the year, we have built and are just beginning the rollout of new consumer experiences that are modern, simple and most important differentiated. By understanding our inventory, we better understand what products to show our consumers and highlight the incredible price and selection advantages that eBay often provides across categories and our product experience is better reflecting our brand promise to enable everyone to find their version of prefect. We have made a number of platform improvements aimed at building a powerful selling platform including launching and scaling our Seller Hub product and releasing a revamp set of seller APIs. We have also made improvements to our listing flows and simplify the consumer selling experience. And finally, we sharpened our brand message, which has enabled us to start shifting our marketing spend up the funnel with new social and owned media and our first TV advertising campaign since 2014. We have delivered against our financial commitments with full year revenue and EPS above the expectations we set coming into 2016 despite FX headwinds. The strong revenue performance also enabled us to invest more significantly in our product and technology, planting seeds in the areas of AI and machine learning that will provide the foundation of our future. We have returned $3 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases at favorable prices, monetized $1.4 billion stake in Mercadolibre and made a series of acquisitions to strengthen our capabilities. Looking forward to 2017, our strategy remains unchanged. We intend to drive even more progress against our key objectives and this is reflected in our guidance, which implies meaningful growth acceleration in our marketplace platform. As we stated previously, repositioning our business is a significant undertaking and it will take time and it is not without risk, but we do believe we are on the right path. We will focus on delivering the best choice by attracting more brands and the right inventory to our platform. In 2017, we plan to deliver a series of enhancements to several of our key verticals beginning with some really exciting improvements to our auto parts buying experience. And we will focus on driving more trust for our consumers by launching a new authentication service later this year. We expect to see a large number of changers in our user experience this year, having built a strong foundation of structured data to support our product efforts. We drove broad coverage globally on branded inventory through 2016 and with the critical mass of listings covered and persistent pages now available. Our focus will shift towards improving the product and integrating our new experiences further into the core of the eBay shopping funnel. We will do this in a smart way minimizing disruption to our platform as we progress. Now, while expansion of listings coverage will continue this year, weve chosen to introduce the next phase of coverage for unbranded and private label inventory on a voluntary basis in mid 2017. Our technology innovation efforts are focused on emerging computing platform shifts such as AI, virtual and augmented reality, distributed commerce and the internet of everywhere. The launch of eBay ShopBot was a great example of early AI innovation leveraging our personalization, image recognition and natural language capabilities. You can expect to see more technology driven innovation in 2017. And we will continue to make eBay a powerful selling platform by delivering enhanced tools and capabilities for sellers to improve their performance and to increase velocity. In 2017 we expect to provide our sellers with data and tools to more effectively manage pricing and promotions including guidance on inventory and demand. And a simplified returns experience. And finally, we plan to be more aggressive in marketing our brand. Pushing more of our marketing dollars up funnel to drive consideration and make eBay the shopping destination of choice. In summary we made significant progress in 2016, while we have more work to do on our multi-year journey to reposition our business. We expect 2017 to be a year of accelerating progress and significant change in our business. eBay has worked to create a market place that is inclusive, fair, fostered by global trade and empowered by small business entrepreneurship. These will be the key tenants of how we approach our business going forward. And while it is not yet entirely clear how global political or regulatory changes might impact our business, none of what we see on the horizon changes our strategy to deliver the best choice, the most relevant and a powerful selling platform. Now, let me turn it over to Scott, to provide more details on our quarter and on our 2017 guidance.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks Devin. Lets begin with Q4, performance starting on Slide 4, of the earnings presentation. In Q4, we generated $2.4 billion of total revenue, $0.54 of non-GAAP EPS, $484 million in free cash flow, and we repurchased $1 billion of our stock. Lets start with Q4 active buyers on Slide 5. In the quarter, trailing 12-month growth was 3% year-over-year resulting in 2 million more active buyers. The underlying cohort dynamics show retained buyers at consistent positive growth driven by stable churn rates. Our re-activated buyers have also grown at a rate similar to prior quarters. And new buyer growth, while still negative is starting to see more favorable trends in the last few months. On Slide 6 in Q4, we enabled $22.3 billion of GMV, up 5%. By geography, the U.S. generated $9.1 billion of GMV, up 3%, while international delivered $13.2 billion of GMV, up 7% year-over-year. Moving to revenue, we generated net revenues of $2.4 billion, up 6% decelerating 2 points sequentially driven by 1 point of lapping last quarters VAT settlement and 1 point of lapping strong growth at StubHub last year. We delivered $1.9 billion of transaction revenue, up 6% and $519 million of MS, marketing services and other revenue, up 5%. Transitioning to our Marketplaces platform on Slide 8, Q4 GMV grew 5% accelerating 1 point versus Q3. U.S. GMV accelerated 2 points quarter-over-quarter to 3% and international GMV continued growing at 7%, both benefiting from a strong finish to our holiday season. And as Devin discussed improvements in mobile, C2C, and structured data. More specifically on structured data, we have processed 55% of relevant listings to date, while the total base of listings has grown 40% over the same time period. We have created 180 million structured data enabled pages, that are being surfaced through SCO which further accelerated in Q4, and now through organic channels. Total Marketplace revenue was $1.9 billion, up 4% year-over-year, a 1 point deceleration versus prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 5%, inline with GMV and there was minimal impact to transaction revenue from promotional spend classified as contra. Marketing services and other revenue declined 1%, decelerating 6 points versus Q3, driven by a full quarter of comps from the PayPal operating agreement revenue as well as the shift from our advertising business from off-eBay ads to on-eBay ads.  As a reminder, the PayPal operating agreement contributed roughly 1 point of growth to total revenue in 2016 and this will continue to be a headwind in the first half of 2017. For the full-year the marketplace platform generated $79 billion of GMV up 5% and $7.2 billion in revenue up 4%. Moving to Slide 9, StubHub GMV grew 5% decelerating 18 points from Q3 as we lapped the full quarter of the pricing display and product changes from 2015. In addition, we face some headwinds from a weaker event landscape in December. StubHub revenue grew 20% down 12 points versus Q3 driven by volume offset by revenue from the TicketbiS acquisition. In 2016 StubHub grew GMV 21% to $4.3 billion and increased revenue 30% to $944 million. Moving to Slide 10. In Q4, Classifieds had another double-digit quarter, growing revenue 13% year-over-year. Growth in the automotive and real estate verticals in key markets, strength in engagement metrics and improvement in mobile apps continue to aid Classifieds despite lower advertising monetization from the ongoing traffic shift to mobile apps. Our Classifieds platform continues to innovate and to serve the 250 million monthly unique visitors that come to our site, across 11 brands in 15 countries. For the full-year Classifieds generated $791 million of revenue up 15%. Turning to Slide 11 and major cost drivers, in Q4 we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 31.9%, which is down 250 basis points versus last year. A stronger U.S. dollar negatively impacted margin by 170 basis points and was felt across all spend categories. So Ill focus my comments on the operational dynamics of our expenses. Cost of revenue increased year-over-year driven by technology infrastructure investments related to growth in product and engineering. Q4 sales and marketing expense was down slightly in total as productivity, was partially offset by reallocations across channels and platforms to help fund our marketplace brand advertising efforts. As we have previously mentioned, we will continue to be disciplined about our marketing investments and we will optimize across all our channels to get the most efficient ROI, whether those channels are accounted for as contra revenue or expense. Product development was up from continued investments in our product experiences across all of our platforms. G&A expense was up year-over-year as operating leverage was more than offset by acquisition and disposition related costs. For the year, operating margin was 31.1% down 250 basis points. Foreign exchange impacted full-year margin by 160 basis points and the remaining impact was from incremental investments in product development and stand-up costs. Before moving to Q4 EPS, I wanted to highlight two topics, taxes and hedging. We are continually evaluating our legal structure in the way we manage and operate our platforms. During Q4, we began the process of realigning our legal structure, which is expected to continue into 2018 primarily impacting our international entities. We are considering many factors and evaluating this realignment including foreign exchange exposures, long-term cash flows and needs of our platforms, capital allocation considerations and the associated tax effects. As a result, of the initial stages of this re-alignment we recorded a non-cash GAAP income tax benefit of approximately $4.6 billion in Q4 to recognize a differed tax asset. The non-cash amortization of this deferred tax asset will significantly impact our GAAP tax rate going forward. But has no impact on our free cash flow or our non-GAAP tax rate. As we have discussed in the past, post separation due to hedge accounting considerations our revenue was fully exposed to currency movements. However our hedging program allowed us to economically protect net income, helping to reduce the 160 basis points of foreign exchange impact on 2016 operating margin by 70 basis points. Therefore the impact on net profit margin was only about 90 basis points. Re-alignment of our legal structure and U.S. GAAP considerations resulted in us to having to replace our existing hedging program with a new hedging program. Implementing a new hedge strategy required us to start unwinding the existing program resulting in a Q4 gain of $16 million from the termination of certain cash flow hedges. Beginning in the second half of 2017, we will start to utilize hedge accounting to protect revenue from currency movements, which is intended to reduce the volatility of our top line from foreign exchange. We will complete the transition of our hedging programs by the end of the first half of 2017. Turning now to EPS on Slide 12, in Q4 we delivered $0.54 in non-GAAP EPS, up $0.04 versus prior year, driven by revenue growth and the net benefit of share repurchases, partially offset by the impact of a stronger US dollar. In Q4, GAAP EPS was $5.31, up $4.88 versus last year. The increase in GAAP EPS was driven by aforementioned realignment of our legal structure, as well as the sale of our stake in MercadoLibre. As always, you can find a detailed reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and our earnings presentation. On Slide 13, in Q4 we generated $484 million of free cash flow, inclusive of $272 million of cash taxes paid on the sale of our stake in MercadoLibre. As a reminder the proceeds from the sale are included in the investing activities on the statement of cash flows, while the cash taxes paid are included in the operating activities. Full year free cash flow was $2.2 billion. CapEx was 6% of revenue in Q4 and we finished the full year at 7%. CapEx was at the low end of our guidance range partially driven by the timing of some investments that we now expect to happen in 2017. Turning to Slide 14, we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $11 billion, with $2.8 billion in the U.S. In Q4 weve repurchased 34.6 million shares at an average price of $28.93 per share, amounting to $1 billion in total. This brings our repurchases for the year to $3 billion and repurchases since separation to $4.2 billion or approximately 13% of the shares outstanding. We ended the quarter with $1.3 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. As we wrap up the year I would like to remind everyone of our capital allocation policy which we believe strides the most value for our customers, shareholders and employees our policy is several key tenets including focusing on long-term value creation while making sure we offer the resources to execute our strategy driving growth while balancing profitability supplementing organic growth plans with disciplined acquisitions and investments, and optimizing financial flexibility, access to debt and cost of capital. Heading into 2017 these principles will continue to guide our capital allocation while there are many macroeconomic uncertainties we will be disciplined in our investments and potential acquisition and we expect to return capital to shareholders and a minimum of 50% of our pre-cash flow in the former share repurchase inclusive of the dilution offset. Before turning to guidance and like to highlight some changes in disclosure. First, in order to align our internal operations and how we talk about the business we have started reporting B2C and C2C growth and we will no longer report fixed price and auction format growth however we will continue to provide the format split on our website. Second, structured data will continue to be a critical enabler of our business as Devin mentioned the focus in 2017 will shift towards exposing our new experiences to more traffic and driving data quality to improve execution  conversion. While continuing to make progress on penetration of structured data, we will no longer be disclosing the operational input metrics of listings coverage and percent process. We will be providing quantitative updates and qualitative updates on output measures such as traffic and conversion. Moving to full-year guidance on Slide 15, were projecting 2017 revenue between $9.3 billion and $9.5 billion growing 6% to 8%. The midpoint of our projected growth assumes roughly two points of acceleration in the marketplace platform partially offset by the tougher comps for StubHub and PayPal operating agreement revenue. We expect operating margin of 29% to 31%% for the year widget the midpoint is roughly 110 basis points lower than 2016 due to the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar as well as incremental investments in product development and marketing. The increase product development cost investments will focus on our new shopping experiences C2C and enhancements to key verticals. We will also continue to invest in marketing, particularly brand advertising to grow our active buyers and do increase consideration in GMV. We are projecting non-GAAP EPS of $1.98 to $2.03 per share, up 5% to 8% as reported versus last year. The impact of the stronger U.S. dollar will cost is roughly six points of EPS growth. Finally, we expect non-GAAP effective tax rate of 20% to 21% CapEx of 7% to 9% of revenue in free cash flow of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. Full-year GAAP EPS is projected to be 120 to 140 per share GAAP EPS is impacted by the same drivers as non-GAAP EPS in addition to the amortization of intangibles stock-based compensation and the amortization from our previously discussed deferred tax assets. Turning to Q1 guidance on Slide 16. For Q1 we are projecting revenue between $2.17 billion and $2.21 billion growing 4% to 6% year-over-year, which at the midpoint is a one point deceleration versus Q4, due to leap year lapping. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.46 to $0.48 per share, representing negative 2% to positive 2% as reported year-over-year growth. EPS is driven by the net benefit of our share repurchase program and revenue growth offset by the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar and the lapping of a Q1 2016 insurance recovery. In summary, 2016 was a year focused on our strategy to provide the best choice most relevant and powerful selling platform to our users. While replatforming the business we said we would  growth would be constrained, but the investments in marketplace platform and marketing have already started delivering some benefits. Along the way we have remained disciplined capital allocators returning 3 billion to shareholders in the former share repurchases and realigning significant  and realizing significant gains from our investments in MercadoLibre and Snapdeal. We also executed several deals to further tech and talent and geographic expansion. Within the year our revenue grew 7% versus the 2% to 5% range we expected coming into 2016 and we levered 3% EPS growth in the face of foreign exchange headwinds an incremental investments. Heading into 2017 we will stay consistent in our approach executing our strategy delivering better experiences to our customers and returning capital to shareholders. Now wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Richard Kramer of Arete Research, your line is now open.
Richard Kramer: Thanks very much guys. Two questions about sort of longer-term strategy. The first one in the context of the user experience changes you mentioned Devin but also the global buyer base that you have how aggressively might you pursue growth in your advertising business in 2017? How much of that is a part of this reacceleration in marketplace? And second weve seen some of the other large marketplaces shift focus away from GMV and more towards sort of marketing services trying to help sellers be more successful on the platform maybe tapping into promotion budgets given some of the initiative you just laid out for 2017, could you see eBay getting reengaged in the sort of marketing services almost GSI type business that you want divested? Is there something that is now coming back into focus? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Yes on the second its likely that we well have different forms of modernization including potentially different services but not if it involves software deployment. It was my decision ultimately to dispose of GSI and that platform in large part because we are an Internet company not a B2B software company and I just dont think thats the business we should be running. But if you look at what other marketplaces have done theyve offered other services and I would never say never to that is not directly in our 2017 plan however advertising as. Is a good call out. We are very excited about our plan basically to continue the shift from third-party ads to first-party ads. What that means largely is that historically weve taken a large amount of our ads from third parties and that drove our users off of eBay to their experience we try to do that anyway that maximized the user experience, the buyer experience but increasingly were seeing good results from internal ads, ads from eBay sellers promoting their inventory in our search results and in other places on our site. And for us thats a really, really good flywheel because keeps our buyers inside our marketplace, it allows us to create a new stream of monetization and it allows our sellers to buy up for promotional activities. So therell be a big shift in the direction this year. It will start to show up in 2017 but it is certainly part of our future plans to accelerate our advertising growth.
Devin Wenig: [Indiscernible]
Richard Kramer: Then maybe one quick follow-up.
Devin Wenig: Yes I was going to say just one.
Richard Kramer: And may be one quick one for Scott. Can you talk at all if youre going to spend half of your free cash flow on buybacks can you talk about the priorities for the other half since it seems that youll just keep piling up cash if you dont spend a bit more than that on buybacks.
Devin Wenig: Id read the entire to capital allocation statement weve made. Its only buybacks we return capital to our shareholders when we think we have excess capital and I think weve done a good job buying our stock back at prices that we dont think reflects long-term value of the company, however, theres no doubt that acquisitions will be part of what we do in 2019. It was a relatively small part of what we did in 2016 but we did a series of acquisitions. We extended StubHubs business, we brought in Tech and Talent [ph] as you heard Scott say. Undoubtedly there opportunities were running the company to the long-term we want to keep adding to our capabilities and extending our breath and we have a very strong balance sheet and free cash flow. So you can expect us to invest in the business as you heard from Scott 7% to 9% of revenue. You can expect us to do acquisitions but were smart acquirers and where those  where we have excess cash above those two we will be aggressive about returning capital to shareholders like we were in Q4. 
Scott Schenkel: Rich may be to your other question. Just to point out something on promoted listings. Weve been talking about promoted listings for over a year closer to probably 18 months and what we been talking about is a very nascent product that were experiencing with. The we launched it and started to scale it. And I think this year we have a lot of confidence that not only the tools that we are providing sellers to be able to use and bulk upload to be able to manage those promoted listings, but is that scales and scales across different countries as well we feel really good about that. But Id like to just point out that wont show up in MS now [ph] and so while it is effectively first party advertising the way you might think about it the way you account for it because ultimately you paid on a transaction that does end up and take rate in transaction revenue.
Richard Kramer: Okay thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian of Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Colin Sebastian: Thanks guys. And its encouraging to hear about the acceleration of volume growth that youre expecting in the year ahead. So related to that can we assume that you are still seeing similar benefits in the higher conversion rates from the new product pages and then how quickly should we expect you to ramp up the portion of traffic seeing the new pages from the 4% level Devin that you mentioned?
Devin Wenig: Sorry Colin. Thanks. We are seeing similar benefits so weve added a lot of pages were still building and deploying a lot of these new experiences and as I said in my remarks were up to 4% of traffic which is pretty small so the impact in the quarter is still been really  its hard to see given how small the traffic is. On the Edge and SCO we are still seeing the gains that we talked about the last quarter. Theres really been no degradation. As we experimented with moving those inside as you would imagine conversion rates goes down as I said last quarter also I think it one of the questions that I got I wouldnt  if you multiply 10% conversion gains and the compounding effect of across the whole site the numbers would be monstrous. We dont expect to see those type of conversion rates as we move the experiences into the core shopping funnel. Theyre competing with much higher converting experiences like our search results as you would imagine but we are optimistic that these are really good consumer game changing experiences and we will be aggressive subject to we dont want to disrupt the business. We think that 4% will grow quarter-by-quarter. You will begin to see it instead of me talking about it when you go on eBay you will begin to see these new structured data pages further in the core shopping funnel, whether its on the homepage or in search results or even in the view item. You will start to see the benefits of that. So we are going to be aggressive will do it intelligently. Were seeing good gains and it certainly implicit in some of what we have talked about vis--vis acceleration of the core business.
Colin Sebastian: Okay. And then maybe one quick follow-up related to the shift towards advertising. I guess should we make any influence from that in terms of changes in the commission or take rate structure of the marketplace? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: You want to take that?
Scott Schenkel: Yes, no I dont think structurally  what I would point to in terms of our overall take rate  if you point to the Q4 take rate as maybe a proxy. What you saw in marketplaces take rate specific to marketplaces is you always have the normal mix shift in the variability between what products are selling and sellers in countries et cetera. But what you saw was about a 7.6% take rate and about 10%  10 basis points of the decline that was year-over-year was largely driven by pricing. And I would point towards some of the consumer pricing that Devin and I spoke about in our prepared remarks where we are experimenting and changing the way we incent consumer sellers to buy and sell on our site. And that is  thats something that I think well continue to see but whether that relates back to the overall advertising and a structural take rate shift I dont think so.
Colin Sebastian: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks. So with the new disclosure particularly the decision to breakout B2B or B2C versus C2C, can you give us a sense given the broad spectrum of the type of sellers that you have on the platform how you are going to draw the line between B2C and C2C where youre going to consider consumers that are either heavy sellers versus small businesses and how the incentive structure that you planned to put into place for consumer sellers potentially impact that. And then just on the take rate point can you give us a sense of what contra revenue  what level of contra revenue items promotions were used this quarter?
Scott Schenkel: Sure. So a couple  obviously several points in there  a couple of things first let me start at the macro. The reason were switching again is its really the way we always try and talk to  and the way we run the business. And so instead of point it due to fixed price and options is a proxy quarter-to-quarter we just said look but be real clear about what is. And so when we look at marketplace specific B2C growth quarter  this quarter we were at 6% and that was flat with prior quarter. And C2C it actually accelerated by five points out of the negative to up to 3%. And so back to my comment on the incentives that we are driving for consumers, we feel like that starting  as well as some of the services that we are providing that starting to make nice impact. As it relates to quantification it actually depends by country whether you are qualified as a B2C or a C2C seller. In some countries to be B2C seller you must register, generally speaking the split is that 10,000 a year, all right. When you think about our overall GMV about 80% of our GMV is through B2C sellers that do over $10,000 a and the rest is 20% thats less that.
Devin Wenig: All right, was there I forget, was there any other question in there?
Heath Terry: No.
Devin Wenig: Okay, next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Cakmak of Monness, Crespi, Hardt. Your line is now open.
James Cakmak: Hi, thanks. Devin, you use the word accelerate several times, just trying to understand we saw good traction in the first half of this year and but then the tone kind of did change to a more longer term turnarounds in the third quarter. Can you just explain kind of what happened in the last three months that gives you that much more confidence that things going to be as fruitful as the fourth quarter was. And then secondly, just can you remind us what the international cash balances versus domestic?
Devin Wenig: Scott will take that let me take the first part. I try to keep consistent in tone throughout the year. I know our stock prices has been volatility its been up and down. And I think sometimes it gets  my tone gets interpreted ex-post facto based on what the share price does. But honestly Ive tried to  I think that our guidance and our performance has been relatively consistent. And were trying to do that now but I guess [indiscernible] in your question is less tone and just why you are giving the guidance you are giving. I mean look, the biggest contributor, there are some assumptions in our guidance. We saw good market in Q4 obviously we saw a good holiday shopping season and were counting on a relatively healthy consumer and a relatively strong season that continue. Were hopeful of that around the world particularly in the U.S. where we saw two points of acceleration. And second is we have a lot of initiatives which well bringing to bear and the things that are getting some traction, mobile is getting some traction. C2C is getting some traction we just started our journey on the brand, which we hope over time will improve traffic and new buyers. So I dont want to be  we certainly dont want to be giddy this is not without risks lets be really clear were not growing how we want to grow even within this guidance we should  I want us to be growing faster, however, we always said this was a journey we never said it was going to be perfectly smooth quarter to quarter. We try to keep the tone level and thats what were doing again I want to be super clear about that. And not get people hot, not get people cold. We are making progress that progress will take time it is not without risks but were happy with where we are and were on the right track. Scott, you want to just address the cash balance?
Scott Schenkel: Look, we have $1.2 billion in international cash at this point and $2.8 billion in the U.S.?
James Cakmak: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan of UBS. Your line is now open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe two, one you call out investments on the product side  on the development side, wanted to get a little more granularity about what are those investments are they going to be lumpy or are they going to be relatively linear as we go into 2017 versus 2016. And then also on the deceleration youre calling out from StubHub and the Classifieds business thats actually better than we wouldve thought given the very strong growth we saw in StubHub in 2016. Any color you can give on what informed you give on the deceleration trends and how that worked into guidance? Thanks guys.
Devin Wenig: I will do the product and then Scott, can talk about the de-accel from StubHub and ECG. The product is largely people, headcount and engineering resource. It isnt  it shouldnt be lumpy. Most of the operating investment as opposed to CapEx is  it will scale through the year but its not I dont think they are going to be big swings and peaks, its investment in people. We grown our product and development resource both through acquisition some of the tech and talent acquisitions weve done and organically we hired really good people. Theyre clear about what they need to get done. And to me putting aside the cost and more on the impact which is where Im very focused my goal is that today weve shown slides and there are 180 million pages out there. So we built these things they are real but because they are sitting at the edge more often than not when I meet with both customers and investors I have to show them what were doing. Its not entirely clear when you just go to our site or you go to our mobile apps. By the end of this year, certainly our journey is not done. I mean this is a multiyear journey but you will be able to see it. There will be meaningful changes to our homepage there will be meaningful changes to our search results page, there will be meaningful pages to our browse pages. You wont be able to miss that eBay is changing in 2017. And thats where the investment is going. Scott, you want to take the de-accel?
Scott Schenkel: Yes, so a couple of things, maybe first lets step back and think about the long-term of these two businesses. We feel very good about both of these businesses, specific the Classifieds. Why they commented on the deceleration quarter-to-quarter, we did not anticipate a structural change in underlying growth of that business. That business has been mid to low  double-digits in the teens for the last few years and we expect that to continue. And so my comment there was more about quarter-to-quarter. Theres always going to be quarter-to-quarter comping dynamics in you and your growth dynamics that will explain but just structural as we think about it. Really for StubHub, this next year were going to have three, four quarters of pretty tough comps for the StubHub business but as we look towards the long-term and the efforts that we have going, not only in the product and the deals that we are doing there. But also in the international expansion. Were very bullish on that business and when Ive called out  pretty much every quarter that will be facing some degree of lapping to the tune of about one point from StubHub over the next year and we will update to each quarter in terms of how things are going. The other things Id point it too, in terms of whats putting some pressure on I called it out in the prepared remarks is the operating agreement. So weve got about half a point is little bit more than a point  little bit more than half a point of year-on-year lapping in revenue. And that will be about a point each quarter in the first half and then will be fully out of the lapping with operating agreements in the second half. Thats another dynamic that we are facing into. Underlying that what were telling you in our guidance is that marketplace we expect to accelerate two points year-over-year, one to two points year-over-year and thats on the basis of all the things that Devin just talked about.
Eric Sheridan: Just a final note on StubHub just remember also in addition to the lapping the wall that they created last year, its an events business. And there somewhat subject to the events landscape and on quarter four, it was a light concert lineup and that is what it is. The market position, competitive position is outstanding. We think that will continue but if they are not great events in StubHub obviously has that to deal with  thats out of their control depending on who Im about to insult this Super Bowl may not be the most exciting Super Bowl in the world we will see, I hope it is. But its things like that its StubHub cant control but I worry about their market position and competitiveness which hasnt changed.
Scott Schenkel: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Justin Post: Great. Since youve separated from PayPal weve been watching the margins and youre guiding 29% to 31%. Are there any abnormal expenses this year that youll lack next year that might help with that besides FX or anything unusual? How do you think about it five years from now? And the second question, theres been thoughts about border tax out there. Obviously you are a commission business, but how do you think something like that might impact volumes for eBay? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yes. Lets start with the latter question first. Look, I think its important obviously everyone has questions, but we dont know what the timing or implications or substance of any tax reform or border taxation might be; its very much in the air. Thats not to say that we arent modeling scenarios and looking at the impacts that we dont know about yet, just trying to get a sense. So I think its a bit too early to comment or provide much clarity. I would just go to our model that you pointed out in your question. Our model is different than a traditional retailer or e-trailer. And say you would expected to have a little bit different dynamic on our underlying financials that if anything was done. How I think about it in the data points I point to we talked about in the past that CBT is a little bit less than 20% of our overall GMV, so thats product going between borders that might be exposed to a  but theres no single quarter in that number thats greater than a third, right. So if a border tax was implemented there would be some considerations like replacement or cannibalization or other alternatives that get provided. And then there would be the border tax implication. So we will work through that as we get clarity. To your first point on margins, so 29% to 31% midpoint of 30% are there unusuals or structural things this year  this coming year? I would point to each quarter we try and be transparent with what goes into our results. Last quarter there was a VAT adjustment. This quarter there was an adjustment for de-designation of hedges due to the change in our hedging strategy. Beginning of the year there were other items. Are they material in any given quarter? They can drive a point. Is it structural in nature and something that weve included in our guidance? Yes, its in their. Is that long-term and structural? No. Devin, I dont know if you want to talk about kind of the longer  how we think about the longer term structure though.
Devin Wenig: Ive said consistently that just given the competitive nature of the industry we operate in, given the size of the industry we operate in, and given the opportunities, we try to balance investment and ROI, but I dont look at the long-term margin play here, I dont look at the margin of the business going up materially. In the face  in the last 12 months weve had one guiding principle which is increase the competitiveness of the business and in the face of an FX deterioration of the margin weve invested into that rather than try to hang onto a margin at the expense of our consumer  customer experience. So we will watch the margin very carefully. Were not at all flippant about it. But we dont wake up in the morning managing the margin. Ive said that before and I want to be super clear about that. I wake up in the morning not hanging onto every bit of margin. I want to invest enough that we can build a differentiated competitive business with adequate growth in the long run. What is that mean? I think its too soon to tell. But I dont think you should expect the margin to go up materially over the next several years.
Scott Schenkel: And just a point on that. So for 2017 our margin  as I said it was 29% to 31%. Thats 110 basis points down versus 2016 and half of that is foreign exchange and the other half is the product development and the marketing investments that we talked about. So relatively small erosion year-over-year from investments that we are going to make  to drive the growth that we are committing to. And what weve said is we dont wake up like Devin said but we will remain disciplined as we think about additional investments to make sure that those returns are good. And I think weve proven that we can do that over the last 18 months.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. You mentioned that conversion rates are essentially in line with the 10% youve discussed in the past, the increase is from structured data. Can you just talk about some of the key learnings youve had as you expose more pages, then also whether theres any difference between desktop and mobile as that rollout progresses. And then, Devin, I think you also just mentioned about actively managing inventory more around key moments. Can you elaborate on that a little bit? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Yes, just quickly. So, as I said the 10% is that about edges in SCO. Those numbers come down quite a bit. And when you compete with well converting search pages the conversion is similar right now to the non-structured data pages. So we have some work to do when were competing with our best converting pages. At the edge its 10% all the way into the hardest comps at zero and its kind of a spectrum as you move out from there. So we are still seeing gains but not all of it. As Ive said consistently is 10%. That would be remarkable. And frankly, Im really pleased that we are getting 10% even at the edge. I mean, if we even got  if we got anything meaningful even low single digits as we move into the core that will be a great lever to reaccelerate the business. So what did we learn  what weve learned as we need to be careful and we need to be focused about moving these hundreds of millions of pages into our core because 167 million people are using eBay today pretty effectively. So, thats why we are being aggressive but smart about how we do it. The second part of the question was on managing inventory. So look, one of the great benefits of understanding your inventory which is really the uber purpose of doing structured data; is that we can start to manage inventory even though we dont own it like a retailer. What that means is getting great guidance on what is in demand; what is our price versus our competitors; where do we have gaps based on, say, our search results. And we began the journey this holiday of stepping into those gaps, going out to sellers in real-time saying we need Apple watches or we need AirPods or we need whatever because its in demand or youve got your inventory on the site, its at too high a price, we need you to lower it and then we will promote it. Were starting to be able to manage peaks and troughs. Its not that we were blind on that its just that if you dont know what you are selling it becomes impossible to action those retail moments. Its increasingly the fog is lifting on supply and demand at those moments and that allows us to step into that to maximize the efficiency of the marketplace. I think your final question was just mobile desktop, not a lot of difference right now that were seeing on structured data pages.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark May of Citi. Your line is now open.
Mark May: Thanks. I appreciate it. Just a couple here. I think you mentioned about ramping up TV advertising at the end of the year for the first time in a couple years. I noticed that the active buyer growth was a little slower than in some of the recent quarters and the 2 million ads was kind of less than  a little bit less than what you added in Q4 of 2015. Just kind of wondering if you could talk a little bit about the dynamics that were driving the active buyer number that you reported in. Is that a metric that you also anticipate kind of accelerating throughout the year? And a question on the buyback commentary; if Im reading it correctly, it looks like youre kind of guiding for somewhere around maybe a little over $1 billion in buybacks for the year. You purchased  repurchased nearly $3 billion last year. Can you shed a little more light into why youre guiding for such a slowdown, you just purchased $1 billion just in the last quarter alone? Does that have something to do with the limitations up until July and you are not really factoring in the second half potential activity or what? Thanks a lot.
Scott Schenkel: Hi, Mark. Ill take both of those. First off on the second one first. Yes, so the guidance as I said is a minimum of a $1 billion. The consideration for July is out there. Its something that were thinking about. And the way I would think about it is thats our programmatic commitment and well move from there depending on a lot of things, plus timing and July deadlines, before thats clear. On the second one, its a great question on active buyers. Look, bear with me for a second and I will kind of dig down into active buyer growth. So our active buyer growth at $3 million  at $165 million  what $167 million up $5 million year-on-year and $2 million quarter-on-quarter, I explained I wont rehash the cohort dynamic that I had in my script. But if you remove StubHub and you remove India, and you just talk about the core business of marketplaces in the major markets where we started to do advertising in late Q3 and early Q4, what we started to see on a trailing three-month basis is some acceleration in trailing three-month growth which is a green shoots for us and obviously I dont like having to go, take-up StubHub, take out India to explain it. But thats what we think, thats where we draw some of our conclusion and confidence about moving that metric going forward because that is certainly a metric that we called out today and we called out in the past that we expect to move not only from our marketing and branding campaigns but some of the other initiatives that we talked about.
Mark May: Great. Thats helpful. And just one last one. Again on advertising you talked about ramping TV at the end of the year. But Im looking at your sales and marketing expenses were up only like 1% year-on-year and decelerated quite a bit from the recent quarters. Are you seeing leverage in other items inside of sales and marketing that you will continue to benefit from this year?
Scott Schenkel: Yes, absolutely. I kind of called out in my prepared remarks. The total is exactly the dynamic that you called out. But what weve been doing is between platforms and within platform and within different channels weve been shifting. Weve been talking about that were shifting to brand and so weve effectively done is reduced spend in other areas that we felt had lower ROI or that was less strategic, and shifted into the brand campaign in the core marketplaces business, and that was true across platforms and into the marketplaces platform. And on the other side we continue to expand channels like social and other aspects to try and make sure that our traffic that we are generating from structured data and the SCO channel to social is expanding and providing us the capability to not only attract new users but to drive active user growth and active buyer growth as we talked about.
Mark May: Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt of Stifel. Your line is now open.
Scott Devitt: Hi, thanks. Devin, you mentioned earlier acquisitions in terms of capital allocations, just wondering if theres any areas in the business that you find particularly useful from an inorganic standpoint whether thats classified StubHub, marketplace tuck-in and or the text stack, AI. And then also as it relates to the capital allocation, any changes in view on dividend? And finally the last question is with timing of the PayPal operating agreement when that does expire and should we expect any material changes to the agreement when that happens?
Devin Wenig: Thats a doozy last question, Scott. Well done. Lets see, taking them in turn, first of all vis--vis acquisitions. I think all three are in the fall StubHub, eBay and Classifieds. I just point to more tech and talent, expect us to focus on what I think of the emerging major computing platform shifts I mentioned in my remarks. AI is really important to us. VR and AR are not a toy, we want to be early. And the Internet of things, the Internet of everywhere distributed commerce also important. You can expect us to be active in all of those areas. Expanding geographically in all of our platforms we are always looking out. And it also say there may be interesting opportunities vertically for eBay, in particular weve seen the success of StubHub as a vertical category that benefits from the ownership of eBay, other verticals were some brand might make sense of sub experience, were looking at that right now. So well be disciplined but you can certainly expect M&A to be part of our story in 2017. On dividend theres no change to where we are; nothing has changed from our last position. And on PayPal, look, I will just say, obviously everyone knows that it was a five-year agreement that we signed 18 months ago. PayPal is a really good partner. We appreciate working with them. Theyve been a good payment provider for us for well before and well after we spun PayPal out as an operating entity. And as we go forward we will evaluate our options, obviously, you would expect us to look at all of our choices and options as that agreement rolls closer to its  to the date that it rolls off, but we still got a bit of time for that. So thats where we are.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thats all the time we have for questions. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-19 18:30:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - VP, IR Devin Wenig - President and CEO Scott Schenkel - SVP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Carlos Kirjner - Bernstein Eric Sheridan - UBS Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Colin Sebastian - Robert Baird Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Kunal Madhukar - SunTrust Mark May - Citi Mark Mahaney - RBC Scott Devitt - Stifel Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBay Third-Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the floor over to Selim Freiha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Selim Freiha: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2016. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Scott's commentary during the call. We've also included a structure data update in the appendix. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's prepared remarks represent FX neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investors.eBayInc.com. You can visit our investor relations website for the latest Company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including expected financial results for the fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the Company's investor relations website at investors.eBayInc.com or the SEC's website at SEC.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 19th, 2016, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon, everyone. We delivered good top and bottom line financial results in Q3, led by consistent performance in our core eBay platform and strong growth from StubHub and Classifieds. We made progress on our strategy, began activating our new brand marketing messages and we readied our organization to execute in the upcoming holiday quarter. Overall, total GMV was up 5% for the quarter, while revenue was up 8%. GMV decelerated modestly while revenue accelerated a point. GMV deceleration was driven primarily by StubHub lapping last year's product changes, and in part by the shift of marketing spend to longer cycle brand investments on our Marketplace platform. The revenue acceleration was driven primarily by lower contra revenue spend and a VAT settlement. Active buyer growth was 3% and we added over 1 million additional buyers to our platforms in Q3. GMV on our Marketplace platform grew at 4%, while StubHub grew volume at 23%. And our Classified platform grew revenue at 14%. Finally, we repurchased $0.5 billion of our stock, and we closed several key acquisitions that we announced over the last several months. On our Marketplace platform, we continue to make steady progress against our strategy to drive the best choice, the most relevance and the most powerful selling platform. In Q3 we signed several new strategic brand partners, including Mattel, Fender, Qualcomm and Magic Chef, enhancing our efforts to drive more choice for our consumers. Using our data, we're also increasingly reaching out to our sellers to prompt them to source and list in-demand goods where we see gaps in supply. And finally, in the past several months we've launched several new curated vertical experiences in Fashion; and Home and Garden. Most recently we announced eBay Collective in the U.S. a shopping destination which provides consumers with curated inventory for antique, modern and contemporary furniture and fine art. This is similar to the approach we took earlier in the year with the launch of our curated wine category on eBay and it's an approach we'll seek to replicate going forward, where we see the opportunity to do so. I'm particularly excited about the improvements we're making to drive the most relevant shopping experience for our consumers. We continue to process more data from our structured data initiative, which enables us to have better insight into the inventory on our site and to build better user experiences. In Q3 we increased the percentage of structured data listings processed to 48% of relevant live listings. The ongoing growth in penetration of structured data is enabling us to accelerate the pace of new browsed and product page launches, and we ended Q3 with over 100 million pages build on structured data, that showcased our inventory in ways that were not possible just a year ago. We're further enhancing these pages by introducing new features, such as multiple top picks, product comparisons and limited time deals, and we continue to see significantly higher conversion. While these early results give us continued confidence in our strategy, our new pages are currently being exposed to a very small fraction of our traffic. The majority of our business today comes through our organic, on eBay search funnel. Over time we expect to start introducing these new experiences to our organic traffic. Now while we're moving at an urgent pace, you can expect us to take an intelligent approach to this transition to ensure that we don't disrupt our customers along the way. Another area I'm excited about is mobile. Since the launch of our redesigned eBay mobile apps in May, customer reviews have trended higher as we have significantly improved the speed and the usability of our apps. And our ability to rapidly iterate on user feedback has enabled us to keep this positive momentum going. We recently released the fifth update to our new mobile experience in the past five months, and this cadence of improvements is translating into better growth, with Q3 being the second quarter in a row of mobile growth acceleration. We're also beginning to leverage artificial intelligence to power unique commerce experiences for our users. Yesterday we announced the beta launch of eBay ShopBot on Facebook Messenger, a personalized shopping assistant that enables people to find the best deals from eBay's 1 billion listings. Our vision is to make shopping with eBay as easy as talking to a friend, whether you're looking for something specific or you're browsing for inspiration. eBay continues to be one of the leading consumer brands in the world, having recently been ranked number 32 by Interbrand in their 2016 Best Global Brands report. This is the same position that eBay achieved in 2015 and we view this as positive, because the recent ranking reflects the first full year post the PayPal spend. With that, we've also been doing considerable work to sharpen our brand. During Q3, we began to activate our new brand messages by running several marketing pilots externally. We continue to shift more of our marketing resources towards top of the funnel consideration and we'll further ramp our external efforts during the upcoming holiday season and into 2017. This includes plans to advertise on TV in the U.S. and Europe during this holiday season which we have not done since 2014. Finally, we continue to execute on our plans to deliver the most powerful selling platform. In August, we launched Seller Hub to all U.S. sellers and have recently begun the process of rolling that out to international markets. Thus far, over 0.5 million sellers have used Seller Hub and we're seeing early improvements in key listing metrics and strong adoption of marketing features such as our promotions tool, and we're steadily expanding our promoted listings product, enabling more and more sellers to bid their inventory replacement in search results. We also today announced the launch of an entirely new set of APIs, making it simplifier for our developers and sellers to rapidly integrate with eBay and onboard all their inventory using retail and industry standard practice. On the consumer selling side, we continue to simplify selling on eBay. We recently began rolling out our simplified listing flow to a portion of first time consumer sellers. While still early, we're seeing better completion rates and improved listing quality. We're also seeing strong demand for our assisted selling service, eBay Valet. We now have drop off sites live in 1700 FedEx locations and we've made several improvements to enable a better user experience, including upfront value estimation and item eligibility. And in September we launched quick sell, which enables consumers to trade in their mobile phone with transparent pricing, taking advantage of mobile phone industry upgrade cycles. StubHub continues to innovate and execute against the large and increasingly global market opportunity. The team continues to drive innovative user experiences, expanding our virtual reality technology to 55 total venues, which represent over one-third of ticket sales on our native app platform. We also recently launched our blended primary and secondary ticket experience for the Philadelphia 76ers, and launched the ability for users to receive support through a Skype chatbot. Growth began to slow in the quarter as we started to lap the product changes we made last September, and our comps will get more difficult from here. However, we believe our strategy of expanding internationally and selectively tapping into the primary market will serve us well over the long-term. Our classified platform continues its good growth, driven by strong vibrancy metrics across our major markets, increased engagement with our native mobile apps, and continued strength in the motors and the real-estate verticals across our key markets, and were working to leverage all three of our platforms to drive great consumer experiences. The eBay and Gumtree inventory integration effort that we launched in Australia in Q2 show good results. And well now roll out the integration of core inventory into our classified sites in several other markets. We also began testing ticketing in inventory integration between Kijiji Canada and StubHub. We envision tying our strong eBay assets closer together over time to enable a more unified experience for all of our consumers. In summary, were making meaningful progress on our strategy while delivering good financial results. Replatforming a business of our size and scale takes time. However, our pace of innovation is accelerating. Were increasingly using structured data and artificial intelligence to transform shopping on eBay, delivering more personalization capabilities, continuing to iterate our mobile experience, and bringing more unique inventory and categories to our customers. Weve got more work to do, but I'm confident were on the right path. Now, let me turn it over to Scott, and hell provide more details on our Q3 results.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks Devin. In Q3, business performance was stable, and we delivered good financial results while executing on our strategic priorities. StubHub and Classifieds continued growing double-digits, and the marketplace improvements we saw last quarter are still evident in mobile C2C and SCO. As we reflect on the last nine months, we remain confident in our strategy and we continue to make progress. During my discussion, Ill reference our earnings presentation beginning on Slide 4. In Q3, we generated $2.2 billion of total revenue, $0.45 of non-GAAP EPS, $617 million in free cash flow, and we repurchased $500 million of our stock. In addition, we are raising the full year guidance on revenue and expect to be in the middle of the previously communicated non-GAAP EPS range. Let's start with Q3 active buyers on Slide 5. In the quarter, trailing 12-month growth was down 1 point to 3% year-over-year. The quarter-over-quarter deceleration was driven by lapping last years increased marketing spend in India. On Slide 6, we enabled $20.1 billion of GMV in Q3, up 5% versus last year, decelerating 1 point versus prior quarter, driven by StubHub and U.S. marketplace platform. By geography, the U.S. generated $8.4 billion of GMV, up 3%, while the international delivered $11.7 billion of GMV, up 7% year-over-year. Moving to revenue, we generated net revenues of $2.2 billion, up 8% versus last year, accelerating 1 point versus Q2. We delivered $1.7 billion of transaction revenue, up 8% and $470 million of marketing services and other revenue, up 10%. Transitioning to our Marketplaces platform on Slide eight, Q3 [technical difficulty] 4% year-over-year, rounding down 1 point versus Q2. U.S. GMV decelerated as we shifted marketing spend to more brand awareness, which tends to have a longer payback as we start to influence consideration. International GMV improved slightly quarter over quarter rounding up a point. Total Marketplace revenue was $1.8 billion, up 5% year over year - a two-point acceleration versus prior quarter. Transaction revenue grew 5%, up three points quarter over quarter. This acceleration is attributed to reduced marketing incentives that show up in contra revenue along with the VAT settlement. Marketing services and other revenue grew 5%, decelerating six points versus Q2, driven by tougher comps from the PayPal operating agreement. Moving to Slide 9, StubHub had another strong quarter, delivering 23% GMV growth and 32% revenue growth, driven by strength in concerts, theater and major league baseball. In the quarter, we closed both the TicketbiS and Ticket Utils acquisitions, adding to our international presence and improving seller tools.  Moving to Slide 10. In Q3, Classifieds revenue grew 14% year over year, a 1 point deceleration from last quarter. The automotive and real estate verticals in our key markets remain strong while ad revenue growth modestly decelerated. Our key engagement metric like visits, replies and listings remain healthy and we will continue to innovate across our mobile apps which are increasingly more important as traffic continues to shift to mobile.  Turning to Slide 11 and major cost drivers, in Q3 we delivered non-GAAP operating margin of 29.9%, which is down 200 basis points versus last year. The impact of a strong U.S. dollar pressured margins 200 basis points. The foreign exchange impact was felt across all spend categories. So I'll focus my comments on the operational dynamics of our expenses. Roughly half the increase in cost of revenue was driven by the mix of our faster growth platforms like StubHub, which have an inherently lower gross margin. Q3 sales and marketing expense increased slightly as we shifted spend away from seller incentives that show up in contra revenue and redeployed to top of the funnel channels like brand. Product development is an area where we have been investing more heavily and half of the year-over-year increase is from our work on the Marketplace product experience. G&A expense was down roughly 80 basis points year-over-year from strong operating leverage.  Moving to Slide 12, in Q3 we delivered $0.45 in non-GAAP EPS, up $0.02 versus prior year, driven by revenue growth and the net benefit of share repurchases, partially offset by the impact of a stronger US dollar. In Q3 GAAP EPS was $0.36, down $0.09 versus last year. The drop in GAAP EPS is driven by last year's investment gains in SnapDeal and [indiscernible]. As always, you can find a detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings presentation. On Slide 13, in Q3 we generated free cash flow of $617 million, up 34%, largely due to lapping separation related costs incurred last year. We remain on track to deliver our full year guidance of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. CapEx was 8% of revenue in Q3 and our full year guidance remains 7% to 9%.  Moving to Slide 14, we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $10.4 billion, of which $2.7 billion is in the U.S. In Q3 we repurchased 16.5 million shares at an average price of $30.29 per share, amounting to $500 million in repurchases. We have completed share repurchases of $2 billion this year or roughly 115% of our year-to-date free cash flow. We ended the quarter with $2.3 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining and we are on track with our full year plans for share repurchases, which will represent $500 million for Q4. Let me remind you about our strategy and overall philosophy on investments. We regularly review and actively manage our investment portfolio to ensure that our investments support the Company's strategic direction and complement our disciplined approach to value creation, profitability and capital allocation. With this in mind, we recently sold most of our stake in MercadoLibre. We remain committed to our customers in Latin America and we have signed a strategic agreement with MercadoLibre that is designed to advance cross-border opportunities for our sellers who are targeting buyers in Latin America. The sale has enabled us to realize roughly $1.2 billion of gross proceeds. We are currently working through the exact U.S. and international tax implications, including the timing of cash payments which could have an impact on our free cash flow. We intend to use the net proceeds in a manner consistent with our capital allocation policy. Now moving to guidance on Slide 15, for Q4 we are projecting revenue between $2.36 billion and $2.41 billion, growing 4% to 6% year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.52 to $0.54 per share, representing 4% to 8% as reported year-over-year growth. The EPS growth is driven by revenue growth and the net benefit of our share repurchase program, partially offset by the impact of a stronger dollar. Based on Q3 performance, we are raising revenue guidance for the full year. Revenue is now projected to be $8.95 billion to $9 billion, growing 6% to 7% year-over-year. Our non-GAAP margin guidance range of 31% to 33% is unchanged. However, we continue to expect to be at the low end of this range. We are raising our full year non-GAAP tax rate slightly to 19.5% and 20.5%, and now we expect our non-GAAP EPS to be in the middle of our previously disclosed guidance range of $1.85 to $1.90 per share. Due to the sale of our stake in MercadoLibre, we are raising our full year GAAP EPS guidance to $2.22 to $2.32 per share. As we enter Q4, I'd like to take a moment to reflect on 2016. We started the year expecting to grow revenue in the 2% to 5% range. Year-to-date, we have executed on and aligned our investments behind our strategic initiatives while increasing our revenue growth outlook to 6% to 7%. The Marketplace platform began seeing green shoots from our re-platforming and more of [ph] the efforts are positive, they have not yet materially impacted the trajectory of the overall business. StubHub enjoyed performance over the past three quarters and has now stated lapping the product changes from last September which will carry into next year. Classifieds continued its double-digit growth while investing in mobile innovation and we started lapping the PayPal operating agreement revenue in July, which puts pressure on our marketing services revenue growth. While accelerating our revenue growth this year, we increased investment in product development and brand to invest in future growth. That combined with our recent acquisitions and integrations has been paid for with operating leverage in G&A and redeployment within marketing. And while we are relatively well protected on net income due to our hedging program, the stronger U.S. dollar has driven roughly 150 basis points of ongoing margin compression year-over-year. Throughout 2016, we continue executing on our disciplined capital allocation strategy, and we have been acquisitive in the areas of geographic expansion in tech and talent while returning $2 billion worth of capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. Since the separation with PayPal last July, we have repurchased $3.2 billion worth of our shares or roughly 11% of gross shares outstanding. Our strong ongoing cash flow, along with the cash and the sale of our stake in MercadoLibre allows us to continue our disciplined capital allocation strategy, including returning of capital to shareholder through share repurchase. In closing, we are focusing on the holiday season in Q4 and continuing to lay the foundation for 2017 and beyond. And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions, Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler: First a high-level question and a follow-up on the buyer gross. So the high level one is, I think most investors understand that these re-platforming exercises take a number of years, as we've seen with other companies who have gone through the same thing, and you guys have said that the aspirational goal at the end of the day is to get back to double digit e-commerce like growth rates. So as we look over to next year and you start cutting more traffic over to these higher converting pages, when do you think we'll start to see the GMV growth start to pick up? Any color there would be helpful? And then on the active buyer side, what are you seeing right now in the current quarter in terms of churn and new buyers coming in to get to that 1 million that you added in the quarter? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Ross, thanks. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Scott. Yes, as we've said I think consistently for the last year, this is a large effort to re-platform our business. We have an amazing flywheel, but the re-platforming is necessary to simplify eBay and to make it more relevant for our consumers and our sellers globally. We feel very confident we're on the right track. Where we've been able to add structured data, where we've been able to build new experiences on it, now 100 million pages, we're very happy with those results. In fact, they're in line with exactly what we had hoped when we engaged in this initiative. We've also said that it's not a light switch that you turn on or off. Because we have such a strong core business and some much about traffic is organic through the core search funnel, it's a careful exercise and it isn't a switch that you just through on. We've got to introduce these new experiences carefully because we have a high converting high traffic channel, which is the organic eBay funnel and the organic search channel. So, we think we're on track and vis-a-vis GMV, one of the things I just note is that our business, it's always been very difficult or impossible to look at GMV without revenue. We spend and subsidize at times. We do deals and promotions. We'll do that through the holiday. As we said here, the U.S. deceleration here was driven by a very conscious effort to begin to move our marketing spend into top of the funnel. As we start to introduce these new experiences and we think our customers like it, and that's evidenced in higher conversion, we think it makes more sense to spend up the funnel. That does lengthen the timeline. That does mean you may move it from say a subsidized deal, which would have been GMV in the quarter to a brand campaign, which doesn't tend to work that quickly. But that's okay We said were doing this for the long-term. Were building a moat around eBays business. And were going to do this in a considered way, so that the business is more competitive and relevant than it's even been. And I'm really pleased with that. I think thats right where we want to be. Ill turn it over to Scott, and maybe he can comment on second part of your question, which is a buyer question.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Ross, on active buyers, look, as you saw, we have 165 million active buyers. Thats $5 million more than last year this time and 1 million more than last quarter. And thats 3% of trailing 12-month growth, a little less than 1 point of deceleration. Specific to the deceleration, it's really driven by lapping a campaign we did last year in India, to push the efficient frontier around CLV in that business. And the underlying cohorts of our major markets remain stable. New buyer acquisition is stable. To Devins point, it's not yet really seeing acceleration from our structured data and SEO efforts, and what were doing around the replatforming. But it's stable. And the retained and reactivated and GMV per buyer in those buckets and the retention curves also remain stable.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Carlos Kirjner from Bernstein.
Carlos Kirjner: I have one question. You guys mentioned in your comments that you intend to ramp up marketing in the fourth Q and forward on one hand. On the other hand, you also said that the number of visits or page views or users that are seeing the new browse pages based on structure data, it's still very small. So, why ramp up marketing if you are not -- if the new experience is going to be available just to a small portion of the traffic. Are we right to -- could we conclude that these will change as you ramp up marketing? Or there is some other explanation? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: It's a good question Carlos. Id say two things. The first is that top of the funnel brand market increased the halo around everything we do. So, whether or not you end up on that experience through the core eBay funnel or whether or not you end up on it through -- say through Googles natural search results, we think that it takes longer but ultimately changing consideration of the eBay brand will yield benefits across all of our channels. So thats a reason to start, because now with 100 million pages out there, even if we did nothing to increase the exposure of that to the core channel, it would still yield benefits, because there are a lot of people that end up on our site through say external search results. But we are also beginning to open up more the aperture this holiday, in particular, through our category pages, through our landing pages, where a number of our holiday campaigns will drive people. We are certainly going to carefully but increase the exposure of the new pages to more and more of our traffic over time. Thats the goal. So, I think that the brand benefit for us is really clear. We wish it yielded a 90-day payback but brand doesnt tend to work that way. Just to reiterate, what I love about our sharper brand positioning is there has been a lot of commentary about the functional gaps that we need to close, i.e. we sell a lot of new goods, we sell a lot of in-season goods, 60% of all our inventory arrives within three business days. All of that is true. But that isnt enough. And I think what is really unique about eBay -- and remember eBay is trying to be more unique, not more same -- is that everybody finds their version of perfect. And whether that means we have extraordinary millions of items of inventory to that you can only find on eBay, or whether it's we have the greatest deals and pricing power in some of our core more head inventory items, that's what's uniquely eBay. It is a more emotional shopping experience, it's a more resonant shopping experience, its a unique inventory and great amazing deals experience, and too many consumers don't know that. So it's worth moving the marketing money, even if it has a short-term impact in not subsidizing deals and that's the balance that were drawing. The balance we're drawing is delivering consistent and good financial results and beginning to pivot our marketing spend to build more of a moat around the very strong eBay brand. That's exactly what goes through our head when we consider how much to spend and where to spend in marketing, and at what pace do we introduce these new structured data pages.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe one -- the first one following on what we were talking about, based on Ross and Carlos' question, when you look at the impact of structured data, even though it's still continuing to build, we've talked about the auto category before on the last two earnings calls. Is there any other sense you can give us about how other product categories are sort of acting? Are there -- somewhere there's more benefits and where there's less benefits. We could understand a little bit about maybe some of the product category response to structured data across the broader platform. And then second question on StubHub, would love to get your sense of the competitive landscape on StubHub, seeing improved take rate now for the second quarter in a row. Want to understand what's driving that improved take rate and tie it back to competition. Thanks guys.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, let me take -- I'll take both of those. On the first part, now with 42% of live listings processed, we're covered across quite a few categories. And with 48% of experiences built on it, it's not -- we're not bound in specific verticals, were across the board. Remember, we're still out in largely external exogenous search, not in the core search funnel, but there are two metrics that matter to make this super simple, traffic and conversion. When I look at the page versus the page it replaced, I can see that it's simpler, it's better organized, it shows off what's unique about eBay. But put aside what I can see, I look at data, and the data for us, as we said in my remarks shows a quite significant increase in conversion. So we took this page down, we put this page up. The conversion is significant. It's not, you need a microscope to see it. It's meaningful. Now I do suspect that as we get closer to better converting channels like core search, we wont maintain those conversion gains because we're basically competing against the better converting channel. But these are good experiences and the data shows that our customers like them and our customers are converting on these pages. So it's a cross category. It's actually fairly uniform. I wish I could say it's really working in this but not that. It's actually so far pretty uniform. It may prove not to be as we get more aggressive about introducing these experiences. But so far it's fairly uniform, and the pickup in the data is fairly significant. StubHub. So I think we feel -- we feel great about StubHub's business. I think that they've made significant improvements to their brand, to their product, to things like ticket recommendations, to the revised StubHub brand campaign, to their select entry into the primary markets, with some of the deals that they've done with leading franchises and teams. You know StubHub, we made some significant product changes last September and the growth rate took off like a rocket ship, and we're facing that wall right now. That's the reality of the math. It doesn't change at all, how we feel about their competitive position. And remember, we also now have, through the acquisition of TicketBis have entered the international market, and we think that internationally we're in the first inning of the secondary ticket market. So, competitively we think we're doing great. We think that this is the leading secondary market and increasingly primary market ticket franchise. We think their competitive position has never been stronger than it is right now. And the market opportunity -- we're going to face the math for another several quarters of the huge acceleration we had a year ago, but that doesn't change our view that this a great long term business that benefits from being part of eBay and we're going to grow it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: Just wondering -- not to harp on this whole take rate question, but to the extent that we did see a very small increase in the overall take rate in the Marketplaces business, and you've also sort of touched on the shift towards more brand advertising in the quarter, can you give us a sense of what of those two things are related, largely if there's less utilization of some of the contra revenue promotion to drive GMV growth that's implied by those two things?
Devin Wenig: Heath, a couple of points. First off, I think as we've talked about in the past, we always expect some degree of mix shift between geo, category, seller type, country, et cetera. And quarter-to-quarter I think we are up 10 basis points on transaction take rates for the Marketplace's business. So that's not a radical departure from the past or even year-on-year. I think it's relatively flat. When I look at the dynamics on contra, we've changed a -- we've been pushing the frontier of what we spend on whether its buyer coupons, seller incentives, inventory incentives quarter-to-quarter. And as we've talked about in the past, we kind of think about those as a bucket, whether they show up in a marketing spend, whether they show up in revenue, as negative revenue or net or positive revenue or in marketing expense. And what we're really looking for is where we can drive growth, COV, buyer acquisition, those types of metrics. This quarter we happen to shift away from the degree of buyer couponing and seller incentives and inventory incentives that we did last quarter, and certainly versus year-over-year, which had a positive impact on the overall revenue rate. And then as Devin commented, the combination of that plus redeployment of lower marketing channel spends to up or, really starting the transition for us as we start the process of activating our brand.
Heath Terry: And so to the extent that your -- that your -- this GMV number that you're reporting on, the GMV growth number that you're reporting now is less reliant on that kind of contra revenue promotion. Is it fair or overly optimistic to characterize the GMV and GMV growth that you're seeing now as healthier than what you've seen in the last couple of years?
Devin Wenig: I think that's fair, I think that's fair. I mean we could go channel-by-channel but I think as we think about COV, it's not to say that we wouldn't spend contra in the future. And certainly, we continue to pulse it. But I think in terms of the GMV baseline as you described it, I'd agree. Just a quick wrapper on that, everything we're focused on, it's not -- you've heard me say before, it's not hard to generate GMV with the balance sheet. Subsidizing goods isn't hard. We're pretty disciplined about it. We only do it as it a means to acquire customers and to grow the flywheel. We're totaling focused on things that create sustainability and differentiation in the business. The brand does that. The product does that. That's how eBay gets healthy over time and that's where we're spending all of our time and effort. If we can move away from lower value subsidies to cycle that into things that have legs overtime and really sharply differentiate who we are and what we do, we'll do that every time and we won't be shy about doing it even if it has a short-term impact.
Scott Schenkel: Yes and Heath, to put the GMV in context, U.S. was down a point really, catching around and international was up a point. So in total, while we're down quarter-over-quarter 1 point, it's relative around the edges on the underlying GMV being stable.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post : I just have couple of questions. Devin, just thinking about structured data, just the timing, I think people want to be patient but want to think about when the board or when shareholders could really think about when we really should see the biggest impact or when you'd be in the sweet-spot for that. And then are there other initiatives in the pipeline beyond that, if structured data doesnt turn out to have a material impact on GMV, other things that you think are really import to point out as you look out the next couple of years? And then maybe if you can help at, all, just wondering about StubHub and Classified margins versus the core. If you can give us any help with that. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Ill take the first, and then Scott can comment on the second. Keep in mind, structured data is an input, not an output. The way weve categorized our strategy is relevance, choice, and the best shopping experience. Structured data is an enabler of that. So no, I dont think -- I think it's a sound bite to say were hinging everything on structured data. Our strategy is to have a brand thats differentiated, to have inventory thats differentiated, and to have a simpler more compelling shopping experience. Thats a really simple way to describe it. And all of those things are happening in earnest right now. So I think structured data is like a foundation of some of that. Its the scaffolding that we need to build on top of. But it's not the sort of one bullet that we shot, and if that one bullet doesnt hit its mark, then our business is not going to be where we want it to be. I think we have a multi-pronged strategy. Structured data is an important foundational element, but it's an input, not an output. Vis--vis timing, well say what weve always said, which is this will take time. The results are not a light switch. It's not going to be one quarter. We said that last quarter. Its not going to be one quarter where all of a sudden we just pop out the top. Because were replacing high converting pages. Itll be a march. Itll be a slower and steady march and well continue to deliver good results while were doing that. Well continue to be disciplined about capital allocation while were doing that. Well continue to generate leverage for our shareholders while were doing that. So I think it's been a consistent story since we started this. Scott, you can talk about the margin
Scott Schenkel: Just a couple other things. Weve pointed at mobile along the way. In Devins prepared comments, you heard him talk about the continued acceleration. At this point, were at 47% share. The feedback continues to improve on 5.0 and the growth is accelerating as well. And then C2C, weve done a series of things that Devin laid out many of them in his prepared remarks. And while were still shrinking, it's shrinking less so. And so, those are just a couple of extra points around our strategy and initiatives that were relying to drive future growth. As it relates to the margin, what Id point to is, what I talked about for cost of revenue is kind of the gross margin dynamics of StubHub, having a bit heavier, not only a higher take rate but heavier cost dynamic. But the underlying -- we dont really have segment margins, if you will, for the different platforms. So can't really comment on that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian: First as a follow up. I wonder Devin if it's possible to look at finer points on the time frame, when do you expect to begin giving the exposure of the new product pages to the onsite search traffic, or at least describe the remaining hurdles in the way? And then secondly, outside of the shift to more brand advertising, I think you both have suggested that there's been more engagement with social media channels. If you could talk about what feedbacks, you might have from some of those initiatives? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Thanks for the question. Vis--vis a more aggressive introduction of new experiences, it's already starting. Itll certainly continue this quarter, or even through the holiday. If you think about it, the least disruptive is exogenous through search channels, then category and browse pages, which we're sort of introducing right now, and you'll see us drive a number of holiday campaigns directly to those experiences for the first time. And then the final one, which is the biggest channel but the one that we have to be the most careful about is the organic search channel. So we're not going to do that through this holiday. We will do more category and landing pages. We'll do more holiday campaigns to take you to those experiences but we're not going to mess around with our core search funnel as we get ready for holiday. You can expect us to start to do that next year. On social, Colin, we are very aggressive about that and by the way, top of the funnel, when we talk about brand marketing, I think it sometimes gets conflated with TV. TV is not the largest part of it. It's brand across all channels, including social. So this quarter we added an 18th social channel. We're working aggressively with multiple social channels, including what I mentioned in my remarks, launching about on Facebook messenger, but we're advertising and you'll see eBay's brand messages in addition to bottom of the funnel call to action messages increasingly across major social and messaging platforms.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question, I had two I wanted to ask. First, Scott just on the 4Q outlook, can you just talk about the revenue guide, the FX neutral 4% to 6%, just some of the drivers there in terms of that being down from the 8% in 3Q. Obviously, it's up for comp on StubHub, but just hoping you can expand there. And then second, I think last quarter you talked about having 10% higher conversion from SEO to product pages. Can you update that number at all for 3Q?
Devin Wenig: Sure. Real quick, the 10% conversion holds, we continue to feel pretty good about that. So no real update on that. Specific to Q4, the guidance as you called out was 4% to 6% FX neutral revenue growth, with EPS $0.52 to $0.54 up 4% to 8%. Specific to the revenue, this really implies underlying continued stability with a couple of dynamics worth noting. First off you called out one of them, the StubHub lapping. We'll have three months of lapping versus just a month of lapping in Q4 which will decelerate -- have an impact to decelerating our overall total revenue and we have about a point of some non-repeating VAT settlements in Q3 that I called out in my prepared remarks. So those two will have an impact on the overall revenue growth that we called out. I would characterize the underlying revenue growth at 4% to 6% as relatively stable quarter to quarter. And then we expect the initiatives to continue on the positive trajectory that we've called out, but not yet having this narrative inflection point or a date that's everyone's looking for. We continue to see progress. We'll continue to elevate the experience via structured data and the user experience. We expect this to continue to see some benefits in mobile and C2C. But really continue to focus on our strategic initiatives, plus really lean in on our Q4 holiday plans. And then we'll talk more about '17 in January.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Robert Peck from SunTrust.
Kunal Madhukar: Hi, this is Kunal for Robert. Sorry about the noise. Question on MercadoLibre and the rationale for divesting that stake. You already have $2.7 billion of cash in the U.S. You're buying back about $500 million of shares every quarter. Could that indicate that maybe the Board or management is thinking in terms of maybe issuing a one-time dividend?
Devin Wenig: No, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we've sold the majority of our stake in MercadoLibre. And if the green shoe is exercised, we'll have sold all of our stake in MercadoLibre. And really this is driven by the fact that we regularly review and actively manage our investments as part of our disciplined capital allocation strategy. The sale is going to enable us to recognize the significant gain. It will be about $1.2 billion of gross proceeds and about $700 million to $800 million of net gain. If the shoe exercises, that'll be an addition to that. This is a Q4 event and we're working through the U.S. and international tax implications of this. The timing of the cash payments which may impact free cash flow, but this does not change our capital allocation strategy, nor our relationship with MeLi. We've great relationship with them and we've actually signed an agreement with them to expand our relationship to help connect our sellers to Latin America buyers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark May from Citi.
Mark May: I think most of mine have been answered by now, but just going back to the Q4 outlook, just given the focus on the Marketplace numbers, and given sort of the changes that are going on in the quarter with StubHub, the decel, maybe if you could shed a little bit more light on kind of what your guidance assumes in terms of Marketplace GMV and/or revenue growth or maybe the inverse, give us the sense of exactly -- or more of a sense of how much do you expect StubHub revenue to decelerate? And then a question on M&A. I think Devin you've talked about this in the past. My impression is that to the extent that you are working, the acquisitions, they've been relatively small and kind of tuck-in strategic. Has your view on changed recently on that?
Scott Schenkel: Mark, first on your first question. The underlying growth assumptions are 4% to 6% for the total company. About a point, we expect about 1 point of StubHub deceleration and about 1 point of VAT deceleration lapping, that we'll have to factor in. We don't give guidance by platform per say, but realistically speaking, the way I would think about it is we're roughly stable quarter-to-quarter in our implied guidance. Devin, I dont know if you want to take that?
Devin Wenig: Yes, on the part of your question vis--vis M&A, nothing changes. We have a business that generates high free cash flow. We have a strong balance sheet. We have been able to return a meaningful amount of capital to shareholders. As you heard in Scott's remarks, we're going to likely continue to do that. And that still provides us the flexibility to do acquisitions where we see that we can create value. And we won't hesitate to do that. I don't think we've said a lot about big versus small. It's more about being disciplined about what we do. We wouldn't hesitate to do something larger, if we thought that we could create sustainable long term value in doing it. And right now, we've built capabilities, particularly in areas like AI and a little bit of geo expansion through small tuck-ins, and its likely to continue. But if we saw the opportunity to do something more meaningful we wouldn't hesitate to do it, but we'll be disciplined about it. We don't swing wildly at things.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC.
Mark Mahaney: The acceleration in international FX neutral GMV growth, is there anything you'd call out from there? Any particular countries that may have contributed to that or do you view that really as more consistent with what you've seen in the last couple of quarters? And then secondly, the switch to the longer cycle marketing campaign, is there a time that you want to put out to test whether that shift in marketing works? Is that something you're going to try for a year and then assess at that point? I guess just the underlying question there is really, how long will it take in order to figure out whether that shift in marketing strategy is working? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, Mark, on the first half of the question, international was really just rounding up a point. I wouldn't characterize that to be any different than the prior quarter. So to the answer of your question, no, I wouldn't flag anything. Devin on the marketing.
Devin Wenig: Yes, Mark. Vis-a-vis marketing, we are a very measurement oriented company as you know, and the reason that historically we've been somewhat adverse to moving our marketing up the funnel is because it gets harder to measure value. It's easy to measure value when you're marketing down the funnel, and it gets harder as you move up. But that doesn't mean there is no value, so we have a way -- we are going to do -- as we increase the amount of up the funnel brand marketing, we are going to do our best at measuring value. It certainly needs a longer timeframe. I think it is at least a year in which it needs to be in the market to really resonate and start to shift the perception and consideration of the eBay brand. And we're going to watch it. It's not -- that's not the kind of thing you watch every day, like you do down the funnel marketing. But we're certainly going to watch it carefully. We've got a measurement framework for it. We'll hold it ultimately to the same standard that we hold any investment we make, but it is a little bit longer cycle that what we're used to and it will take -- we will need to leave it on and have the discipline to leave it on over a longer timeframe to know if it works.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt from Stifel.
Scott Devitt: Devin, and just to beat a dead horse as you say, as you get on the back of the structured data transition, which does allow you offer you better experiences for consumers, you noted earlier that it won't show up in a single quarter but over time. And I am just wondering if you seek the outcome as going to be a GMV growth that's going to be sustained around current levels with these new experiences in place, or do you have conviction that growth will improve, you just don't have a defined time horizon of getting there? And then secondly for Scott, have you put further thought? Has the Board discussed any further of instituting a quarterly dividend? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Look, obviously, we believe that some of the activity that we're doing can drive higher GMV growth. We do believe that. The timeframe will be what it is in some respect and we'll be as aggressive as we can. And it will be a kind of slower burn in this sense that it isnt a one quarter wire on. It will roll in, as we roll these experiences in, which will be a build over quarters. But I don't -- we have certainly not changed our original philosophy, that we believe that there can be higher growth in this business, given what we're doing.
Scott Schenkel: Yes, it's Scott. We're not changing our capital allocation strategy based on the sale of the MeLi asset. The reality is we have a pretty well, clearly defined 2016 buyback that we'll continue to execute. And then I would expect to some level that will continue in the future. But it's not going to -- it's not changing how were thinking about capital allocation and our strategy around that.
Devin Wenig: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald from Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald: Maybe two quick ones. On the Korigan acquisition, how quickly does that type of tech get integrated? And then any updates on integration efforts with Ticket Utils and SalesPredict? And then finally on StubHub, what percentage of venues are you driving with the VR tech and how should we look at rolling it out to further venues? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Thanks for the question. So, on Korigan, we have been working with Korigan previously. And the answer is it's already wired on. If you look at the collective experience that we launched this week, it's actually using Korigan to do background image improvement. It's a great experience. If you havent seen it, please go look at it. Just type collective into eBay search and go take a look at that vertical experience. That is using the Korigan technology, to in essence take seller images and improve them and remove the backgrounds and make them look just about museum quality. So, the answer is were already using it and well expand the use of that over time. Vis--vis the other acquisitions like SalesPredict and Expertmaker, we are already starting to use that in the more backend part of the structured data initiative to create catalogues and taxonomies, which is happening with pace. So, all of these things, almost -- I believe all three of them, we have been working with prior to buying them. And they are wired on now and theyll come online with even more spectrum over time. Vis--vis the VR rollout of StubHub, I think Ive said that it's now 55 venues, which -- and well just keep marching down that path, because customers are actually using it. I think weve got one of the best use cases for VR actually driving commerce and it makes sense. It's an immersive experience. It's a high ASP sale. And were learning from that about how we might bring VR into more core eBay activities, where emerging matters, where high ASP drives careful consideration of the visual image before purchase. So we like VR and augmented reality, and we think theyre going to be meaningful in commerce and we want to be a leader there.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. And you may now log-off and disconnect. Everyone have a great evening.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert S. Peck - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP Brian J. Pitz - Jefferies LLC Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to eBay's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer section and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Selim Freiha, Vice-President Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2016. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany both Devin's and Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's prepared remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.eBayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that, during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries including expected financial results for the third quarter and full-year 2016 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the company's Investor Relations website at investors.eBayinc.com or the SEC's website at sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of July 20, 2016, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon, everyone. Q2 was a good quarter for us. We delivered strong top line and bottom line financial results, led by acceleration in our core eBay platform, and continued strong performance from StubHub. We made good progress on our strategy and we're starting to see some positive movement in underlying traffic and conversion metrics, driven by early versions of our new user experiences. Overall, total GMV was up 6% for the quarter, while revenue was up 7%. And active buyer growth was stable at 4% year-over-year, as we added over one million new buyers to our platform in Q2. GMV on our Marketplace platform grew at 5% year-over-year, a one point acceleration, driven by strength in the U.S. StubHub grew volume at 35% year-over-year, a six point acceleration. And our Classified platform grew revenue at 15%. Finally, we repurchased a $500 million of our stock, and continue to invest in acquisitions to help strengthen our business. We acquired Expertmaker in the quarter and recently announced our intent to acquire SalesPredict, each of which will enable our efforts around machine learning, artificial intelligence, and structured data. And we announced our intent to acquire TicketBis and Ticket Utils, further strengthening our StubHub platform. It's been a year since we spun off PayPal, and we announced a focused strategy to reposition our business for long-term success, by driving the best choice, the most relevance, and the most powerful selling platform. I have never been more convinced than I am today that this is the right strategy for our company and I'm pleased to see how our teams have embraced this direction and are driving execution. However, I'm also clear about the gaps we still need to address in our business, such as repositioning our brand, reigniting our new buyer acquisition flywheel, and stemming the decline in our C2C platform; and while we're making good progress, our efforts will take time to yield material results in the business. We continue to drive best choice by providing the broadest spectrum of value for our consumers while working with our sellers to offer high shipping standards. In Q2, we hit a significant milestone, crossing the one billion live listing mark for the first time in our history. And in the U.S., two-thirds of all items shipped for free, and they arrived within three business days or less. This inventory growth is in part enabled by our success in signing on strategic inventory partners, while continuing to tap into large pools of SMB merchants, with partners like BigCommerce. Finally, we launched a new Wine category, and it's off to a very good start. You can expect several more category launches over the remainder of this year. We're also building on our highly successful multibillion dollar eBay deals platform in the U.S., doubling the number of deals available to our consumers since the beginning of the year. All of our deals shipped for free for everyone, every day without a membership required. Next, we continue innovating to drive the most relevant shopping experience for our consumers. These innovations are being built on top of a strong and growing foundation of structured data. Our structured data mandate currently covers approximately 60% of relevant live listings on our site. And in Q2, we increased the percentage of structured data listings that we've processed to 42% of relevant live listings. While our effort to expand our penetration of structured data will continue over the coming months, our current footprint is already enabling us to build compelling new user experiences not previously possible in a listing space marketplace. Over time, this will help us in multiple areas of our business, including more effectively enabling our consumers to get the items they want and need through better search, browse, and merchandising, educating our sellers on inventory gaps and opportunities, more persistence and better ranking in natural search results, and more effective paid search marketing just to name a few. Product reviews are a great example of a feature made possible by structured data. In Q2, our customers added 3.1 million new product reviews, nearly double the number added in the prior quarter, for a total of nearly 12 million reviews on the platform. Looking at other new user experiences, we continue to launch and iterate on our new browse and product pages, and we're starting to see early positive results. Q2 was the first positive quarter of SEO traffic in over a year-and-a-half. In the U.S., users who land in our new browse experience from our SEO channel are converting at approximately 10% higher rates. And we're also seeing similar results with our new product pages. We now have 15 million of these pages live, and as we add more categories and more product pages, we'll have more data to validate these early encouraging signs. While this is a step in the right direction, I want to remind you that SEO traffic only comprises about 10% of our overall traffic. We've recently launched the ability for users to quickly see the spectrum of value that our sellers offer through a product comparison experience across our selection of new, refurbished and used inventory. You can see this new experience in the slides accompanying my commentary. Mobile has long been a competitive differentiator for us, and in order to maintain that advantage, we continue to invest and innovate on our mobile experience. In Q2, we launched a completely redesigned mobile experience, and customer reception has been very positive so far. We've already released multiple updates enabled by our more efficient mobile development platform, which we released late last year. Our mobile experience is now getting back on the right track, with marketplace mobile volume growth accelerating to 19% in the quarter. As we make progress on the user experience, another key strategic focus for us this year has been to sharpen and more clearly differentiate our brand among consumers. As the number 32 brand in the world according to Interbrand, we deliver a compelling value proposition to help every person get their version of perfect, no matter what it is. This speaks to the considerable strengths that come from the depth and breadth of our inventory and the incredible deals available to eBay shoppers every day, which are becoming increasingly discoverable and personalized. As we continue to roll out changes to the shopping experience on eBay, our brand promise will likewise more fully come to life for consumers. In Q2, we began to reflect this positioning in marketing and we plan to expand these efforts throughout the second-half of 2016. Finally, we continue to execute our plans to deliver the most powerful selling platform. Our structured data foundation is starting to enable us to provide sellers with insight into inventory gaps and opportunities on our Marketplace platform. In Q2, we ran several campaigns targeted to areas of the site where we saw high demand and not enough supply. These campaigns are enabling us to activate sellers and bring incremental inventory on to our platform. On the consumer selling side, we're working in multiple areas to reduce friction and enable simpler experiences. Later this summer, we intend to launch a simplified listing flow on the core eBay platform that takes advantage of our structured data to save consumers time and effort in the listing process. And consumers continue to leverage our assisted selling service eBay Valet. Over 100,000 users have now experienced the service; and in Q2, we announced a partnership to expand Valet drop off sites to all U.S. FedEx locations, which should help drive further adoption. StubHub had another stellar quarter, driven by innovative user experiences and strength across multiple genres. Product experience changes we've made over the past year include a new pricing display, ticket recommendations and virtual reality [in-seat] views, and they continue to propel this platform to new heights. And we've recently announced our intent to acquire TicketBis, which will help accelerate our international footprint; and Ticket Utils, which will help enable us to offer sellers enhanced tools to better manage their inventory. Our Classified platform continues to grow steadily, building on our market-leading position in several countries. This momentum is driven by improving the mobile experience with services like in-app chat while focusing on building and strengthening verticals in several markets such as real estate in Germany. And we continue to work on driving synergies between Marketplace and Classifieds, testing ways to expose our inventory to consumers on both platforms. In summary, Q2 was a good quarter for our business with accelerating volume and revenue growth. We continue to invest in product and technology and are accelerating the pace of innovation and new user experiences. One year since spinning off PayPal, we are executing our long term business strategy and beginning to see the results from those efforts. And while there will be challenges along the way, you can count on us to make steady progress. eBay's business is strong and we're running it to ensure that we will be a global technology leader for years to come. Now, let me turn it over to Scott to provide more details on our Q2 results.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Devin. As Devin highlighted, we delivered good top line and bottom line financial results this quarter, driven by acceleration in our Marketplace and StubHub platforms. We are starting to see some green shoots of our strategic initiatives as we reposition our business for long term success. At the same time, we are clear about our challenges such as repositioning our brand, acquiring more new buyers, reinvigorating C2C and enabling the best tools for our sellers. We remain focused on our efforts to provide the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform as we continue executing our strategic plan. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings presentation beginning on slide 10. In Q2, we generated $2.2 billion of total revenue, $0.43 of non-GAAP EPS and $617 million in free cash flow. We repurchased $500 million of our stock and the board of directors has approved an additional $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization. And lastly, we are raising the full-year guidance on revenue and EPS. Let's start at the top of the funnel with Q2 active buyers in slide 11. In the quarter, we increased the total active buyer base to 164 million, while trailing 12-month growth was stable at 4%. As Devin highlighted, SEO traffic improved in the quarter, but we are not yet seeing a material impact on acquiring new buyers through the SEO channel. On slide 12, we enabled $20.9 billion of GMV in Q2, up 6% versus last year, accelerating one point versus prior quarter. By geography, the U.S. generated $8.5 billion of GMV, up 5%, accelerating two points versus Q1. The acceleration was driven equally by Marketplace and StubHub. International delivered $12.3 billion of GMV, up 6% year-over-year. Moving to revenue. We delivered net revenues of $2.2 billion, up 7% versus last year, and accelerating one point versus Q1. We generated $1.7 billion of transaction revenue, up 5%, and $480 million of marketing services revenue, up 15%. Transitioning to our Marketplaces platform on slide 14. Q2 GMV grew 5% year-over-year, accelerating one point versus Q1. We are beginning to see early signs of recovery in such areas as mobile, C2C and SEO. While we are pleased to see the uptick in growth, we are cognizant we still have work ahead of us to stay on course. Transaction revenue grew 2%, up one point sequentially driven by the increase in volume, plus lower spend in contra revenue. Marketing services revenue grew 11%, decelerating eight points versus Q1, primarily driven by less ad monetization due to continued shift to mobile and fewer ad placements on the desktop. The PayPal operating agreement added 10 points of growth year-over-year to marketplace MS&O. Excluding the PayPal offering agreement, marketplace MS&O grew 1%. Moving to slide 15. Q2 was another standout quarter for StubHub. We delivered 35% GMV growth and 40% revenue growth, both accelerating six points versus Q1. We had a strong quarter across genres and in specific events such as the NBA finals, Copa America and Hamilton, to name a few. We also benefited from new product innovations introduced earlier this year. We released our virtual reality tool to a limited number of venues; and by the end of Q2, approximately 20% of StubHub customers utilized their virtual reality experience before buying their ticket for those venues. In addition, our fans have increasingly been using our ticket recommendation feature, helping them quickly find the lowest price, the best value, or the best seat. In Q2, we also kicked off an intensified cross merchandising effort between StubHub and Marketplace, providing fans with a great opportunity to buy gear and memorabilia for the event they are attending. Moving to slide 16. In Q2, Classifieds revenue grew 15% year-over-year, as we continue to drive strength in the automotive vertical across several geographies, including Germany, the Netherlands and Canada as well as our real estate verticals in Germany and Canada. While the growth decelerated two points versus Q1, Classifieds has consistently been in the double-digit range for the last six quarters. Turning to slide 17 and major cost drivers. Cost of revenue increased 160 basis points year-over-year, driven primarily by the addition of PayPal processing costs and the impact of foreign exchange. Q2 sales and marketing expense was relatively flat year-over-year, while product development increased 160 basis points. The increase was partially driven by the impact of foreign exchange, but primarily by the investment in structured data, the core product experience and emerging trends in e-commerce, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. G&A expense was relatively flat year-over-year, with stand-up costs offset by productivity. Pulling all of that together, we delivered Q2 operating margin of 29.1%, down 300 basis points versus last year. The impact of foreign exchange was approximately 83 basis points and stand-up costs an additional 90 basis points. The remaining increase was largely driven by our investment in product development. Moving to slide 18. In Q2, we delivered $0.43 in non-GAAP EPS, up $0.01 versus prior year, aided by share repurchases which added roughly $0.03 of EPS. This was offset in part by the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar and stand-up costs, which cost roughly $0.01 of EPS each. While my prepared remarks are focused on non-GAAP financial measures, I'd like to take a moment to touch on GAAP EPS. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP measures for eBay are stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles, and significant one-time items. In Q2, GAAP EPS was $0.38, up $0.03 versus Q2 2015. In addition to the $0.01 increase in non-GAAP EPS, the incremental $0.02 of GAAP EPS growth were driven by one-time investment gains in their associated tax effects. As we've done in the past, you can find a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in our press release and earnings slides which provide more detail. On slide 19. In Q2, we generated free cash flow of $617 million, up 79%, largely due to lapping separation related costs incurred last year. As we've previously discussed, 2016 will represent a more normalized level of free cash flow now that we're past separation, and we remain on track to deliver our full-year guidance of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. CapEx was 7% of revenue in Q2. Our full-year guidance remains 7% to 9%. Moving to slide 20, we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $10.4 billion, including $3.1 billion in the U.S. During Q2, and over the past few weeks we've announced multiple acquisitions, some of which have not yet closed. TicketBis, Ticket Utils, Expertmaker and SalesPredict are on strategy and provide us with geographical expansion, tech and talent acquisition, or both. We expect to spend approximately $250 million across all four acquisitions, although specific details have not been disclosed. In Q2, we repurchased 20.8 million shares at an average price of $23.99 per share, amounting to $500 million in share repurchases. We ended the quarter with $300 million of share repurchase authorization remaining. The board of directors has approved an incremental $2.5 billion in share repurchase authorization. We remain on track with our full-year plans for share repurchases as I laid out in our Q4 earnings call. Before going through guidance, I'd like to touch on three topics: Brexit; foreign exchange; and second-half lapping. First on Brexit, with a weaker pound, we are seeing a boost in UK exports, which is driving a strong start to the quarter for our international business. This is offset by weaker UK import demand, particularly in the U.S. corridor. We have yet to see the impact of an economic slowdown on the UK domestic marketplace. Second, on foreign exchange, as I explained last quarter, our revenue remains fully exposed to movements in currency, so when the U.S. dollar strengthen, it impacts revenue directly. During the last earnings call, we estimated that if currency rates held for the balance of the year, we would have $80 million of second-half revenue upside versus the guidance we issued in January. We did not include that upside in the updated April guidance on revenue and based on current rates we no longer expect any of this benefit. With regards to earnings, our hedging program is set up to economically protect net income, which means our exposure versus guidance is limited to the portion that remains unhedged. And while the majority of the second-half is hedged, foreign exchange will cost $0.01 of EPS in the back half of 2016 versus our prior full-year guidance. Keep in mind that based on how our hedging is accounted for, we will continue to see the impact of hedging gains and losses in operating margins and OI&E. Lastly, on second-half lapping, as we communicated previously, we will start lapping tougher comps for StubHub in September and we will start lapping the PayPal operating agreement in July. Now moving to Q3 guidance on slide 21. For Q3, we are projecting revenue between $2.16 billion and $2.19 billion, growing 6% to 7% year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.42 to $0.44 per share, representing minus 2% to plus 2% growth year-over-year. EPS growth is impacted by the stronger U.S. dollar, which in Q3 will cost us roughly seven points of growth, offset in part by the net benefit of the share repurchase program which adds roughly four points of EPS growth. Moving to the full-year guidance on slide 22. Based on continued strength across our platforms, we are raising revenue guidance for the full-year. Revenue is now projected to be $8.85 billion to $8.95 billion, growing 5% to 6% year-over-year. We are also raising non-GAAP EPS guidance, now projected to be $1.85 per share to $1.90 per share, growing 1% to 4% year-over-year. The increase in guidance is driven by higher revenue and a more favorable tax rate of 19% to 20%, partially offset by product investment and foreign exchange. The resulting impact is operating margin at the low end of the 31% to 33% range we provided in January. As always, you can find guidance for our projected GAAP measurements in the earnings release and appendix of the earnings presentation. I'd like to take a moment to reflect on where we are today versus what we committed to six months ago. In January, we projected revenue growth of 2% to 5% acknowledging that we had a lot of work ahead of us and that we aspired to do better. We now have two quarters of 6% to 7% revenue growth behind us and we believe we are on the right path. The green shoots on our strategic initiatives and the accelerating volume and revenue growth give us confidence to raise our projections for the full-year. That said, we are realistic about what we need to accomplish and the challenges that lie ahead. We are making progress in executing our plan and we remain confident in pursuing our strategy to provide the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform. And now, we would be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is now open.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe one for Devin and one for Scott. Devin, wanted to know if we could dive into some of what you're seeing on the structured data side on the category level? Is there anything you want to call out for us in terms of certain categories in terms of duration of how long they've seen structured data and what that might mean for GMV growth? Would love to get a little bit of color there. And then, Scott, on the cost structure of the business, we were a little surprised you called out lower contra revenue as well as lower sales and marketing but you saw a reacceleration. Want to know what that might mean for the cost structure of the business long-term and sort of return on marketing spend? Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Eric, for the question. On structured data, our current efforts are crossing all categories, but I guess what I would point out is that the category where we've had structured data the longest, which is in part why we went down this path is our parts and accessories business. We've had that, even before we embarked on this journey, we've had that in place for a couple of years. It also happens to be our fastest growing category. So, we do see that where we have time to build a catalog and then build experiences on top of it, in this case for parts and accessories we built what we call Fitment, which is simply the ability to swap parts in and out and understand what part fits what car, that's a great user experience. And each category is slightly different. That's unique to parts. But, we are seeing some of the benefits now come through across multiple categories. I'll turn it to Scott for the second part of the question.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Eric, in terms of marketing, a couple of dynamics. As we've talked about in the past, quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, we'll move contra to marketing expense and marketing expense to contra as we look to optimize our efficient frontier of how we reallocate marketing expense to drive growth over the long term. As it relates to this quarter, our marketing expense was roughly flat. And I think as you look forward, what you can expect is we'll be leaning in on our consideration and brand spend and reallocating within our marketing expense. That's not to preclude that we wouldn't invest more in contra, per se, but that's kind of what we expect in the second-half which is a bit more within marketing expense reallocation.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Devin, was hoping you could maybe get a little bit more into some of the contra revenue at least to provide kind of a context for where we are now. If you were thinking about this scale of one to 10, obviously contra revenue went up significantly after the data breach and everything. Are we now back down to where we were prior to that, are we 70% of the way down? What's the right way to think of where we are and sort of how much further there is to go to potentially get back to normal? And then to the extent that motors is an area that you've seen significant strength over the last few quarters, how much of that would you say is a function of motors being one of the categories or one of the areas where you started with structured data early and is it right to think of that as a leading indicator for the rest of the business?
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Heath, this is Scott. Let me start with parts and accessories and just make sure I differentiate between automotive. I think, as you know, vehicles, automotive, we don't put into GMV, more shows up in subscription revenue within MS&O. But for parts and accessories, we've had a catalog in Fitment for a good period of time and I think you can see through the product experience in a number of different areas that it's going to change over time and how we're going to migrate towards a product experience that's based more on a catalog. And that's more specific and helpful when you search for an item. I think that's a one foundational aspect as we think about going forward with our structured data initiative. It's not, however, the overall aspects. I'm going to turn it over to Devin in a second to comment on that. To your earlier question on contra, year-over-year, we are actually spending a little bit more contra, but quarter-to-quarter we're spending less. And so the way I would think about it is, we're going to pulse this up and down. I foresee it to be somewhat seasonal and very much ROI-focused on testing our efficient frontier on CLV. So, I don't know if it's going to migrate down per se, as your question implied. I just view it as, over time we're going to reallocate within our marketing expense and in the second-half of the year, you can expect us to reallocate it towards the top of the funnel, or much more consideration focused spend. And on occasion, we'll continue to spend into contra as the ROIs dictate.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And just on that, as we've said for two quarters in a row, we play a long game on contra. You could buy growth but destroy value, and we've never done that. And those numbers move around. We test the frontier of that, but we're going to keep playing a long game. Contra for us is about acquiring healthy customer cohorts, and we'll keep doing that. On the structured data question, Heath, again, look, I don't want to read too much into any one category or any historical approach. For me, we've gone on a broad-based re-platforming of our data infrastructure. In January, I said I thought you might start to see it showing up a bit by the end of the year, two quarters in advance. This quarter, we're starting to see it show up a bit. And I don't want to get over our skis. This is the beginning. We still have a lot of work to do. We've got a lot of re-platforming left. A lot of user experiences still to build. But there's no doubt that where we have deployed these new user experiences we're seeing either improved conversion or improved traffic or both. And you can just see it in the user experience, it's not a leap of the imagination, it's just a simpler, better user experience that shows how eBay is unique by showing our consumers the broad-based spectrum of value we have in a way that's not overwhelming. And that's why we've gone down this path. And this quarter gives us confidence that we're on the right path.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Devin. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carlos Kirjner-Neto with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. You have said that eBay's customer experience should be fundamentally different by the fourth quarter in large part because of the ongoing structured data initiative. Yet your slide on the progress of structured data suggests only a small portion of the potential product pages were deployed by the end of 2Q. Is it correct then to assume that we should see a large number of structured data pages deployed in 3Q and are you on path to achieve that? And secondly, can you shed some light on the extent to which the 11% FX neutral growth in fixed-price GMV was due to cannibalization of auctions or is that close to a clean organic growth? Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, let me take the first part, Carlos. Thanks for the question. We are on track with our structured data plan. We're where we thought we were going to be. It was never going to be smooth quarter-by-quarter. There are times that we go faster, times we go slower. I would say I do expect to see a fairly large ramp of our deployed, both product and browse pages in the back half of this year. I just want to correct one thing you said, which is I think what I said is you'll start to feel it by the end of the year. You'll start to see it in the numbers and start to feel it. I didn't say everything would be done by the end of this year. It won't be done. This is a multiyear effort, but you're starting to see it and feel it now two quarters in advance. And we expect that we will ramp both the coverage and the experiences built on top of the foundation in the second-half of the year. I'll expect acceleration in that. The second part of the question was fixed price versus auction. Scott, why don't you take that one?
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Carlos, the way I would think about the fixed price and the auction dynamic is auctions declined 16% this quarter, which is four points better than last quarter. So, while clearly not to our aspirations and not what we expect, if you consider that's a proxy for C2C, we've made some progress. And fixed price was roughly flat or down a point. I don't really view the shift from fixed price to auctions as cannibalization. I just think it's reflective of some of our efforts on the C2C side that we've talked about. In particular some of the work that we've been doing on Valet and FedEx in the U.S. as well as our partnership with Shyp as well as continuing to remove some of the friction from the consumer selling experience, leveraging some of the structured data work that we've talked about.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Great. Thank you. A couple of questions. Just on the 15 million structured data pages live, what could that look like by 4Q? I guess what's the opportunity there and how much more pages could we see by the end of the year? And then secondly, I'm calculating kind of a 1% decline in U.S. Marketplace revenues based on the percentage mix you give in the report. Is that right or is it zero  it could be rounding, but just what was that number for U.S. Marketplace? Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Justin. Let me take the first part of the question. And this relates back to Carlos' question, also. I do expect acceleration. I would expect to see a significant ramp of the number of product and browse pages. I think what I would hope for  it's not a forecast, but I would hope to see a number over 100 million by the end of the year. I also want to just caution that you can't take 15 million, draw a line to 100 million and say, there's the growth. It's different categories, some of that will be media. But that's the degree of re-platforming we're doing. And you will see a fairly significant broadening of these new experiences in the second-half. I'll turn it over to Scott for the second part of the question.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Justin, let me start at the top real quick. Total revenue for the company was 7%, up one point quarter-over-quarter. If you just double-click into Marketplaces, Q2 Marketplace transaction revenue accelerated one point to 2%. And the U.S. transaction revenue was minus 1%, which is I think what you flagged, which is up five points quarter-over-quarter. And really that's driven by two things. One, the increased volume, as well as less contra quarter-to-quarter.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark May with Citi. Your line is now open.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. I had a couple of questions that are just kind of digging into the guidance on more of a segment level. Given the strength at StubHub and you've talked about the difficult comps, I just wonder if you could frame that a little bit? How are you thinking about the growth rate going forward in the second half as you face these comps? And sort of when you strip out some of the benefits, kind of how should we be thinking about underlying organic growth for that business when we get beyond kind of this difficult comp period? And I guess similarly around the Marketplace or transaction business, as we exit the year or into the second half of the year in Q4, your comps in Q4 in particular get pretty easy. How are we thinking about growth exiting the year given those factors, the cumulative effect of structured data and maybe a better contra revenue backdrop? I mean are you thinking that we could be in the high single-digits or even double-digits exiting the year for that segment? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Mark, look, I think we delivered solid first half results. The way we're thinking about it for the second-half is based on revenue at 6% to 7% in the first half, we expect Q3 to be about 6% to 7% as we continue to execute our initiatives. We did raise our outlook for revenue for the rest of the year and for the total year to 5% to 6%. And the thing I would think about is just keep in mind that the second-half dynamic is such that both StubHub has some pretty significant lapping that we expect a deceleration in their growth rate, and PayPal, the PayPal operating agreements, we start to lap them. And the combination of those two things put about one to two points of downward pressure on our revenue in the second-half of the year. But, I wouldn't let that take away from the  look, I think with a revenue guide of 5% to 6% for the full-year, I think it should show relative confidence versus the last time. I wouldn't put a double-digit number on that, though, just to be clear.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Two questions, please. You talked about kind of an improvement in SEO traffic and just if you could please comment on how sustainable you think that is? And then secondly, you did mention investments in AI and ML machine learning. Have we already seen some impact of those investments, like can you just bring it down to the P&L or bring it down to trends and how that would actually show up? Are we already seeing it or is that something that's a multi-year rollout and how would that show up? Okay, thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: First on SEO. Yeah, we've had SEO challenges since May of 2014 when Google made a significant algorithm change and a few other factors were in play. And there's been downward pressure slowly on our SEO channel ever since. It's been a long, slow decline since then. It turned around this quarter in part, because I believe we're putting fantastic user experiences based on structured data into our SEO channel. I wouldn't get overly excited. It was marginally positive, but it was a positive trend. I do expect that trend to continue. We don't know because we don't control the SEO channel entirely. There are other factors at play. But my hope is that we've gone from a slow steady downtick to a slow steady uptick from here. Because I think objectively if you look at these new experiences, they are some of the best shopping experiences available on the Internet. On artificial intelligence and machine learning, some of it depends on how you use the term. I guess I'd say two things. One is, when we talk about processing the data as the second step of our structured data approach, that is machine learning. That is taking the raw material that we get from sellers who are identifying the products they're selling through product identifiers and turning that into a catalog by using computing power to understand the association, the hierarchies and taxonomies that go into building a catalog that tells us where things go on the shelves metaphorically. So yes, we're already doing that. I think that when I look out to the future, we're also planting seeds, because I think that the impact of AI will be much more significant on commerce eventually. I think that when we see now the way large scale datasets are being used by algorithms through things like GPUs and the cloud, to me AI is going to be the next platform revolution. And just like eBay was early on the Internet, was early on mobile. I want us to be early on AI. So, yes, it's part of how we're building the catalog, but I think when I look out a few years, it's going to be significant for a massive improvement to personalization for consumers and targeting to sellers. So, we're building that capability now, possibly a little bit in advance of when that platform revolution comes.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Devin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks and congratulations on the good quarter. In terms of the higher conversion rates from the new product pages through SEO, I'm wondering if there is any reason why that conversion wouldn't increase by a similar or directionally similar amount as well from direct traffic? And then secondly, given the improved rankings you are achieving in organic search, does this offer a way to reduce ad spend if you're showing up higher in search or is that allowing part of the reallocation of spending to brand as you mentioned? Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I guess  Thanks, Colin. I direct the first question to slide number five. I think that's the right one. It's called structured data user experiences. And the question was would the conversion hold when we look at the direct channel? It depends. I think for us the biggest question is how do we deploy this in the search results pages, where a lot of the traffic ends up whether it's through SEO or direct. And we're just starting to experiment with that. That as you would understand is the area we have to be the most careful. And that's when people say why don't you just throw all these experiences in, it seems to be working. We've got a high converting, very high traffic search channel. I think that these pages matter in there. They will make an impact. But that's the main artery of commerce. And we've got to be careful and that will take test and learn time. Is there any reason I believe that we won't get conversion improvements? No. There's no reason that I would believe we would not get conversion improvements over time. Again I want to caution, this is not straight up into the right from here, we've got a lot of work to do. I said it was a multiyear journey a year ago. It's still a multiyear journey. We're seeing some green shoots, but it's still a multiyear journey. I want to make sure we don't get over exuberant and say, wow, this is just going to explode from here. We still have a ton of work to do on this and I just want to make sure, everybody understands that. On the second question around brand. There's two things that are going on  actually three. One is, we're clear about our brand. We're clear about what the eBay brand stands for and how it's different and how that manifests itself to consumers. This idea of everybody can find their version of perfect is distinct to eBay, and I want every consumer in the world to understand that eventually and that's our job. I said two quarters ago, we have to sharpen our brand and now we're clear about what it is. Second, we do like the trajectory we're on with these user experiences. We believe that if we bring more people to eBay they'll like what they see. And third, in the second quarter, we began to do some consideration testing. We did a test in the UK, we did a test in the U.S. A little bit of brand spend, a little bit of top of funnel, that was a little outdoor, a little television and the results were positive. We saw traffic and new user acceleration. Based on those three things, we're going to reallocate marketing spend. Don't expect us to do a huge overlay. Certainly not at this point. We're going to take spend from mid and bottom funnel, reallocate it to brand and top of the funnel, and in our major markets, you should begin to see that show up through the second-half, particularly once the summer is over, you should begin to feel the sharpened eBay brand in our major markets.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. One for Scott and one for Devin. First, Scott you indicated that you've seen some imposed Brexit trade-off in the UK on exports and imports, but overall the UK not slowing. Are you comfortable now that you're in a stable place in the UK and then also just more broadly across Europe, given any macro or FX-related impacts? And then, Devin, you obviously had the new buyback authorization. Can you talk about how you and the board have thought about a buyback relative to a dividend in any recent discussions? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. First question on Brexit. Look, at this point what I'd tell you is it's too early to tell. What I've flagged is, we have seen the normal trade quarter shifts based on the strength of the U.S. dollar vis--vis the pound and the euro, quite frankly. And the uptick in the UK exports with the corresponding drop in imports, especially from the U.S. and Germany is what we would normally expect to see, but it's early days. So no doubt that we've seen a deceleration of our growth in exports from the U.S. to the UK and the same for Germany. But it's early days on this and we'll continue to watch what's going on with the domestic UK Marketplace as we go forward in the quarter.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: On capital allocation. Obviously, Scott can comment on it, but I'll just say from my perspective, we're disciplined capital allocators, and the shareholders that I've spoken to appreciate that and it's a long game. And we don't want to get buffeted by whatever the flavor of the month is, in terms of this is more in favor or that's more in favor. You're beginning to see that over time we're reducing the denominator and that's having an impact. Scott talked about the leverage we're starting to get from reducing the share count and we believe in our platform. I guess that's the most important thing. We wouldn't be buying equity back if we didn't believe in our platform. We do. And obviously, over time it feels good to be buying stock back in the low 20%s or whatever the average number was when the stock is significantly higher for that. That's how you reward long shareholders who stay with us. And right now, we're going to keep doing that and we'll be disciplined in how we allocate capital and we've always said that.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Look, what I'd flag, Doug is, we remain on track with our full-year plans as I said for the share repurchases as I laid out in our earnings call. The additional share authorization, repurchase authorization from the board enables us to do that. And we'll continue to be disciplined about how we return and utilize capital.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Peck with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Robert S. Peck - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. Hi. Thank you. I just have two questions here related to competition. One, could you talk about the impact you saw in July on Prime Day, positive or negative flows there? And then number two, could you talk about one of the big topics in the space has been increase on brands and fraud, some recent news around Amazon on that. Are you seeing any benefit or detriment based on some of the trends on fraud and brand protection? Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me start at the top. It's a super competitive market. There hasn't been any material change in the competitive landscape over the last six months. It was very competitive. It's still very competitive. With regard to Prime Day, look, I don't want to really get into it other than saying Prime Day was a really good day for us. It was a really strong day of growth for us.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Look, to your second question, Bob, I would say that fundamentally, counterfeits aren't welcome on eBay. We're committed to combatting the sale of counterfeit goods and have been consistently an Internet leader in working to stop the online sale of counterfeit goods, working with a combination of sophisticated detection tools and strong relationship with brand owners and retailers and law enforcement agencies. And as we think about that and then the overall trust on our marketplace, what we're striving to do is improve the trust, make sure people know they're buying authentic goods and that, on a go-forward basis, we continue to expand our eBay protection and eBay guarantee that's available in the major markets today.
Robert S. Peck - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Fantastic. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Kramer with Arete. Your line is now open.
Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP: Thanks very much. A couple of quick ones that don't seem to be touched on. Can you de-dupe the new active buyers or the active buyers between StubHub and eBay and give us a sense of what sort of targets you might have for the overlap or some success you might get between getting StubHub or Classified users to also become eBay active buyers? And one for Scott, when you look at the new higher levels of free cash flow to sales that you've seen, how should we think about that not just through the end of the year but into next year? Are you seeing these new levels as a result of some of the efficiencies now that you are a year on from the split and why wouldn't we expect these to be continued over time unless there is a significant new investment cycle taken?
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks. On the first part of the question, it's important to me to drive synergy between our platforms, and StubHub has always benefited by being part of eBay and we're driving hard at that. So an example of what we're striving to do is have StubHub merchandise. It's a perfectly natural use case. I'm going to the game, I want to buy the jersey. And you're going to see more of that over time as we share traffic and as we merchandise and as we drive the eBay tickets category to StubHub. There's a really good complement between traffic customers and merchandising and we'll drive hard at that. On Classifieds, similarly we have a couple of very interesting experiments. I'm encouraged by about how do we show consumer-sold inventory on both platforms? At the end of the day it's a different format, but ultimately it's a consumer trying to sell an item and there's a buyer somewhere that wants that item. So, we believe there's an experience that can get the best out of both of those platforms and we're starting to test our way into that. So, I'm encouraged by the cooperation between the various platforms. And I'm going to push hard at that as we go forward.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Richard, on free cash flow, look it's a bit preliminary to be talking about 2017 free cash flow, but as I think about the underlying cash flow dynamics of the company, we'll generate between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion of cash this year with CapEx as a percentage of revenue at 7% to 9%, and I don't really anticipate that being significantly different into the future.
Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Pitz with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian J. Pitz - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Just had a few more on StubHub. Was traction around product improvements as expected or better with consumers what you're seeing? Also any comment on the change in the competitive environment versus last year, which I think you called out a couple of times? And finally, do you plan on additional tuck-ins around the ticketing business? Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't know whether it was better than we expected or what we expected, but I'm really pleased. There's no doubt that the innovation at the point of the product is driving StubHub share gains and market competitive position. Both the ticket pricing engine and the change to the way pricing is displayed have driven clear demonstrable growth. I'm even amazed when we talk about making innovative bets to the future. When we went down the path of building a VR application, we thought it was a little early, but it was an interesting thing to do, see how consumers like it. You heard in Scott's remarks, for the venues available, mostly MLB baseball stadiums, I mean, 20% of ticket sales touched that VR application. That's a big deal. And we have excellent product and technology capability, not just in StubHub and in eBay. And as the world moves to digital, I want to use that to drive a competitive wedge between us and the physical world. So, I feel really good about StubHub's market position. Their growth is going to come down because they're going to hit a growth wall as Scott said in September, but that doesn't change the fact that StubHub is very well positioned in the market right now. On acquisitions, steady as she goes. If we find acquisitions that make sense to expand their portfolio, whether it's tech, talent or geographic expansion or whatever, we won't hesitate to do it. We have a strong balance sheet. We'll be disciplined. But, we won't back down from accelerating on our strategy.
Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Ron Josey with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Devin, you mentioned improved tools for sellers and I think you highlighted helping sellers identify where demand is. And so with that in mind, can you talk a little bit more about the Seller Hub? I think you said in 1Q 25,000 sellers were using the tool and it's going to roll out more broadly I think this summer. So, wondering if these increased metrics around product sales have led to just increased relative velocity overall with product sales? Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks for the question. Yeah, it has been launched in the U.S. There are now over 120,000 sellers that are currently using Seller Hub, mostly in the U.S., and they like the tool. And the tool for us is one part helping them manage their inventory and one part giving them insight into their pricing and supply/demand gaps within the marketplace. We mentioned that they can get great data on what's trending and where buyers are looking for inventory in their gaps. And they can fill those gaps with inventory. It's a great real time, in essence, inventory management system for both sellers and in many ways for eBay. Later this year, we'll begin rolling it out through Europe and more broadly. I wouldn't really draw  I draw a closer line between the consumer side structured data and the new user experiences to the quarter acceleration than to Seller Hub, but Seller Hub helps over the long run. And I want to build a great experience for our sellers just like we are for our consumers. And that's a really core part of it is Seller Hub.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha  Vice President of Investor Relations Devin Wenig  President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Schenkel  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Carlos Kirjner-Neto  Alliance Bernstein Mark May  Citi Heath Terry  Goldman Sachs Mark Mahaney  RBC Capital Markets Eric Sheridan  UBS Scott Devitt  Stifel Justin Post  Merrill Lynch Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan Brian Pitz  Jefferies Richard Kramer  Arete Research
Operator: Welcome to the eBay First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer section and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Selim Freiha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Selim Freiha: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2016. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany both Devin's and Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's prepared remarks represent FX-neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our investor relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of this webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before begin I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the future performance of EBay, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries including the expected financial results for the second quarter and full year 2016 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks and uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be contained by visiting the company's Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com or the SEC's website at www.SEC.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 26, 2016, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon, everyone. In Q1 we delivered our third quarter in a row of solid results. Our business continues to consistently grow while we make progress against our key strategic objectives. Overall total GMV was up 5% for the quarter, while revenue was up 6%. We [indiscernible] by 4% year-over-year adding six million buyers for our platforms over the past year. GMV on our Marketplace platform grew 4% year-over-year and StubHub's and classified's both had strong performances, growing revenue at 34% and 17%, respectively. Finally, we continued to be good capital stewards, repurchasing $1 billion worth of our stock at attractive prices and acquiring new technology and talent to bolster our Motors vertical. Repositioning our business for long-term success is a multiyear journey and my focus is to drive the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform while delivering growth and opportunistically returning capital to shareholders. Three quarters into our new strategy and one quarter into 2016 we are making progress on executing our plan. First, our effort to drive best choice is about providing the greatest selection of inventory for our consumers. This encompasses new everyday items, to rare and unique goods with incredible deals you can only find on eBay. We've aligned our regional organizations more closely against our key verticals, which in turn enables them to think and act more like merchants. In Q1 we continued to increase the inventory available on our platform with over $900 million live listings available at any time. We're also working to bring even more unique and differentiated inventory by acquiring new small business sellers and brands. In Q1 we announced integration partnerships with big commerce and inkFrog, enabling sellers to more easily list their inventory directly on eBay and access our enormous global buyer base. We also launched brands like Vince Camuto and Samsonite on our U.S. platform and I'm excited to announce we just signed a partnership with Adidas to open showrooms on eBay across our key European markets later this year. In addition to these efforts, you can expect several exciting new category launches soon. Next, having the most relevance means a shopping experience that is simple, data-driven and personalized. We intend to differentiated eBay shopping experience that enables buyers to find, compare and purchase items they need and want and to clearly understand the unique value that eBay brings. One of the key foundational changes we're making to our Marketplace platform to drive the most relevance is to shift to be more product-based. This initiative, which we call structured data, is how we're organizing our vast inventory and beginning to better aggregate insight into supply and demand. This is ultimately the foundation on which we'll build better user experiences, and improve discoverability on and off eBay. In Q1 we rolled out the second phase of our mandate for sellers to provide product data when selling on our platform going live in France, Italy and Spain for the first time while also increasing coverage to eight more categories. This brings our mandate coverage to find us the percentage of addressable live listings where a product identifier is required to approximately 60%. We've also continued to make progress in our data processing efforts. However, that effort does tend to trail the expansion of the mandate by a quarter or two. In Q1 we added 16 million unique products to our catalog in addition to 1.6 million new user product reviews. Now while most of our early efforts with this initiative have focused primarily on our sellers and our inventory, enabling improved buyer experiences is what will ultimately drive value in our ecosystem. It also takes the longest to get right. But we're making progress in some early use cases that give us confidence that we're on the right track. Browsing on eBay is one example of where we started to change our shopping experience in ways that we have not previously been able to. We recently launched an entirely new browse experience which takes advantage of our structured data catalog, enabling us to instantly surface products with great savings, best-selling items and more. In this experience consumers can easily navigate to shop by brand or see our best deals. This is a great example of how eBay is enabling people to find their version of perfect. The right product at a great price, one click away. Search on eBay is also starting to benefit from our efforts in this area. We recently launched the ability for users to search on eBay using a product identifier directly in the search bar, quickly returning relevant items. Finally, we're making progress on building new product and search pages which are starting to drive healthy SEO traffic from search engines. While SEO traffic from non-structured data pages continues to decline, we've been able to offset much of that decline by shifting traffic to these new pages which now represent 10% of total SEO traffic with higher overall conversion rates. Mobile's another key area of focus for us. Our Mobile team has been hard at work on a new mobile release which is currently in testing. We'll roll this out more broadly to consumers soon and we'll rapidly iterate that to get our Mobile experience back on a strong track. Looking forward, you will see us adopt a more consistent cadence of iteration on Mobile throughout the course of 2016. Having the most relevance also means ensuring we're present where buyers are spending time online. As part of this, we continue to build upon our effort to diversify our traffic and leverage social channels more heavily. We rely became the first brand to test an audience match campaign on Snapchat and we've seen great engagement thus far amongst Snapchat's large active community. We've just announced the pilot integration that enable eBay users to receive activity notifications through Facebook Messenger. Finally, the third main area of focus for us this year is to deliver the most powerful selling platform, enabling a simple selling experience for our business and consumer sellers. In Q1 we rolled out the new seller standards that were announced last fall and we recently announced our spring seller update with a significant investment into our anchor store benefits and planned improvements later this year to our suite of APIs and the availability of eBay-branded shipping supplies. Over 25,000 sellers are now using our new seller hub data to manage their businesses, providing them with the tools and data needed to manage their selling activities in one convenient place. We'll be rolling solar hub out to all of our sellers this summer. We also continue to scale our eBay valet service to enable consumer sellers with a simple yet powerful way to approach selling on eBay. And we expanded our partnership with Ship in Q1, further simplifying the selling experience on eBay by enabling your sold items to be picked up at your home and packed and shipped for you. Elsewhere in our business, StubHub is enjoying strong growth while driving innovative user experiences. StubHub continues to benefit from product experience changes we made in Q3 last year in addition to having a strong concert and sports landscape in Q1. We also made several enhancements to the StubHub user experience in the quarter, including a new recommendation engine which enables users to quickly determine the best value for their tickets. And we recently launched a test of virtual reality technology which enables fans to get an immersive view from available seats. Our Classified platform saw accelerating growth primarily driven by strength across our portfolio in Germany and with Gumtree in the U.K. In Germany the acquisition last year of the leading European Motors enthusiast community, Motor Talk, has enabled us to further enhance our market-leading presence in the Motors vertical. In the U.K. we launched a complete redesign of the Gumtree experience in Q1. In summary, we are making progress on our strategy and on the financial framework we laid out in January. The product experience flywheel is clicking into gear and over the next second quarters we expect to make significant progress on launching new user experiences. I look forward to updating you along the way as we continue to reposition eBay's business for long-term growth and success. With that, let me turn it over to Scott to provide more details on our Q1 results.
Scott Schenkel: Thanks, Devin. During my discussion I'll reference our earnings presentation beginning on Slide 10. As Devin summarized, our focus is to drive the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform while delivering on our financial commitments and positioning eBay for long-term success. When I reflect on the last nine months of executing our new strategy, I feel good about the progress we are making and the stability we are seeing in the business. At the same time, it is important to keep in mind our progress. Due to the scale of our global Marketplace it will take time for the green shoots we are seeing to start materially impacting the business. While we execute our plan, we will continue to deliver what we promised. In Q1, we generated $2.1 billion of total revenue, $0.47 of non-GAAP EPS, $483 million in free cash flow, and we repurchased $1 billion of our stock. Let's start at the top of the funnel with Q1 active buyers on Slide 11. We added over 800,000 active buyers in Q1. Trailing  growing trailing 12-month active buyers by 4%. As we've discussed, we look at active buyers in three cohorts: retained, reactivated and new. Growth in retained and reactivated buyers remains stable as we utilize marketing programs and promotions to drive engagement and retention. However, SCO headwinds continue impacting new buyer acquisition, driving one point of deceleration versus Q4. On slide 12. We enabled $20.5 billion of GMV in Q1, growing 5% versus last year. By geography the U.S. generated $8.5 billion of GMV, up 3%. While international delivered $12 billion of GMV, up 6%. Moving to revenue. We delivered net revenues of $2.1 billion, up 6% versus last year and accelerating one point versus Q4. We generated $1.7 billion of transaction revenue, up 3%, and $460 million of marketing services revenue, up 19%. Transitioning to our Marketplace's platform on Slide 14, Q1 GMV grew 4% year-over-year in line with the prior quarter. While we face the ongoing challenges of SCO, the continued impact of mobile headwinds and the pressure on our sea to sea business, we are encouraged by delivering stable quarter-over-quarter growth. Total revenue for Marketplace's platform grew 3%, accelerating two points versus Q4. Transaction revenue grew 1%, up one point sequentially driven by international acceleration. In the U.S. we invested more heavily in contra-revenue this quarter as we continuously experiment with a wide variety of promotions to see what is most effective in driving customer lifetime value. However, our global transaction take rate was flat versus Q4 as the increase in U.S. contra-revenue was offset by a decrease internationally. Marketing services revenue grew 19%, accelerating 10 points over Q4. U.S. advertising contributed to the strong quarter as a result of growing our Mobile ad placements and improving yields in problematic display ads. In addition, the PayPal operating agreement is included in our MS&O revenue stream, adding 10 points of growth year-over-year. Moving to slide 15. Q1 was another standout quarter for StubHub. We delivered GMV growth of 29% and we grew revenue by 34%. We had a strong quarter in Sports and Concerts in addition to launching a number of product innovations like ticket recommendations, which helped fans find the best value for the tickets they want. In addition, we continue to see the impact of the product improvements launched last August, including pricing display changes and our updated mobile app. While we're very excited about the direction StubHub is headed, it's important to keep in mind, we will start lapping the favorable comps from some of those changes in Q3. In Q1 Classifieds delivered a strong quarter of growth, up 17% year-over-year, accelerating three points versus Q4. The strong performance in Q1 was driven by our sites in developed markets such as eBay [indiscernible] and mobile.de in Germany, and Gumtree in the U.K. In addition, we launched in app chat for our mobile experience allowing buyers and sellers to message each other and facilitate even easier, faster buying experience. We also further extended our vertical experience in Cargigi Canada with Motors and housing. Finally, we continue to deepen the connection between our Marketplace in Classified platforms. We are piloting a number of different programs regionally, including exposing listings from eBay on our [indiscernible] properties and providing a tool for sea to sea sellers to identify which platform can help them realize the best price. Turning to slide 17 and major cost drivers. Costs of revenue increased 240 basis points year-over-year driven primarily by the addition of PayPal processing costs and increased investment in site availability. Q1 sales and marketing expense was relatively flat year-over-year, while product development increased 50 basis points driven by the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar. G&A was flat year-over-year as standup costs were offset by a one-time insurance recovery. Pulling all of that together, we delivered a Q1 operating margin of 33.4%, down 220 basis points versus last year. Operating leverage in transaction losses in the insurance recovery were more than offset by the increase in costs of revenue, as well as the impact of foreign exchange in standup costs which just cost us roughly 140 and 100 basis points, respectively. I'd like to take a moment to update you on our hedging strategy. On our Q2 earnings call last July I explained that our revenue was fully exposed to movements in currency and that for 2015 we had implemented hedging strategies to economically protect our full-year net income, some of which left us exposed to potential volatility in our quarterly results. In 2016 our revenue remains fully exposed to movements in currency. We have implemented hedging strategies that allow us to limit the potential quarterly volatility and minimize the effects of FX in our current year earnings. Based on how those strategies are accounted for, we will see the impact of hedging costs, hedging gains and losses in operating margin and OIE while net income is economically protected. Moving to slide 18. In Q1 we delivered $0.47 in non-GAAP EPS, down $0.01 versus Q1 2015 as revenue growth, the impact of share repurchases and cost control were more than offset by the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar in standup costs. The impact of the stronger U.S. dollar cost us roughly $0.03 of EPS and standup cost an additional $0.01. On slide 19. In Q1 we generated free cash flow of $483 million, up 19% largely due to higher cash earnings driven by an increase in revenue. And lapping separation related costs incurred last year. CapEx was 7% of revenue in Q1 and our full year CapEx guidance remains 7% to 9%. Moving to slide 20. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $10.3 billion, including $3.4 billion in the U.S. As a reminder, our capital allocation policy is designed to manage the capital structure that optimizes our financial flexibility, access the debt and our cost of capital to drive long-term shareholder value. After retiring $850 million of debt last year, we accessed the debt markets in Q1, raising $2.25 billion dollars in debt. We plan to use the debt for general corporate purposes as well as share repurchases and M&A activity. We remain a strong BBB credit rated company with gross debt to EBITDA ratio below three times, and we believe we are well capitalized with the means to deliver our current plans. We will continue to be an inquisitive company, disciplined in our approach, utilizing M&A for geographical expansion, and tech and talent acquisition. Over the last nine months we made a few small acquisitions that fall into these categories. The most recent being the acquisition of Cargigi that we announced in March. A great addition to our eBay Motors platform. In Q1 we repurchased $42.3 million shares at an average price of $23.67 per share amounting to $1 billion in repurchases. We ended the quarter with $800 million of share repurchased authorization remaining. We remain on track with our full year plans for share repurchases as I laid out in our last Earnings Call. Moving to guidance on slide 21. For Q2 we are projecting revenue between $2.14 billion and $2.19 billion using today's spot rates, growing 4% to 6% year-over-year. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.40 to $0.42 per share, representing negative 5 to 0% growth year-over-year. EPS growth is impacted by the stronger U.S. dollar, which in Q2 will cost us $0.02 of EPS, and standup costs which cost an additional $0.01. For the full year, we are raising the low end of revenue guidance to 3%, bringing our new guidance range to 3% to 5% or $8.6 billion to $8.8 billion as reported. While the U.S. dollar has weakened since we provided guidance last quarter, we have not assumed the entire benefit in our full year guidance. A relatively small movement in rates can have a significant impact on our second half revenue. And given recent volatility in catalyst that could generate more movement, we felt the best approach is not to count on the upside at this time. If recent spot rates do hold for the rest of the year, we estimate that all else equal, there will be roughly $80 million of upside to our second a half and thus full year revenue. All other full year guidance remains the same. In closing, we are executing the plans we have discussed for our marketplace platform. It will take time but we are encouraged by some of the green shoots we are experience  we are beginning to see. StubHub is bringing new differentiated experiences to fans, Classifieds continues to grow, launching new experiences and testing innovative ways to connect buyers and sellers, and there is more innovation coming. Financially, Q1 was a solid start to 2016 as we delivered on our commitments with revenue and EPS above guidance. We're on target with our full year plans to return capital to shareholders and we are being disciplined in the use of capital and debt while architecting for the long-term. And we have firmed up our full year outlook. Underpinning all of these efforts is our focus to drive the best choice, the most relevance and a powerful selling platform as we position eBay for long-term success. And now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Carlos Kirjner-Neto from Alliance Bernstein.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto: Hi. Thank you. I have two questions. Devin, you continue to sound optimistic about the progress of the structure B initiative. But neither GMV nor Userglove have shown any signs of movement in the results you reported. When should we see a significantly different and presumably better eBay experience? And will that drive GMV and user acceleration? Is this going be a continuous process where we see a jump? Or should we see gradual improvement in the results? And secondly, can you tell us what was the U.S. GMV growth ex StubHub? And did you see any positive impact from the weakening of the U.S. dollar in March on the Marketplace GMV growth? Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Carlos, thanks for the question. With regard to the structure data, let me just take the opportunity to remind you what we're doing. There are three phases to structured data, there's collecting product identifiers, there processing those identifiers, and then there's building user experiences. With regard to collecting product data we've now expanded that mandate to 60% of our listings with regard to what we processed that has lagged the 60% because it takes a bit longer, and our mandate only expanded in the middle of the quarter, so that's at 38%. And we're beginning to build the product experiences that ultimately are what matter to consumers and sellers and that will drive better business performance. We measure everything rigorously, so I gave a couple of examples on this call of the experiences that we are already building. One example is we're beginning to move our non-structured data enabled SCO pages to structured data enabled pages. Those pages are now stable to slightly growing at better conversion rates than the 90% of pages that we haven't moved yet, which have been declining for the better part of 18 months. In addition, if you look at our browse pass, these are entirely new experience which we're really excited about. Not just because it makes for a simpler eBay experience, but because I think we're beginning to show what's unique about eBay. When we talk about unique inventory and great deals, historically they've been hard to find. And I think what structured data enables us to do is to really surface those in a way that hits consumers right between the eyes so they can see why shop eBay. Just back to your question more directly. I'll say what I've always said which is this is a long-term process. There isn't a moment where it's all fix and everything jumps up. In fact I think I've consistently said that you probably wouldn't even be able to really see these experiences until towards the end of this year. So this is a slow process which will take time, but we are definitely seeing progress on that journey. And I'd say it's going about exactly the way we've explained for the better part of six months.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, and Carlos on your question on U.S. GMV. Q1 volume purchased by U.S. buyers grew 5% as we highlighted in the deck in the attached material. That decelerated two points as you can see. One point of that deceleration was from StubHub and the other point of that deceleration was from the underlying buyer dynamics. And I would characterize them as similar to the deceleration in active buyers. Then on your other question around the foreign exchange impact. We have seen some modest improvement particularly in the last month of the quarter around CBT trade corridors. There does tend to be a slight lag between currency movements and trade flows.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark May from Citi.
Mark May: Hi. Thank you. Quick question. U.S. take-rate decline year-on-year. Can you walk us through why take-rates are declining here and what your outlook is for U.S. take-rates going forward? Then secondly, sorry if you addressed this already, but classifieds growth accelerated meaningfully in the quarter. Can you just give us a little backdrop on what drove that? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Mark, quick elevate up here on the revenue dynamics. So as we laid out, but I know everyone's kind of processing this real time, total revenue grew 6% up a point quarter-on-quarter. The Marketplaces revenue grew 3% up two points quarter-on-quarter. And then StubHub grew 34% which is flat quarter-on-quarter, and Classifieds grew 17% which was three points up quarter-on-quarter. Specific to the U.S., I would characterize it this way. There's a one point incremental gap in the U.S. Marketplace transaction revenue versus GMV growth quarter-over-quarter. And so that gap expanded as we ran a number of different promotions in Q1 to test the efficacy of our marketing spend, some of which shows up in contra. And so modestly more contra quarter-over-quarter. With regards to Classifieds we kind of called it out in the prepared commentary. But our primary market in our developed countries such as Germany with [indiscernible], Mobile as well in Germany, as well as Gumtree in the U.K. really continue to show strong or stronger growth quarter-over-quarter.
Mark May: Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks. Devin, you guys have talked a little bit about some things that are going on in the competitive environment. We've seen a lot of startup activity particularly around the Fashion category and the local Classifieds market. I'm curious if you're seeing any changes in the competitive behaviors in those segments in a way that's either beneficial or not for eBay. And to the extent that the opportunities or opportunities do become available, how acquisitive do you feel like eBay is  or that you're likely to be in those areas?
Devin Wenig: Yeah, Heath, thank you for the question. I guess I would  if I step back and lock at the macro landscape I would say we have a growing online sales environment offset by a fiercely competitive global landscape. It's always been that. I don't think that the competitive landscape has materially changed, at least in the last six months, but there are some shifts inside of that. And there's no doubt that there's certain categories like Fashion that are getting more competitive. I'll just remind you and everyone that we're going to compete, but we are going to compete by being different. We want a sharply different eBay that isn't like anybody else and that doesn't mean that competition doesn't impact us. But this is not a zero sum game in a growing environment and my view of how we win is to be distinct and sharply different, not like anybody else. With regard directly to your question around acquisitions. We've said it for a couple of quarters. We will be acquisitive. We have phenomenal financial flexibility and strong free cash flow dynamics. We are disciplined in the way we acquire. We don't swing wildly at things, but there is no doubt that in this environment there are opportunities and when we see those opportunities we'll capitalize on them.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. Two questions. A product one and a marketing one. Devin, I think you talked about the mobile release that would be upcoming. Could you talk a little bit some of the features in that or maybe what they will address that may have been suboptimal in the eBay mobile experience? Then you talked about some of the SEO headwinds. I don't want to get too literal about it, but are you referring to the removal of some of the right rail ads on Google, the implementation of the fourth desktop ad? Is there something in particular you're referring to in terms of SEO changes, or do you find that those are just constant things that you're dealing with. There's no particularly greater challenge, SEO challenge, than what you've had in the past. Just constant challenge. Thanks a lot.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, thanks for both questions. Let me start with Mobile. Let me remind you that we did something very substantial which was for our long-term success last September and that was to re-platform our Mobile experience so that we didn't have multiple groups developing for multiple mobile operating systems. We're now on a common platform where we can speed up and scale. With that said, we did disrupt our ecosystem a bit as we've signaled on the last couple of quarters and we're pretty clear about why that happened. It was a couple of different issues. There were a couple of UI changes. There was a bit of speed decline in the app itself. And we've been iterating on that and we've been in testing as I said in my remarks, and you can expect a significant new app release very soon. With that said, this isn't going get solved  it's not a one-shot deal. The fact that we're on that common platform means literally quickly, but I'd say we have growing confidence that we'll get back to a really strong track on Mobile soon. With regard to the second part of your question, it actually has nothing do with Google's right rail changes. We were an early adopter of PLAs so their changes on the right rail don't impact us at all. The SEO challenges really stem all the way back to May of 2014 when if you remember, without a structured data underpinning our pages that we expose to search engines, not just Google, but all search engines, were not really attached to our marketplace. There was a significant penalty that really has continued for the better part of 18 months. In many ways that was the impetus to move to re-platforming the business so that the new pages that we put on which now represent 10% of traffic are on a much more stable foundation. So for us, SEO is  I mean I don't think it's just the day in and day out challenges. It's the major challenge which we're addressing head on with the long re-platforming around structured data, and it will take time, but we are seeing progress there.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Devin.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the questions. One topic we get asked a lot about by investors, I'd love to get your opinion here on the call. Would be about the shift between commoditized and non-commoditized e-commerce. A couple of nuances there. What are the headwinds to the business from de-emphasizing commoditized e-commerce as you referenced it, as you move through 2016? And how might that traject towards better growth in 2017, 2018 when you have more leverage to sort of non-commoditized products and sub-sectors that you want long-term leverage to? And maybe a second question, more of a housekeeping matter, but we haven't been able to find the EPS guide for the full year. I mean the slides or the press release just curious if we were missing it somewhere? Thanks so much.
Devin Wenig: I'll take the first part. Scott can take the second part. With regard to  look we are a very large Marketplace with last year $85 billion of sales, so we sell a lot of everything. Let's be clear. But ultimately our success will not be the ninth party reselling in electronics device at razor thin margins. There will be plenty of people doing that. What's unique about eBay is the spectrum of value. The choices that you get. It's not just that new iPhone, it's the used iPhone. It's a manufactured reverb, it's 11 versions in between that frankly, only sit in our Marketplace. Then as you move down the tail, you get things that aren't just version unique. You get things that are completely unique like collectibles and rare items, and that's an important part of who we are. So, obviously we're going to sell a lot of different things, and we will sell commoditized items. But the reality to the question before about competition is not all competition is the same. Where it is commoditized items, obviously that's where competition is the greatest. We still sell a lot of it, but that's where the competitive environment impacts us the most. In many ways, that's why we want to move to being sharply different, and moving to being distinct, and moving to doing the things that only we can do. That's our strategy. So there's no doubt that there is a headwind from what I'd call commoditized items that require instant shipping. I don't think that's a lot of things, but that is in our strategy and we're not going to compete by being a logistics company. We're going to compete by giving people the greatest choice, the greatest deals and unique value. That's who we are. Scott can answer the EPS question.
Scott Schenkel: Hey, Eric. For EPS, we have a chart in the back for Q2. For the total year I'd refer you to my prepared remarks. And in short it was  we are raising the low end of revenue guidance to 3%, bringing the new guidance range for revenue to $3 to $5, or $8.6 to $8.8 billion. And then I flagged that there would be  I have that second half effectively at January 27 foreign exchange rates. And if you equated that to spot today, that there would be roughly $80 million upside to our second half, and thus full year revenue. But all other full year guidance remains the same.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt from Stifel.
Scott Devitt: Hey. Thanks. I had two questions. The first one is, how are you thinking about managing the Marketplace business for growth versus profitability from here over the longer term. And then secondly, you've been very clear Devin that structured data improvements results are going to show gradually over time. My question is, do you think that structured data or something else may be able ultimately move the Marketplace growth to levels above the current low single digit GMV growth rate? Or do you think of it more in terms of sustaining the current growth rate of the business? Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Thank you, Scott. Look, we don't wake up in the morning and declare that we're a growth or profitability company. Our job is to grow value for shareholders by growing over time the free cash flow of the business. We want to grow faster. We are not managing to a lower growth rate. What we're doing is making investments that we think are really important for the long term of the business like the re-platforming. The hope obviously is that, when we get that done, we can push the efficient frontier of growth and profitability out. In other words, we can grow faster and maintain reasonable margins. I don't look at it as black and white. I think that where we see good opportunities we should invest in them. That doesn't mean, I think with three to four quarters now under our belt people understand we're not simply going collapse the financial architecture and swing wildly at things and grow at all costs. But I also want to be clear that, I'll invest in opportunities where we see them. We're running the company not for a quarter or a year. We're running the company to build the next 20 years of eBay. So that means being disciplined but also investing in opportunities that expand what we do and grow the business. With regard to the structured data part of your question. Yeah, I appreciate you saying that, because we have been very consistent saying it will take time and it will be gradual. I think today, if you look at our prepared remarks, I just wanted to broaden that lens a little bit. Structured data gets a lot of press but it's not the only thing we're doing. We're actually making a substantial number of changes to the company from the way we're organized to the way we acquire inventory, to the way we re-platform, to the way we expose that inventory in the product. I think you'll see parts of the eBay shopping experience change more in the next several months than they have, arguably, in years. So there's a lot into what we're doing and obviously for us we hope that if we do that, fast forward a couple years from now. It's different business and it's a business that's growing faster. That's our hope.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Great. I had a few questions. Devin, you mentioned a new side experience rolling out over the next six months. Can you give us some specifics on how that will look? Secondly, maybe talk a little bit about the marketing spend to support that. Is that part of what's going on in 2Q? And then lastly, your auction looks like a headwind although I manage some of that is just shifting to new format. But do you see any end in sight where auctions could be stable at some point? And maybe just tell us how much of GMV that is right now. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Oh, sorry. Sure. With regard to the site experience. There's a couple of examples that we've included in the attached slides. I think that, to step back from the slides for a second, there are  there is amazing inventory and amazing deals on eBay, but we've been really honest saying, they're not always easy to find. We've had one tool in our tool box and that's been search. If it doesn't show up in the first eight listings in search of ten times there are incredible things that consumers want, but they can't find it. To be honest, that's gotten worse with Mobile because consumers' patience on three-and-a-half inches of real estate is a lot less than it is on a desktop. The whole effort here is to improve discoverability. If you look at some of these new browse pages we're building, it's really simple. We will show you the best deals. We'll show you the best brand. We'll show you the best price. We want to make things really bulletproof and very, very simple particularly in a world that's going all mobile. So for me, that's what ultimate  there's a lot under the covers about how we're re-platforming, but it's about a great, simple, elegant consumer experience that exposes the best of what we're about which is our vast inventory. With regard to the marketing spend. We are experimenting more as I said last quarter, up the funnel. Right now it's experimentation. You'll see a little on television. You'll see us in other areas this quarter. But to be clear, we're not materially increasing our marketing spend at this point. We are repurposing spend that was down the funnel to up the funnel. What we're doing is, we're testing. You'll see a lot of medium mix testing. We're trying to figure out the efficient frontier of what we can do. And I don't want to do any significant brand work until the product has moved on. Because what I don't want to do is spend money a lot of money to bring people into a user experience that's changing. As the user experience evolves and as we get more comfortable that where  it will never be, we're never done, but as we get closer to where we think we're going be, we'll consider leaning into that spend and doing more. But my view right now is that, that would come out of  we spend a lot on marketing as a business. There's plenty of allocated spend that we can reallocate to go at that. If we think there's opportunity to do more vis-a-vis the other question we'll do it. With regard to auctions. Scott, do you want to take that question.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, I think auctions has been on a multiyear deceleration. To your question, is there an end in sight? I think there is probably an inflection point where we hit the level of GMV that quite frankly is best suited to an auction format and that's largely determined by our seller base and to some extent our buyer base. And so, where that ends. I think as we get down to elements of price discovery that aren't facilitated by either online research or a catalog, I think we'll start to see that tail off, decelerate into something a bit more stable, or at least that's what we believe.
Justin Post: And any thoughts on percent of auction at this point that you can share?
Scott Schenkel: I think it would be a little bit premature. I think it's  since it's more a derivation of the inventory sold on the site, whether they're buyers and sellers and how they're finding price guidance and/or determining price, is a bit hard to say.
Justin Post: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Two thing. First, I just wanted to follow up on the last one on 2Q and the guidance in particular. I'm just trying to understand if there is something more there in terms of cost pressures. Just thinking about how you guided in terms of revenue and EPS, and particularly your comments on hedging losses and gains and if that's a factor in there. And then just secondly in terms of buy-backs. For the previous two quarters you'd been fairly consistent in the $500 million, $600 million range. You obviously stepped it up here in the first quarter. And I know where you are in your authorization remaining. But how should we think about the levels going forward? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, Doug. Let me take your last question first. We have been in the $500 million to $600 million a quarter. And what we said for 2016 was, we would continue on a pace consistent with that plus offsetting dilution and we have in effect offset the dilution in Q1 in addition to the $500 million to $600 million per quarter. We're not changing our expectations and our guidance for the rest of the year. With regards to Q2 guidance, maybe a few thoughts. Seasonally we do experience a deceleration in EPS from Q1 to Q2. And much like we saw last year, it's really a combination of not only revenue obviously, but our expense profile. And as such the guidance is 40 to 42. A couple of points worth noting. First off, the guidance to your question assumes spot rates as of today. I'm not  you shouldn't read anything into that other than we put spot rates as of today because it's relatively upon us. And within that we've also guided to the 4% to 6% revenue. A couple of things within the cost space. One, we don't have any favorability expected from another insurance favorability in G&A, and so I would expect G&A to pop back up as a percentage of revenue for Q2. And then for the rest of the year that sort of normalizes because we'll be past standup. Then secondly below the line we're going to get an impact from incremental debt that we put on in Q1. And so that's factored into the guidance, as well.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Pitz from Jefferies.
Brian Pitz: Thanks for the question. A lot of questions have been answered but a quick one. Maybe just an update on your business in Russia. How important is Russia for eBay longer term? And maybe just making some sense. I think Apple had some kind of negative commentary on the macro and some countries like Brazil or Russia, et cetera. Just any kind of insights there on what they may be seeing or if you're seeing anything similar. Thanks.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, to be honest, since sanctions over a year ago and the collapse of the foreign exchange rate our Russia business has not been at all strong, as you can imagine with an Import business and a collapsed ruble. And I don't see that changing. It's a tiny bit of our business and we did  we are maintaining what we're doing there and the hope that at some point it turns around. The future in Russia for e-commerce should be bright. There's growing wealth. There's scarcity of supply. They're very good dynamics and we've laid the railroad tracks. But if you ask me how our business is today, it's for hope the better part of the year it's been a disaster given the sanctions and the currency devaluation. But it really doesn't show up in our overall results. It's so small. On the macro, what we said overall, it's stable. We did see as we said last quarter a little bit of softness in December. When you look at the quarter at Q1 there isn't really nothing to see here. It was pretty stable. Any softness we saw was remediated and as a portfolio it's kind of steady sideways. It's not inspiring global growth but it's steady global growth. Obviously there's puts and takes in that. We have a global business like Apple does. Brazil has  some Latin American countries have been weak. We're seeing a little bit better macro impact in Europe. It's a mixed effect as it always is. If you'd step back and look at the overall we really haven't seen much change over the last 90 days.
Brian Pitz: Great. Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Richard Kramer from Arete Research.
Richard Kramer: Thanks very much. A couple questions that I don't think have been touched on. Devin, you talked about the fly wheel kicking into gear in Marketplace with the new experiences. Can you talk us through how this might manifest itself? Should we be expecting this to be reflected in eBay competing more for order frequency, selling higher value items or from a pickup in new or even reactivated buyers? And a couple of other quick questions. Are there some other channels we could look at beyond SEO to revive new buyer growth? And can you give us the percentage of GMV or sold items that came through mobile? Thanks very much.
Devin Wenig: Yeah, there's a lot to that. That's a very good question in multiple parts. Let me take them from the top. With this foundation now going in place, we can pick up the pace on what we build on the foundation. This is still going take a lot of time. I want to go back to the first question I received. I want to make sure that the expectations are set that there's not a moment in time when all of the sudden all of eBay is rebuilt and growth explodes. It doesn't work that way. This is a huge Marketplace. There are  it's an enormous buyer and seller base and we have to proceed with some caution. But I like where we are because the foundation is being laid and now we can iterate in ways we just haven't been able to do before. So you're going to see a new suite of apps soon. You're going to see new browse tabs soon. You're going to see new SEO pages soon. You're going see us start to go on offense and launch a couple of new categories soon. All that's in the guidance. None of that is going to materially move things in the short run but it's evidence that we're moving from more of a defensive platforming to more of an offensive run the business. With regard to your channel discussion, it's a great lead into two quarters ago I've said regardless of our SEO issues and fixing SEO, for the long-term success of this business, we have got to diversify our traffic and user acquisition. EBay has had two major irons in the fire, which is CRM and search outside of its majority which come directly to our apps into our site. But the new user acquisition has been dominated by search and by e-mail, and that has to change. A healthy eBay has gotten multiple competing channels for our marginal investment dollar. And two quarters ago I said that social  we're going to invest in it. It's early. It's not simple to get returns on social. Now fast forward two quarters later and we're getting somewhere on social. We're now in 14 different channels. We're working with all the big social players. I think if you asked them we'd say we're being aggressive and even leading e-commerce efforts on many channels. It's still very small as a comparative. If you add all those 14 channels up it's a tiny fraction of what we get from search but it's growing fast. And we're starting to get some traction in areas like I mentioned today like Snapchat and other channels where we are showing the ability to spend and acquire users in travel. So that's encouraging. Again, it will take time but we're starting to get somewhere. The third part of the question?
Scott Schenkel: Now, Richard, the thing I'd add onto that, that's all right and I would say that at this point, the total eBay mobile volume is 44% and the percent of GMV touched by Mobile is 55%. So this is obviously a larger and larger channel for us.
Richard Kramer: And any ways to get new buyer growth beyond SEO? Will new buyer growth come from social and should you be investing more in [indiscernible]?
Devin Wenig: Sure. New buyers will come from social, they've come from search. They'll come if we do top of the funnel marketing like we're testing now on me in outdoor and other places. The great thing about new buyers is, it opens up an entire world of new marketing levers. But we  there's a theme here. We don't run wild. We'll be disciplined about it. We're not going waste a ton of money. You can waste a lot of money and we won't do that. We will test, we'll learn and we'll start to open the funnel up as the product changes to where we want it to reaccelerate traffic in new user growth.
Richard Kramer: Okay.
Devin Wenig: And look, I think a lot of that also impacts the cohorts that we look at. You mentioned one of them, but retained and reactivated buyers. As we focus marketing not only at the top of the funnel, and at SEO, and at social to bring in new buyers; it's also about improving our funnel of retained and reactivated buyers.
Richard Kramer: Okay. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Robert W. Baird.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. It's actually Ben Hans for Colin. As we go through the back half of the year or maybe even the next three months, are there any specific categories that we could look to, to see the progress being made on structured data? Is there nothing that you'd like to call out there?
Devin Wenig: I  obviously our catalog, the 60% that we have covered are things that you would expect to have a catalog and they tend not be long tail items like an antique teapot or a baseball card. They tend to be electronics, and fashion, and home and garden. They're more mainstream categories that have higher velocity and have some structure to them. But, I don't think  really this is a horizontal re-platforming. It's not really specific to one or more categories. So I point at the horizontal in this case, not in the vertical.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Devin Wenig: Thank you, operator. You can go ahead and end the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Heath Patrick Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Kunal Madhukar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jim Shaughnessy - RBC Capital Markets LLC Stan Velikov - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBay, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Selim Freiha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter of 2015. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany both Devin's and Scott's commentary during the call. All revenue and GMV growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's prepared remarks represent FX neutral year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations sections of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures related to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest-comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to statements regarding the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries including expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2016 and the future growth in our business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, in subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, copies of which may be obtained by visiting the company's Investor Relations website at investors.ebayinc.com, or the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 27, 2016, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Selim, and good afternoon, everyone. Our business was stable in Q4 and we delivered solid results as we continue to reposition our business amidst the backdrop of a competitive holiday retail environment. Overall, total GMV and revenue were both up 5% for the quarter and we also grew active buyers 5% year-over-year to 162 million. GMV on our Marketplace platform grew at 4% year-over-year. And underlying this growth, our B2C business, which is the best analog for other retailers and marketplaces grew at 8%. We also saw particular strength in our StubHub and Classifieds platforms, which grew revenue at 34% and 15% respectively. Looking deeper at our Marketplace platform, we continue to see an impact on traffic and new user acquisition along with continued near-term pressure from some of our strategic longer-term initiatives which curtailed growth in the quarter. Six months ago, we began a series of platform, inventory and policy changes, which we believe are critical to make our business more competitive over the long-term. While we're making steady progress on these strategic initiatives, we don't expect to see material benefit from them for some time to come. With our structured data initiative, we increased the percentage of listings processed to 37% of our relevant listings in Q4, up from 28% in the prior quarter, while adding 79 million unique products to our catalog, and we recently announced that the next phase of required product identifiers would go into effect at the end of February. This phase will add more categories and countries to increase coverage to approximately 60% of relevant listings on our platform. Historically, as a listings-based marketplace, providing users with features such as product reviews and pricing data was extremely challenging. As we have begun converting more of the site to structured data, we're starting to leverage these features and are seeing good results. In Q4, our users created nearly 1 million product reviews, up 20-fold from the prior quarter. Over time, this is the type of user-generated content that will help us to improve discoverability and conversion. We're also starting to use our data to enable price trending and comparisons as well as better merchandising capabilities. Early results show we're picking up conversion rate improvements, which is a clear signal that we're on the right track here. You can see some of these examples in the slides accompanying my commentary. Another key area of focus for us is mobile. While reviews of the mobile experience we launched in September have significantly improved, it's not yet delivering results on par with the prior version. We're aggressively iterating it to enhance the user experience and to drive adoption and usage, and our new platform is enabling us to get new releases in front of our users more rapidly and efficiently than we have in the past. Despite those challenges, we still grew mobile GMV 21% on a year-over-year basis. Finally, we continue to make progress in other areas such as social and promoted listings. Our social traffic continues to grow at strong double digits driven by our presence now across 14 key channels. And with promoted listings, we open the service to all store subscribers and we expanded placements into many new categories in Q4. As I've discussed previously, we believe StubHub and Classifieds are important complements to eBay, and we continue to see strong overlap across each user base. Over the past six months, many of you have indicated that you'd like to better understand the scale of these platforms relative to our Marketplace platform. In an effort to increase transparency and disclosure across our portfolio, we will disclose volume and revenue for StubHub and revenue for Classifieds moving forward, which mirrors how we manage them internally. Our StubHub platform continues to be a strong partner to sports leagues, teams and artists. We saw significant growth acceleration in the quarter driven by the product changes we made in August and aided by a strong sports landscape and high demand for concert tickets. And our Classifieds platform saw particular strength on eBay Kleinanzeigen in Germany along with Gumtree in the UK, resulting in accelerating year-over-year growth. We also continue to grow our U.S. Classifieds presence via our Close5 mobile app, where total downloads approach 6 million, more than doubling where we ended Q3. Now, I want to step back and put Q4 in the context of our first six months post-separation from PayPal. Six months ago, we indicated that our key strategic priorities were to create a robust commerce platform, a vibrant marketplace and enhanced product and brand experiences and reposition our business to better compete over the long-term. We also set expectations that executing on this strategy would take time and that we prioritize repositioning our business over near-term growth opportunities. Lastly, during this period of time we said we'd be disciplined with our investments while returning capital to shareholders. Over the past six months, we've made progress against our key priorities while delivering on the higher end of the growth expectations that we indicated and the investments we're making have been largely paid for by the restructuring we undertook in the first quarter of last year. Additionally, we've shed non-strategic assets while returning over $1.1 billion in capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. In short, we're on plan and we will continue to execute on this strategy as we head into 2016. Looking forward, we believe we can create a customer experience and a brand message that will sharpen the focus on what is unique about eBay. This year, I will be focused on stepping up our efforts to drive the best choice, the most relevant and a powerful selling platform in addition to further clarifying what our brand stands for. Having made many foundational investments, we expect to deliver significantly improved experiences for buyers and sellers across multiple dimensions this year. We'll do this by improving discoverability, both on and off our site. We'll give buyers more choice, but also more data to facilitate better comparisons and will provide sellers with more effective tools, better service and fair policies to enhance their eBay businesses, incenting them to provide their best inventory and competitive prices on our platform. Finally, we intend to innovate and improve upon our C2C experience to reaccelerate our sell-to-buy flywheel. In summary, we exit the year on plan and executing on the strategy and the financial framework we laid out six months ago. We're looking forward to a year of significant progress. Now, let me turn it over to Scott to provide more details on our fourth quarter and full year results and 2016 guidance.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Devin. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings presentation beginning on slide 12. Our business was stable in Q4 as we made progress against our key objectives. We generated $2.3 billion of total revenue, $0.50 of non-GAAP EPS, $1 billion in free cash flow and we repurchased $550 million of our stock. On slide 13, let's start at the top of the funnel with Q4 active buyers. In the quarter, we added 3 million new buyers, increasing the total active buyer base to 162 million. Trailing 12-month growth rate was stable at 5% in Q4. Turning to slide 14. In Q4, we enabled $22 billion of GMV, growing 5% versus last year. By geography, the U.S. generated $9 billion of GMV, up 4%, while international delivered $13 billion of GMV, up 6%. I'll discuss these results in more detail later. Sold items grew 4% in Q4, a 3-point deceleration versus prior quarter. Sold item growth continues to be influenced by our product, geographic and seller mix. In Q4, we saw an increase in the mix of higher ASP electronics sold during the holiday. Moving to slide 15. We delivered net revenues of $2.3 billion, up 5% versus last year, growing at the same rate as GMV. We continue to experience currency headwinds in translation negatively impacting growth by 5 points and resulting in Q4 revenue which was flat year-over-year on an as-reported basis. We generated $1.8 billion of transaction revenue, up 3% versus last year and $500 million of marketing services revenue, up 12% versus last year. On the next three slides, I'll take you through a bit more detail on our Marketplace, StubHub and Classifieds platforms. Let's start with the Marketplace platform on slide 16. This platform is one of the world's largest online marketplaces with extensive product inventory that combines unique and interesting items with great deals on what shoppers want and love. We build connections between buyers and sellers across the world with product experiences that are fast, mobile, secure, and backed by the eBay Money Back Guarantee. Our flagship brand, eBay.com, has localized sites in Germany, the UK and Australia amongst others. We operate other brands as well, such as IAC and Gmarket in Korea and GittiGidiyor in Turkey. Over the years, our Marketplace has shifted from used goods and auctions to new goods and fixed price. In Q4, 80% of the sold items were new and 85% of GMV was fixed price. Additionally, 63% of orders shipped for free and 60% of orders were delivered in three days or less. Turning to Q4 results. Marketplace GMV grew 4% year-over-year decelerating 1 point versus Q3. This performance reflects the ongoing challenges of SEO, the impact of the new mobile experience launched in Q3 and continued pressure on our C2C business. Total revenue for the Marketplace platform grew 1%, 2 points lower than the prior quarter. This deceleration was primarily driven by transaction revenue which was flat year-over-year and 2 points lower versus Q3. Transaction revenue was impacted by volume in addition to seller and category mix which showed an overall lower take rate. We also modestly increased contra revenue spend on coupons and seller incentives, shifting marketing spend away from operating expense. Marketing services revenue grew 9%, accelerating 3 points over Q3. This revenue stream is comprised of advertising, our vehicles vertical and the PayPal operating agreement amongst others. As a reminder, the PayPal operating agreement was in addition to the MS&O revenue starting in Q3, and it contributed to the Q4 acceleration in growth. Moving to slide 17. Our StubHub platform is the largest ticket marketplace in the U.S. We enable fans to buy and sell tens of thousands of tickets daily for sports, concerts, performing arts and other events. Throughout the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Germany, StubHub provides a specialized tickets experience custom-built for fans. StubHub is our tickets vertical experience, much like fashion or electronics that you can find on our Marketplace platform. We continue to see strong overlap between the Marketplace and StubHub visitor bases. We encourage all of our customers to use StubHub as their tickets marketplace to take advantage of the tailor-made experience for fans and the security offered by StubHub's FanProtect Guarantee, assuring fans that they will make it to their event or we will make it right. StubHub ended the year on a high note, delivering Q4 GMV growth of 30%, up 20 points versus Q3. Q4 revenue grew 34%, accelerating 17 points versus Q3. StubHub's standout performance was driven by a full quarter of product improvement launched in August including pricing display changes and our updated mobile app, plus strength in both sports and concerts in Q4. Q4 capped off a strong finish to 2015. For the full year, StubHub generated $3.6 billion of GMV and $725 million in revenue, up 15% versus prior year. Now, turning to Classifieds on slide 18. We operate 12 brands in our Classifieds portfolio with a presence in 17 countries. eBay is the Classifieds leader in 10 markets and attracts approximately 250 million unique monthly visitors. Some of our well-known brands include Gumtree, Kijiji, and eBay Classifieds to name a few. Classifieds provides eBay another way to serve the online C2C market which often represents the same customer with items better suited to a local transaction. We intend to continue investing in our growth markets, mobile-only experience, and strong local presence. Turning to Q4 results. Classifieds delivered another strong quarter of growth, up 15% year-over-year, accelerating 1 point versus Q3. The strong performance in Q4 was driven by our developed markets, most notably eBay Kleinanzeigen in Germany and Gumtree in the UK. Q4 contributed to a strong performance by Classifieds in 2015, generating over $700 million in revenue for the full year, growing 15% versus prior year. Now, moving to expenses on slide 19. I'd like to take a moment to touch on the impact of foreign exchange on our expense lines. While nearly 60% of our revenue is international, our cost base is weighted to the U.S. dollar. As a result, when the U.S. dollar strengthens, we experience some loss of leverage on a percent of revenue basis, costing us 80 basis points in Q4. We will continue to feel the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar for some time to come, and with this in mind I will focus the rest of my expense commentary on operational drivers. Cost of revenue increased 220 basis points year-over-year, with the primary driver being the addition of PayPal processing costs. In Q4, we also increased investment in structured data and security efforts. In looking at operating expense, as we've mentioned in the prior two quarters, we undertook a reduction in workforce in Q1 which continues to drive year-over-year leverage across each expense line item. Outside of that, let me touch on some additional operating expense drivers. Q4 sales and marketing expense is down 120 basis points year-over-year. This is primarily driven by the shift from marketing expense to contra revenue that I mentioned earlier in addition to lapping last year's significant brand spend. Product development is relatively flat year-over-year on a percent of revenue basis as we reinvest operational leverage into initiatives such as structured data. G&A increased 110 basis points year-over-year, with stand-up costs more than offsetting the benefit from the reduction in workforce. We will see a similar year-over-year impact of stand-up costs in G&A during the first half of 2016. Moving to slide 20. In Q4, we delivered $0.50 in non-GAAP EPS, down 10% year-over-year, as revenue growth, operating leverage and the impact of share repurchases were more than offset by the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar, a higher tax rate and stand-up costs. The impact of the strong U.S. dollar alone cost us 7 points of EPS growth. Turning to free cash flow. Our ability to generate strong cash flow based on our low capital intensity and profitable business model continues. In Q4, we generated free cash flow of $1 billion, bringing the full year to $2.2 billion. In Q4, CapEx was 6% of revenue, six points lower than prior quarter as separation-related spending ramped down and the timing of some of our planned spend pushed into 2016. For the full year, CapEx was 8% of revenue. Moving to slide 22. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $8.5 billion, including $1.5 billion in the U.S. As a reminder, our capital allocation policy is designed to manage the capital structure in a way that optimizes our financial flexibility, access to debt, and our cost of capital to drive long-term shareholder value. In Q4, we repurchased 19.9 million shares at an average price of $27.62 a share. This brings our total repurchases in the second half of 2015 to over $1.1 billion, or just under 42 million shares. We ended the quarter with $1.8 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. We continue to be disciplined in how we manage our investments and, in Q4, we closed the divestiture of eBay Enterprise and received cash proceeds of $925 million. In 2015, we repaid $850 million of debt that matured. As a reminder, we have an average investment grade rating of BBB+, which allows a gross debt-to-EBITDA ratio of up to approximately 3.5 times providing us the capacity to take an additional $3 billion to $4 billion of debt. As we look at our capital structure in 2016, we may seek additional outside financing to replace 2016 maturities and to provide additional financial flexibility. I'd like to take a moment to share how we're thinking about capital allocation for 2016. Subject to market conditions, we expect to continue buying our own shares throughout 2016 at or above the rate of our second half 2015 repurchases. This would be in addition to offsetting dilution. To this end, we have incorporated share repurchases into our 2016 guidance, which I will cover shortly. And consistent with what we said before, we will continue to be an acquisitive company, disciplined in our approach, and seeking the best opportunities to create long-term value. Moving to full year guidance on slide 23. We are projecting 2016 revenue between $8.5 billion and $8.8 billion, growing 2% to 5% versus last year. Our projected growth is in line with what we discussed previously and relatively stable with 2015 as we continue to execute our long-term strategic initiatives in the face of near-term headwinds. On an as-reported basis, growth ranges from a 1% decline to a 2% increase as foreign exchange negatively impacts growth by 3 points. We expect operating margin of 31% to 33% for the year. As compared to 2015, we are losing roughly 1 point of margin due to the impact of foreign exchange and 50 basis points due to a full year of separation cost. Despite these factors, our margin is in line with expectations set last June, and we are utilizing leverage and cost savings to fund our investments. We are projecting non-GAAP EPS of $1.82 to $1.87 per share, down 1% year-over-year at the low end of the range and up 2% at the high end. The impact of the stronger U.S. dollar cost us roughly 5 points of EPS growth. Finally, we expect non-GAAP effective tax rate of 19.5% to 20.5%, CapEx of 7% to 9% of revenue and free cash flow of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. Moving to Q1 guidance on slide 24. For Q1, we are projecting revenue between $2.05 billion and $2.1 billion, growing 3% to 5% versus last year. We expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.43 to $0.45 a share, representing a decline of 6% to 10%. The decline is due to the stronger U.S. dollar and impact of the synergies which cost us 10 points of EPS year-over-year. This impact will be more pronounced in the first half of 2016. In closing, we end the year with financial commitments on plan, a clear and disciplined approach to capital allocation, and executing on our strategy. In the upcoming year, we will increase our efforts to drive the best choice, the most relevant, and a powerful selling platform while driving increased clarity on what our brand stands for and we will remain focused on positioning eBay for long-term success. And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Richard Kramer from Arete Research. Your question, please.
Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP: Thank you very much. Very quickly, can you give us any sense of the profitability of StubHub and Classifieds now that you've broken it out? Is it something you'll be able to speak to? And then, I guess, a successive question, can you talk about your international guidance in context not just of FX, but whether you're seeing impacts from the macro situation that we have, we've all been hearing about? How much have you factored into your guidance with respect to that? And are you seeing an impact currently on the business? Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Scott's going to take the first part. He'll talk about StubHub and Classifieds, and then let me take the second part of your question. This was on margin on StubHub and Classifieds.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So what we've done this quarter is essentially double-click on Classifieds, Marketplace and StubHub in the way we run them which is for both StubHub and Marketplace on a GMV basis and for all three on a revenue basis. That's how we run the company. And the underlying expenses, we run as a portfolio, and we deploy capital in that way between business units to optimize across our portfolio. And so we won't be this time giving a double-click on margin now or going forward.
Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP: Okay, fair enough.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me take your question just on international in the context of the macroeconomic environment. I would say that there are two things to note. The first is that the strong dollar, as Scott pointed out, obviously has a translation effect, but it equally has an operating effect. We have a strong cross-border business. The continuing strengthening of the U.S. dollar has really impacted the exports of U.S. goods which was one of our biggest export corridors. So the strong dollar is both a translation impact and it's certainly underlying that in operating impact. And our trade flows are not purely balanced. So it's helped our China business somewhat paradoxically in some of our import corridors making those goods seem cheap, but it doesn't net out to zero. In fact, it's been quite a significant headwind starting last year when the dollar started to strengthen, vis--vis just the overall macroeconomic situation. I guess what I would say is right now we don't  we're watching it very carefully. It's hard not to watch it given what we've seen out of both earnings and out of the market. I would say that in the fourth quarter, we were very happy with the holiday. We had a very strong Cyber Five, and we started to see some small signs of softening in December. We're not assuming any significant change in the macroeconomic environment, but it's obviously we and every company is watching it very, very carefully. So I'd say right now FX is a much bigger operating impact than overall market softening. We don't have very much of a domestic China business for instance, but we're certainly watching that carefully as I think every company is right now.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. And, Richard, maybe for the benefit of everyone on the phone, there's probably be a follow-up question anyway. Roughly speaking, as you know, 60% of our business is international with most of our exposure in euro, pound, Aussie dollar and Korean won. And as we look to 2016 versus today's rates, on an average, that would be about a 6% decrease across that basket of currencies for 2016, which would have about a 3% impact on our top line. So that's how the top line anyway is architected and impacted given our foreign exchange translation exposure. And then, maybe just to go one more step further, as it relates to our hedging strategy, as I've discussed previously, we're unable to hedge revenue in the new eBay (30:11) and, as such, our top line is heavily exposed to currency fluctuations. But as I explained back in Q2 and a bit in Q3, we do utilize now different hedging instruments to economically protect net income, and that program is designed to protect as much net income as we can, and the intent is to have minimal variation versus guidance for EPS due to foreign exchange. But that doesn't eliminate the effective FX on a year-over-year basis, particularly for revenue as I called out. And as rates change, we will feel the effect of FX when comparing year-over-year.
Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP: Okay. That's super helpful with respect to the guidance. I guess one quick follow-up, could you talk about the developments of the advertising business? And, certainly, at the end of last year, you had launched quite a few new native advertising products. Can you talk about how that might scale over the course of 2016, and how much of a priority that might be to sort of revive that business with eBay?
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's important to us. We're very optimistic about things that we've done such as promoted listings. We're in a very, very early stage and, in fact, we just really opened up the thresholds on that based on the performance at the end of the last quarter and it will grow over time. It's not yet a material lever in our results, but I'm certainly optimistic about advertising. We still have an enormous traffic and customer flywheel, 162 million active customers and we do think there are other ways to monetize that. And this is in keeping with what we've said which is we could throw a lot of money at short-term growth. We're not doing that because we are being disciplined about our investments and we're investing in the platform and in new business opportunities that we think will be important for eBay two years, three years from now. And this is one of those areas, for sure. And you'll see a lot of activity in 2016.
Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark May from Citi. Your question, please.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. In terms of your revenue guidance for this year excluding the impact of currencies, just wondered if you could shed a little more light on kind of what you expect to be some of the key underlying drivers there, maybe the B2C versus B2B, maybe what your expectations are for growth in Classifieds and StubHub. Just trying to get a little bit more perspective on what your expectations are for the various segments of the business. And then on the listings restructuring, for the portion of listings that you've processed and enriched, if you will, wonder if you could provide any updates or insights on the impact that that's had on SEO and conversion rates and things like that? Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. On the first part, we're not going to break guidance out by segment. We're going to keep it at the top level. But I guess what I'd say is, I would expect our business is heavily skewed towards transaction revenue. Obviously, it's the core business and it's take rate on transactions. And that's implicit in this guidance. I think we'll see growth in marketing services, but it's a relatively small part of the portfolio compared to transaction revenue. And I would expect to continue to see reasonable growth from the components, but it's not  there's no major mix shift going on in 2016. I think you should assume that it will follow the path in terms of the components that it followed in 2015, roughly. Second part of the question, sorry? Listings restructuring, yeah, sorry, Mark. Look, this is a major effort and we're a data-driven business. So we don't do anything without measuring it and ensuring that we're on the right path. And this is consistent with what we've been saying, which is where we are organizing data, adding content to it, where we are exposing it in a new way. We're seeing better traffic, we're seeing better conversion. It's just very small today in our ecosystem and it will take time. But we all believe we're on the right path. And I think we measure, just to be clear, in data from the top of the funnel to the bottom. We measure incoming users, new and existing. We measure their conversion through the midpoints of the funnel, and we measure ultimately their conversion to a transaction. And all of that we watch literally on a daily basis. So if you think about the scale of what we've done, it's still very foundational. We've made a lot of progress on the foundation, but its manifestation through the pages that you're seeing in the accompanying slides is really small. But where we've done that, we're seeing better results. And that's why we really believe that as this scales and moves out, we're going to drive leverage across the business.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Mark, I would also point to Devin's slides at the beginning of the presentation that we posted. We've gone from the amounts that we showed going towards the 60% collection target here relatively shortly, and we've increased the amount of that information that we've already received and processed that and we've raised that from 28% to 37%, as Devin referenced. And from that, the few pages that come behind those kind of give you a sense for how we're creating product experiences and adding value through the customer reviews that have come online in a very significant way, through some of the buying guides and some of the easier browsing and capabilities to highlight our spectrum of value. And so I think while it's obviously not across our entire portfolio or listing space, increasingly you're seeing those experiences when you search on eBay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Heath Patrick Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to try and get a sense of as you are seeing these higher conversion rates, can you give us a bit of color behind what is  where that's being driven? Is it conversion of visitors to eBay and to purchasers? Is it an increase in the average basket size for your existing purchasers? Are you primarily seeing reactivation among customers that had maybe fallen off of eBay during the issues from last year? Just really trying to get sort of a better understanding as to the details behind these conversions  or these improvements in conversion rate and activity that you're seeing in the underlying business.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say the one we're most focused on is improving traffic and converting traffic to active buyers. And I'll give you a really practical example of where that's happening. Historically, we would send people to a search results page, and that search result page depending on the hundreds of millions we have, was of mixed quality and we get some conversion of that. Now, we're sending people where we have the pages to a structured browse page like the ones that are in the accompanying slides, and we know we're getting better conversion of traffic to active buyers in those pages. Equally, we're watching very carefully things like SEO. I mean, we have a limited number of pages still. But we're watching where are those pages ranking? What kind of traffic are those pages generating? And, ultimately, does that traffic convert to active buyers? And we like what we see so far. We believe we're on the right path and it's intuitive, it's not a hard reach to look at the page and say there's great inventory, it's a great customer experience. For a while people have asked me why is eBay complicated, and why is it hard to navigate, and why aren't there things like product reviews? Well, increasingly, now there are. It's not hard to navigate, these pages are really elegant. They're converting better and we're beginning to get really quality content on them because we now understand products and not just listings. So I just gave you two pragmatic examples. There are others, but those two alone are important. They're major levers on our business.
Heath Patrick Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carlos Kirjner from AllianceBernstein. Your question, please.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. I have two related questions. If you look at your user and GMV growth trajectory, there is a clear break in the trajectory in May 2014, which one could plausibly attribute to the password reset issue. It seems to be behind the company and the SEO issue which seems to be still an issue. The first question is whether there has been any other aspects of the business that deteriorated and have contributed to the deceleration of FX neutral GMV and revenues or whether these two are  or whether the SEO issue is the main issue. And secondly, unrelated, forgive me if I'm a bit deaf, but I hear you saying you are making progress and believe that the structured data initiative will work based on your early experience. I see your slide saying that structured data will cover 60% of relevant listings by end of February, but you had to say that we shouldn't expect the impact of the strategic initiatives in the foreseeable future. Will we see any benefit from structured data on traffic acquisition in 2016, and is that in your guidance? Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks for the question. I would say we don't talk about May of 2014 anymore because we're however many months on and the world has moved on. I'd say nothing fundamentally has changed, but our strategy is different, our investments are different, we're making a major transition of the business. So we don't point the finger at any one event. I just come back to this is exactly what's happening with our business is remarkably like what we said over the summer and six months ago, which was, we're going to focus our strategy; we're going to move away from commodity towards what's unique about eBay; we're going to make catch-up investments that probably historically should've been made, but were not, in order to better compete over the long run; and we're going to try to hold our growth to low-to-mid single digits while keeping our margin and cash flow high and returning capital to shareholders. All three of those things are still true. And the reality is that, as we've said, many of these investments are not quick-hit investments. We are re-platforming eBay. 60% of coverage of listings is the first part of the equation, not the end of the equation. That's the raw material and the foundation to allow us to build product experiences and it's those product experiences which change traffic and conversion. So I would say that right now  and we watch it carefully, I don't assume that the world will continue exactly the way it is, we watch everything very carefully. But right now, the plan that we laid out really clearly, I think six months ago, we believe it's working and we believe we're on that plan. And we believe that over time eBay will get more competitive and that'll manifest itself in better growth and better competitiveness.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions, I have two. The first one is on the 2016 operating margin guidance. I think in  maybe my notes are wrong, I guess I thought in June the margin guidance was 31% to 35%. Now, you're saying 31% to 33%. I guess, we'd just be curious about kind of what changed to kind of change the top end there, is that is FX or is  you're having to spend more on something else than you expected to in June? And then the second one on the international piece is, I'm curious, I know last quarter you mentioned Germany and the UK have been growing slower than the overall average. Can you just talk about how fast Germany and the UK grew in the fourth quarter relative to overall international? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So let me take the first one on margin rate. So we did say 31% to 35%, and we did go 31% to 33% today for 2016. With the midpoint being around 33% we had from earlier this year or middle of last year I should say the major difference is about a point of foreign exchange movement between then and now. And so really apples-to-apples, we'd be about at the same center point of margin rate, but one point of degradation from foreign exchange. What I'd highlight is that underlying that, there's been significant movement and we continue to try and drive productivity to be able to fund our investments in the things that we've been talking about.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And with regard to the UK and Germany, they did not  they performed in line with the portfolio, there was no outlier in performance. In fact, they picked up a little bit this quarter versus last.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan. Your question, please.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is actually Dave (45:01) in for Doug Anmuth. So our question is based on  is on the sales and marketing spend. So in 2016, do you guys have any plans to step up the spend? And related to that, is the product where you guys wanted it to be to market it more? And a second follow-up question is, are you guys going to be moving towards a contra as you guys have been doing in the past? And that's my question.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So let me take  that's all three good questions. Let me take them in turn. So first of all, on the product, as I said in my remarks, I'm really excited about this year because I do believe that with some of these foundational investments in place, you're going to see the product evolve relatively quickly for buyers and sellers. So the product's never  it's never static; it's always evolving. But I think this will be year of particular innovation for us. We have a very exciting pipeline. Based on all the things that we've been talking about, based on our ability to now understand products and persistence, we believe we can generate a really differentiated experience that shows our customers what's unique about eBay. It doesn't talk about it, but shows them. So I do think this will be a year of rapid innovation in the product experience. Second is sales and marketing. There's no  a couple of things. First is, we are going to start almost immediately pivoting some of our spend up the funnel to what we would call more traditional brand spend. That doesn't mean television, it just means instead of selling you an iPhone or a sweater, we're going to talk more about eBay and the brand. Whether or not we ultimately spend more in that will depend on what we learn from doing that. We do believe that brand is more important, that we have to more sharply define our brand in an increasingly crowded environment, and you'll see us start to do that. There are no plans to significantly change our spend, but how we spend will begin to change and, in fact, it already is changing. Final comment is on contra. There's no  we're very disciplined about contra revenue. I would say that we spent a bit more on that versus a little less on marketing in the fourth quarter because holidays become very deals-driven. And this holiday, we participated in deals aggressively across electronics, fashion, home and garden, and we got good results. But that does cost some mix shift in spending more on contra. I would expect those numbers to go back to historical averages. There's no break from trend other than we plus-up in the fourth quarter because that's the way shoppers are shopping.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS. Your question, please.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question, I guess two. One, when you start thinking about the cadence of investments you're making in the business, I guess this one would be for Scott, how do think about the cadence of investments as we move through the year first half versus second half and whether we might see more leverage against investments in the second half for the year? Or really should we be prepared for a full year impact on the leverage side from investments? And I guess, for Devin, one on marketing efficiency long-term, you've talked a lot tonight about traffic sources and improved channels, even referenced social. Have you learned anything as you continue to evolve the platform about how marketing efficiency might evolve for eBay long-term? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay. So I'll  real quick on the cadence. I'd say the one cadence aspect I would call out  maybe a couple. First off, within our G&A cost bucket, we're going to have two more quarters of essentially no year-on-year comps in the baseline for standup costs. And so there's going to be, before we see productivity in G&A, we're going to have relatively difficult comps as we stood up to the company and without any baseline comparisons. I think what you could expect in product development is a continued pace of investment in line with the percentages of revenue that we've shown over the last, let's call it 12 months to 18 months, but certainly the last six months. And sales and marketing, I would call out the pacing and refer back to the earlier response around contra. In some quarters, we may decide based on the returns that we think we can get for the strategies that we're deploying on marketing that some more marketing ends up out of the expense line and into contra. In other quarters, it may be the opposite. But I think within the ranges that we talked about last year, I would expect that to be not larger to Devin's point than what we've seen so far.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I'll take the second part and just to close out on contra. Just note, I've said this before, but I think it's important. We have a playbook on contra and we try not to deviate from it, which is we spend on acquiring customers when it makes sense to spend on acquiring customers. I'm not sure all companies in this environment play that same playbook, but we could have bought another point or two of growth, we just don't do that because we don't think it creates value over the long-term. So, for us, contra is one of the weapons we deploy, but we do it carefully, because it's easy to show growth, but it's not easy to create value and those are two different things. On marketing efficiency, there's a couple of puts and takes. So every year, we try to pick up marketing efficiency. I target my marketing teams with significant basis point improvement in efficiency of the way we spend our significant marketing expenditure. Our most efficient marketing spend on an ROI basis is paid search, but that we don't believe over the long run we can be tied only to paid search. So we are spending into less efficient channels to build new channels in the future and I point to social as a great example. We're on 14 channels. None of them today is as efficient as paid search, but it's diversifying our traffic mix and we're working on making them more efficient over time. We think it's the right thing to do even though it's making us less efficient in the short-term as a mix effect. The other thing I'd say is we watch the competitive landscape really carefully. It's really important that we maintain eBay's share of voice. And in the last couple of years, it hasn't gotten less competitive, it's gotten more. So while we pick up some gains in efficiency, I don't see a lot of leverage coming from marketing. I suspect we'll want to spend more over time as our product experience improves and we want to bring more and more people to a better eBay experience. So those are some of the puts and takes the net being I don't expect in 2016 to see a lot of leverage on the marketing line.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Peck from SunTrust. Your question, please
Kunal Madhukar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. This is Kunal for Bob. Thanks for taking the question. Couple of questions actually. One is of the structured data and at 38% coverage you're currently going up to 60%, how much of the GMV does that typically represent?
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Do you know the answer to that, Scott? If we go to 60%, that's of listings, I don't know if we know offhand.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. The way I would think about it is we are talking as a percentage of relevant listings, but there's probably 10%-ish that aren't relevant. But that aside, I think you can kind of use this as a guidepost of GMV.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I don't think  we could check that number, but I don't think it's that different. I think when we talk about relevant listings, the GMV roughly follows the relevant listings.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. And, Kunal, maybe to kind of go back to one of the earlier questions, I'd point back to that really is an input metric to then us processing that information and churning out than a different product experience that ends up on search engines in a way that brings the traffic which would drive that active buyer increase and it brings the GMV. And so we're not tied to 60% to  yeah, 60% of our GMV is going to be covered. 60% of the listings, roughly speaking, GMV, is covered with a catalog at the end of this process halfway through the year and then a portion would then have been processed and out, if you will, in the wild and out there being indexed in Google or other search engines for users to find an access.
Kunal Madhukar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, great. And a quick question on the share repurchases. Based on the run rate in the second half of 2015, it would seem you are probably guiding broadly to about $2.3 billion of buybacks this year, again, based on market conditions. What is the limitation on the number of shares you can actually buy back in the first two years post the split?
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Kunal, a couple of points. Our guidance includes the fact that we expect to be buying back about at the same rate as the last two quarters each quarter. And we expect to also be buying back the dilution offset, and so it's maybe in the range of what you're talking about. We have $1.8 billion remaining in our existing authorization. There's nothing precluding us from asking for more. Look, we have a limitation in the first two years to protect the tax-free nature of the spin of about 20%, a little bit less than 20% in that range, and that would be our guardrail for the first two years.
Kunal Madhukar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes in the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital. Your question, please.
Jim Shaughnessy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. This is Jim Shaughnessy stepping in for Mark. One quick question from us around StubHub revenue. Just obviously seeing a nice pick up here, wondering your thoughts on the sustainability of that growth rate and how we should think about that going forward? Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Again, we're not going to guide on the segment  on the components of it, but I'd just say StubHub is a great business. It's a leader in its category. It has opportunities to expand internationally. It is increasingly partnering with leagues and teams to move from secondary opportunistically into primary, and it's a great business. So I would not expect that, I mean, these are obviously very, very strong growth rates this quarter. There were, as we said, some unique things. There was the pickup on the back of the product changes, it was a very strong World Series, it was a very strong concert landscape. StubHub also bounces around quarter-to-quarter based on the events. It's much more choppy than eBay just because it sort of depends what the matchup is in the Super Bowl and what the events landscape is, and it was a very strong events landscape. So I would expect StubHub to keep growing. I'm not sure I'd expect it to keep growing at this rate, but it's a good business and we really we're proud of the fact that we've been able to grow StubHub using some of the eBay traffic flywheel over the last several years and it's a real good business just like Classifieds is.
Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question comes from the line of Brian Pitz from Jefferies. Your question, please.
Stan Velikov - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Stan Velikov here for Brian. Active buyers growth stabilized in Q4 at about 5% while sold items growth accelerated 3 point sequentially to 4%. What were the puts and takes here? And how should we look at these metrics going forward? And, also, what part did India play in the active buyers trend stabilization?
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So on active buyers, India plays a big role in our overall active buyer base. But on a Q-over-Q basis and in the growth perspective, it didn't have a material impact this quarter. Last quarter, we called out, it helped a bit. This quarter, it didn't necessarily accelerate further. The way I'd think about active buyer growth is it's been massively impacted by two things over the last two years. One was password reset and I think that's largely behind us. And I think the other is SEO, SEO as explained in many different forums has an over-indexing impact on acquiring new users, and thus has depressed the top of our funnel and reduced our overall active buyer growth over the last couple of years. And that's why the structured data and SEO initiative is so important because it'll work our way back up on that measure. On sold items; sold items, the change this quarter was just driven primarily by the higher mix of electronics sold during the holiday. This tends to go up and down depending on everything from country and seller mix to hot items. So it's relatively difficult to predict and correlate. And just to explain it for Q4, it was higher degree of electronic items.
Stan Velikov - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's program. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Scott W. Devitt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Q3 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Selim Freiha, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.
Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2015. Joining me today on the call are Devin Wenig, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Schenkel, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany both Devin's and Scott's commentary during the call. We've updated the format of our presentation following the spinoff of PayPal and in anticipation of the completion of the sale of our eBay Enterprise business. All growth rates mentioned in Devin and Scott's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations sections of the eBay website at investors.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures relating to our performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest-comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the planned sale of our eBay Enterprise business, the future performance of eBay Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries on a standalone basis, including expected financial results for the full-year 2015, the future growth in our business, and mobile commerce. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, in our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investors.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 21, 2015, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Selim, thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 earnings call. Overall, we had a solid quarter marked by FX neutral GMV and revenue growth of 6% and 5%, respectively, both consistent with last quarter. Our performance one quarter following our spinoff of PayPal is steady and it's in line with our expectations. I'm proud that the team was able to remain focused on executing our strategy while managing a complex separation. We still have a lot of work ahead of us in order to reposition our business and to deliver the level of performance that we aspire to achieve, but our Q3 results are a step in the right direction. When we spoke to you in July, we outlined our strategy to improve eBay's competitive position and drive stable and profitable long-term growth. We said that we'd build a more robust commerce platform, enhance our engagement with the core buyers and sellers who create a vibrant marketplace, and create exceptional product and brand experiences. We also indicated that our efforts would take time as we traded off short-term growth and focused more on long-term investments while dealing with the impact of near-term headwinds. And finally, we said that we'd be vigilant about our portfolio and we'd be disciplined about allocating capital to drive value. This quarter, we drove hard to make progress on that strategy. Simply put, we're doing what we said we would do and we have confidence in our plans going forward. Now let me share some of the progress that we made in this quarter. First, as I discussed during the Q2 earnings call, our efforts to deliver a more robust commerce platform will be built on a solid foundation of structured data. And while this is a longer-term effort, we are making progress. I'll spend a moment to share some more context on our structured data initiative, including a few slides that accompany my commentary. There are three key efforts underway. First, we're collecting product data from our sellers as they list their inventory on our site. On June 29, we started requiring product information from our sellers across 18 categories in the U.S., the U.K., Germany, and Australia. We've seen positive reception and adoption in line with our expectations with limited disruption to the listing process. The next phase will add coverage to more countries and categories, and our plan is to expand the requirement where relevant across all sites and categories by the end of 2016. Second, we use machine learning to process that data so that we can leverage it in our user experiences. Getting a product identifier is most useful to us after we associate that product information to similar products in our catalog and bring in additional data related to the product such as descriptions, pictures, and reviews. In the roughly 12 weeks since we launched this initiative, 27 million more listings have been successfully mapped to products, and five million new products have been identified and added to our catalog. And finally, we're leveraging that data to improve our product and marketing experiences. We've already started using this data in several areas of the user experience such as SEO, merchandising, deals, and our selling. We provided a few examples of how we're using the data in the slides that accompany this call. While this is an encouraging start, these efforts are in the early stages, and we'll continue to share more on our progress along the way. A robust commerce platform also means diversified sources of traffic and user acquisition. Along these lines, we continue to expand our use of social channels, and traffic from these channels saw significant growth in Q3. We're now consistently leveraging 10 unique social channels on a regular basis. Our second key strategic priority is to create a vibrant marketplace. In September, we celebrated our 20th anniversary, and we hosted a seller conference which included many eBay-only sellers in San Jose. At that time, we announced a number of significant upcoming changes to our seller policies. These changes, which include more objective standards, are intended to help small- and medium-sized sellers be more successful on our platform and better reward sellers who provide great service to eBay buyers. We're also giving sellers the ability to customize how they manage returns based on their specific business needs with as much or as little involvement from eBay as they choose. Finally, we launched a new product called Seller Hub, which puts the sellers listing and marketing tools, along with deep data insights and selling recommendations, into one central place. It's a new destination for professional sellers to manage their end-to-end business on eBay. I was extremely energized by the engagement from the sellers I met, and I've been encouraged by the industry response to the changes that we announced. We're also investing in areas designed to drive more engagement from our consumer sellers. For example, we're growing our intermediated selling service, eBay Valet, where we're seeing significant growth. Of note, nearly one third of Valet consignments come from repeat customers. And a majority of Valet customers progress to buying and selling on their own on eBay. At the same time, we're ramping up our efforts to drive buyer velocity. For example, in Germany, we recently launched a pilot program called eBay+. This offering enables German consumers, in exchange for a low annual fee, to enjoy free expedited shipping, free returns, and it may include access to exclusive deals and promotions over time. The intent of the program is to reach more consumers and increase loyalty in this key market where consumers have long valued free shipping and returns and the geography can support this type of program. We'll also promote within this subscription the ability for consumers to sell without fees, hence driving not only buying velocity but also the unique eBay sell to buy flywheel. Our third key strategic pillar is to create exceptional product and brand experiences. In September, we launched a new experience across all of our mobile channels. The launch of our new mobile product marks a shift towards a discovery-based experience for buyers that also enhances our simplified mobile selling experience. And it brings in key functionality from several of the vertical-based apps which we decommissioned in Q3. With this release, we've also unified the mobile experience across platforms which enables a consistent user interface and is already resulting in faster product iteration. This is an important part of our long-term strategy. We believe that moving in this direction with our products will enable us to drive engagement and cross-category purchasing. It's also a better expression of our brand which stands for discovery and the thrill of finding unique items and incredible deals. We believe this experience will ultimately help eBay become a more differentiated and a more personal commerce destination. With the knowledge that we're making a very substantial change to the ecosystem, and based on our experience when we launched the new iPad app last fall, we expected to see and we did see some disruption following the launch. To-date, both the data and the reviews on our new mobile experience are following, what we believe, is a similar path to what we saw after the iPad launch  which was last fall  which was an initial dip followed by a strong recovery. You can expect us to launch a series of incremental releases in response to user feedback over the coming weeks and months. Despite this, the percentage of GMV that closed on mobile still increased to 42% in the quarter, up 1% from last. Now let me briefly touch on two of our adjacent platforms that are great complements to our core, Classifieds and StubHub. Our Classifieds portfolio is a key part of our strategy and it provides another way to capture the local C2C opportunity, which often represents the same customers who are selling items more suited to a local transaction. Q3 was another strong quarter of growth for eBay Classifieds with particular strength in the U.K. and in Germany. And in the U.S., we're investing in our Classifieds mobile app, Close5, and we're seeing significant growth with nearly 3 million downloads of the app as of the end of the quarter which is a 10x increase from the end of last quarter. StubHub, our tickets vertical, had a particularly strong quarter getting back to strong growth as the industry-leading secondary ticket marketplace. This strong performance was driven by improvements to our product experience. We continue to see strong overlap between the eBay and the StubHub visitor bases, with three and four visitors to StubHub also visiting eBay. Lastly, we continue to expand StubHub globally in key international markets where we believe the market opportunity is just beginning to hit its stride. In September, we launched StubHub in Germany which is our second major international market along with the U.K. Finally, we continue to actively manage our investment portfolio. In this quarter, we sold part of our stake in Snapdeal while we organically invested in our fast-growing India platform and we divested our stake in the China Classifieds business, Baixing. In summary, we delivered solid results in Q3 and we made meaningful progress against our strategy. I look forward to updating you again on our progress and we'll share our perspective on 2016 in January. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it over to Scott, who'll go into more detail around our financial performance.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Devin. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings presentation beginning on slide 10. Our business was stable in Q3 as we made progress against our key objectives. We generated $2.1 billion of total revenue, $0.43 of non-GAAP EPS, and $462 million in free cash flow, and we repurchased $599 million of our stock. On slide 11, let's start at the top of the funnel with Q3 active buyer growth. In the quarter, we added 2 million new active buyers, increasing the total active buyer base to 159 million, representing 5% year-over-year growth. Underlying this growth was a modest acceleration in our trailing three-month active buyers. This was driven by the additional investment we made in our India platform where we saw strong user acquisition in the quarter. In addition, the actions that we've taken to reduce friction in the password reset and sign-in process have reduced our existing buyer churn. However, the SEO headwinds continue to impact our ability to acquire new buyers. Turning to slide 12. We grew GMV 6% on an FX-neutral basis consistent with Q2. In the U.S., GMV grew 3%, accelerating one point versus prior quarter. This acceleration was driven by the improvements we made to our product experience in StubHub. International GMV grew 7% on an FX-neutral basis, decelerating one point quarter-over-quarter. While we continue to focus on executing our strategy, this relatively stable growth across our platform continues to be dampened by the challenges of SEO, the strength of the U.S. dollar impacting cross-border trade quarters, and the product changes we believe will benefit our users over the long-term. Sold item growth grew 7% in Q3, representing a three point deceleration versus prior quarter. This was driven by a decrease in low ASP purchases this quarter versus last and the impact of fewer new buyers who generally purchase lower ASP items. Moving to slide 13. We delivered net revenues of $2.1 billion, up 5% on an FX-neutral basis. We continue to experience currency headwinds in translation which negatively impacted total revenue growth in the quarter by approximately seven points. Transaction revenue grew 4% on an FX-neutral basis, decelerating one point versus Q2. The deceleration was driven by investments in additional seller incentives such as eBay Top Rated Seller and Daily Deals programs, which are treated as contra revenue. In Q3, this investment reflects a shift of marketing spend from operating expense to contra revenue. Marketing services grew 9% on an FX-neutral basis, accelerating three points versus the prior quarter with our Classifieds format contributing to strong results. The PayPal operating agreement was an addition to our MS&O revenue stream this quarter, adding four points of growth quarter-over-quarter and approximately one point to total revenue growth. Turning to expenses on page 14. The cost of revenue increased 160 basis points year-over-year, driven by the impact of foreign exchange and the payment processing costs, which now include the effects of our agreements with PayPal. Additionally, we made investments in our structured data and security efforts, which were paid for by disciplined prioritization in other areas. Operating expenses were 48.1% of revenue in the quarter, down 67 basis points versus last year. Each cost component benefited from the restructuring we completed earlier this year, but let me provide a bit more context on each. Sales and marketing expenses down 230 basis points year-over-year. This is primarily driven by the decreased brand spend and the shift from sales and marketing expense to contra revenue that I mentioned earlier. Product development is relatively flat year-over-year, although we continue to refocus our investments into areas like our new mobile experience and structured data. G&A increased 120 basis points year-over-year with operating leverage offset by dis-synergies due to separation and a stronger U.S. dollar. Moving to slide 15. In Q3, we delivered $0.43 in non-GAAP EPS, down 6% year-over-year as revenue growth, good operating leverage, and the impact of share repurchases were more than offset by the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar. Our resulting operating margin was 31.9%, a 90 basis point decline versus prior year, driven by the impact of foreign exchange and dis-synergy cost due to separation. Turning to free cash flow. We generated free cash flow of $462 million in the quarter. CapEx was 12% of revenue which is higher than our historical trends due to separation-related activities that we discussed last quarter. We expect free cash flow to accelerate in Q4, driven by our seasonal volume peak, lower separation-related CapEx spend, and improved working capital performance. Moving to slide 17. As a reminder, on our Q2 earnings call, I described our disciplined approach to capital allocation. We reiterate our policy has several key tenets, including focusing on long-term value creation while making sure we have the resources to execute our strategy, driving growth while balancing profitability, supplementing organic growth plans with disciplined acquisitions and investments while maximizing the capital deployed in those assets and managing the capital structure in a way that optimizes our financial flexibility, access to debt, and our cost of capital while both offsetting dilution and reducing share count via opportunistic share repurchases at attractive prices. Turning to our balance sheet and the implementation of this policy, we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $8 billion including approximately $1.5 billion in the U.S. We've repurchased 21.9 million shares at an average price of $27.36 per share. We have $2.4 billion of the existing share repurchase authorization remaining. Shortly after the Q2 earnings call, we received an average investment grade rating from the credit agencies of BBB+. In Q3, we had $250 million of debt mature. And in mid-October, we had a $600 million tranche mature, both of which we've repaid. We may seek outside financing to replace 2015 maturities and to provide additional flexibility to manage our capital structure. We continue to be disciplined in how we manage our investments. As Devin mentioned, in Q3, we sold a portion of our equity stake in Snapdeal and sold the entirety of our stake in Baixing, a Shanghai-based Classifieds business. Consistent with prior practice, the gains from the sale of these two investments are excluded from our non-GAAP earnings but are reflected in our GAAP results. We also made two strategic acquisitions to bring in additional tech and talent to eBay and to enhance our Classifieds vertical presence. Finally, let me share our guidance on slide 18. For Q4, we are projecting revenue between $2.275 billion and $2.325 billion, representing 3% to 5% revenue growth on an FX-neutral basis, and non-GAAP EPS of $0.47 to $0.49 per share. For the full year, we are maintaining our revenue guidance of 3% to 5% growth on an FX-neutral basis and raising our non-GAAP EPS projection to $1.80 to $1.82 a share, reflecting our Q2 earnings performance, the impact of shares repurchased and a more favorable tax rate. In summary, we remain focused on our strategy in executing our key initiatives to reposition eBay for success while delivering on our financial commitments, buying back nearly $600 million of stock and continuing to demonstrate our disciplined approach to capital allocation. And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions; I have two. You talked about StubHub performing pretty strongly and kind of driving some of the acceleration in the U.S. Can you just talk about the growth trajectory of the core U.S. business in 2Q and 3Q ex-StubHub? How big of a benefit was that? And then the second question, I guess you talked a little bit about raising debt and potentially going into the markets. How do you think about potentially going into a net debt position as opposed to staying in net cash? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. Why don't I take that, Brian? First off, just to clarify, so U.S. segment growth was 3% which was up one point Q-on-Q. That one extra point was driven by StubHub's acceleration and thus the underlying core business in the U.S. was stable. To your question on net debt, our current BBB+ rating allows us to had a 3 times to 3.5 times EBITDA multiple to be slightly in a net debt position and we have no issues with being at that level. And, right now, our plan is to continue to assess how we think about repurchasing our stock price and all of the underlying tenets of the capital allocation aspects that I laid out. I think the most important thing as we look forward is that, that 3 times to 3.5 times gives us the capacity that we think is necessary to provide the flexibility to do all the elements of long-term value creation that we talked about, drive the growth of the underlying business and give us the flexibility to acquire businesses in the disciplined way that we talked about in the past.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carlos Kirjner with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. I have two questions. For several quarters, we have seen fixed-price GMV growing robustly but auctions shrinking. Can you help us understand the extent to which fixed-price growth is cannibalistic of auctions and how we think about fixed-price growth without this effect? And secondly, with respect to the 35% of relevant listings for which you are all already collecting structural data information, it mentioned I think on page five of your presentation, to what percentage of GMV do they correspond? Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me take those. Let me take the two of those. So starting first with fixed-price versus auction, I think there's a couple of things going on. First of all, historically, auctions tended to correlate better with the consumer sold business on eBay. And for several years that business has grown more slowly than the B2C business. But I think there's something also going on that's more significant than that which is we've affirmatively moved through our policies and through our format guidance, a portion even of the consumer sold business, to fixed-price. So we think that certain categories we just see better conversion when we move them from an auction to a fixed-price listing. An example might be consumer electronics. So we've made it more favorable from a pricing perspective, and our guidance suggests to consumers that they list the cell phone at a price that we know it will sell at rather than necessarily engaging in an auction, just to give you one example. So part of it is we've moved it affirmatively. Part of it is our C2C business is something that, over the last few years, as we've talked about last quarter, we were very focused on big retail. And now we're coming back to looking at the opportunity in C2C, and I think there's a real opportunity over time to reinvigorate that business. And we might see some tailwinds based on that over time. So those are the two components that drive the decline in auctions versus the strength in the fixed-price format. On GMV, I think that roughly the coverage is in the accompanying slides, Carlos. We basically have said that there are three parts to what we're doing. Part of it is identifying the product identifiers. We look at the relevant universe as manufactured items. And manufactured items is roughly 700 million items out of our inventory. And I think if you look at the slides, you'll see that we've covered a portion of that already with the mandate. And the plan is to roll that out very aggressively over the next, let's call it, 15 months. So the slide ought to provide more color on the coverage by listings and GMV.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. I also have a couple of questions. First, Devin, during the analyst meeting and the last call you talked about needing, I think, 18 months to make the investments and transformation of the business, especially around some of the underlying technology. And I wonder if that's still the right timeframe to think about. And then secondly on the updated seller policies you rolled out at the anniversary event, there seem to be some renewed enthusiasm, I think, from that group, particularly among smaller sellers. And maybe just as a clarification on your comment, Devin, from the last question, I wonder if that small, mid-size seller base is really where you're focused. Or are you still engaging also with the larger merchants? Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, thanks, Colin, for the question. On the first part, I think the 18 months that I referred to was there were questions on this structured data initiative, when will it start to make a dent in things like SEO? And when will be able to see it in traffic and in SEO? And as I said, it isn't  it doesn't all come at once  it comes as you progress. But I said I thought you'd be able to start to see it in around 18 months. And I still think that's the case. We are making good progress, but the external impact of that, meaning our benefits from SEO, our benefits from traffic from those channels is still relatively limited. And that's why, both in my remarks and in the slides, we wanted to clarify that there are a number of steps we need to take. And that's why there's a bit of a gap between asking sellers for the information, processing that data, applying machine learning, putting that in products and marketing channels, and then ultimately seeing the results. So I still think that's a fair timeframe for us to begin to see benefits in the channels that we mentioned. On the seller policies, it's worth clarifying that when we talk about small and medium sellers, that's really the core of the eBay seller, it doesn't necessarily mean a mom-and-pop, we're very focused on that, but it also means multi-million dollar businesses. But compared to large retailers, that's a small- or medium-sized business. That is clearly our area of focus. I think our policies and the products that we've launched, even in the first 90 days are squarely attuned to that segment of our marketplace. What we see is that there's really great energy around there. I'm really pleased with the progress we've made in a relatively short period of time, and I think that the opportunity for us to acquire new sellers, new inventory, differentiated inventory and differentiated sellers is real. I think the eBay brand is unique. I think we don't want to be like anyone else and we don't think that our brand is like anyone else's. And because of that, the ability to acquire unique inventory through unique sellers  both consumers and small- and medium-sized businesses  is square in the center of where we're focused. And you'll see us do even more down the balance of this year and certainly into 2016
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Scott W. Devitt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thank you. I had a couple questions. First on U.S. versus international growth, I was wondering, Devin, if you could just kind of go through some of the puts and takes in terms of this ongoing delta between the two? There's the impacts of search and security as kind of bad guys, I think, that are leveraged more to the U.S. business, but the U.S. business has had more than development of structured content. And then you also have the currency effect of the U.S. buyers buying European goods versus the opposite before the strength of the dollar. So could you talk through that first? And then secondly, on slide 14 of the deck, in the cost of revenue where you referenced the agreements with PayPal driving higher costs, I was of the understanding that the only incremental costs were tied to minimum volume threshold, so can you just explain what the incremental cost was tied to? Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Scott. I'm going to let Scott take the question.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Scott. A couple of things. First off, backing up on the U.S. growth. So the U.S., as we talked about in the past, has a significantly-impacted aspect of it from the strength of the U.S. dollar, which is heavily weighted on its export basis, on the export out of the U.S. And as you think about the U.S. dollar's strength, that's pushed down the GMV associated with that product going outside of the U.S. If you look at the GMB, which I highlighted last time, it's actually relatively stable; it's at 6% growth in the core U.S. business versus 6% last quarter. And so, to your question, the near-term aspects of the things that we're working on are actually relatively muted in those. As we've talked about, it's going to take a fair amount of time for that  for those  to the impact of things like structured data and other things to impact the growth. And so, in the near term, what the U.S. is facing is the pressure from the SEO, search issues, the associated active buyer growth impact and the FX that we talked about. Internationally, growth is roughly stable, the levels that they are. And I would say a couple of things to highlight there. First off, China export continues to be pretty strong and consistent quarter-over-quarter. We've got a great business in India that continues to grow very nicely. And our Korea business continues to do very well and kind of in line with prior quarter growth. In Europe, the impact of SEO, the impact of some of the product changes have had a little bit of a muted impact on growth particularly at the latter part of the quarter, but still in the reasonably close to the range that they were in the prior quarter. And again, they're impacted a bit by foreign exchange and a bit by the SEO aspects that we've talked about. In terms of your second question  the cost of revenue  the incremental cost from the operating agreement is tied to minimum volume threshold. There's two aspects that I'd call out. First off, in the revenue line, we actually have the cost  there's a benefit of the contracts with PayPal and those are the things that relate to the penetration rate, the credit bounty and the user acquisition. And then the actual costs in the cost of revenue now show up in our non-GAAP results are actually payment processing-related.
Scott W. Devitt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Mark May with Citi. Your line is now open.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. I think a lot of mine have been addressed, but, I guess, last year, Devin, you talked about some broader reach marketing plans heading into the holiday season. I know in the quarter you called out some of the leverage in sales and marketing came from reduced brand spend, but just thinking about heading into the holiday season and your guidance, what you're thinking about more on the brand-marketing side. And then in terms of the share repurchases during the quarter, given the timing of the PayPal spend, I'm just wondering is the amount of shares that you bought back in this quarter, is that kind of a pretty fair look at sort of how you'll be opportunistic going forward or were there were some sort of restrictions that you had during the quarter that maybe pulled you back a bit in Q3? Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mark, thanks for the question. I'll take the first part; Scott will take the capital allocation question. On marketing, let me just start by giving a slight helicopter view of the way we view marketing. Historically, we've been very focused on digital channels and we've been very ROI-driven, and what that's tended to do is drive our marketing spend down the funnel. In other words, we tend to market heavily when we make sales and that's why we've heavily skewed towards things like paid search and other digital channels. I do think that as some of the markets shift and as more channels are available to us, we need to pivot some of our marketing to the mid funnel and to the upper funnel, and upper funnel is what we would call brand spend. It's more about eBay than about buying any particular item. We've been working really hard because we don't like to waste money around here and we're very metrics-focused. And as we move from the bottom of the funnel to the top, it gets harder. Frankly, the timeframes extend and it gets harder to measure whether a dollar was well-spent in-brand and it's easier to measure that if a dollar was well spent if you sold something or not. But I still believe that it's necessary. So we are already  particularly in the social channels that I mentioned in my remarks  beginning to move from selling individual items to selling eBay as a brand. And I think that you'll see more of that, not only through the holiday but through 2016. I think it's very important for us to say to the world who we are. Some of that is closing some of the misconceptions about our business. I think the brand is ubiquitous but not everyone knows what we do. But some of that is really the sort of emotional connection of the brand which is not a commodity, it's not a utility and it's about consumers finding unique items and incredible deals. And that's really where we think north is for our brand. More specifically for this holiday, we'll be very active. Last holiday, we did a bit of TV, not in every DMA but we did some TV in the U.S. and some in Europe. We're not going to do a significant amount of TV this holiday but we won't spend less. We're going to be very active in digital channels and we're operationally-ready for this holiday and we will certainly be active marketing, both through promotions and marketing channels, for the holiday. So I hope that answered the first part and I'll turn it to Scott on the capital question.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Mark. I think if you go back to one of our underlying tenets of how we'll deploy capital as it relates to share buyback, we'll continue to be prescriptive in our acquisition of our shares as it relates to the dilution-related activities, and then we'll be opportunistic in terms of how and when we buy back shares in this quarter. I don't think that is any different than how we think about it going forward. This quarter, we bought back 21.9 million shares at $27.36, roughly 1.8% of the company of the outstanding shares. Now, that all said, I think we all  we've talked about this in the past with everyone  there is a bit of a governor over the course of the first two years where we cannot have plans nor we'd be buying back more than 20% of the shares of the company. That said, this represents a fairly, I think, clear step of how we think about buybacks for us going forward.
Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question, operator?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Devin, I know you touched on this a little bit but when you look at the impact of the product categorization work that you've done, is there a tangible impact that you see or expect to see to traffic conversion rate or some other metric that you can discuss? And then on the quarter, as we look at the take rate, can you breakdown for us the impact that you're still seeing in take rate from the changes at StubHub, any of the contra investments that you've been making or anything else that's having an impact on those numbers that's worth calling out?
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Steve. I'll take the first part and Scott will take the second. Let me give you a qualitative rather than a quantitative view. I'm not going to componentize the qualitative side of structured data, but let me just describe it to you and why I think it ultimately has a positive impact on both traffic and on conversion. If we step back at what we're trying to do, what we're trying to do is really understand and associate the products that are on our shelves. We're trying to be able to group products. We're trying to be able to sell products in ways that are not dependent on search alone. We're trying to create better discoverability of products, both on the marketplace and off. If you come back to what we've been saying repeatedly, there might be a faster path to SEO recovery, but this cycle of spin it up and then spin it down is not sustainable. So we're building it on a much more sustainable foundation because ultimately both SEO, and frankly discoverability on eBay, are crying for persistence. They're crying for us to understand that just because a listing comes and goes, we're still selling thousands of iPhones or sweaters or shovels or whatever we're selling. So that, at the end of the day, is why having a persistent view of the products we sell, I believe, is a traffic driver, and it's a conversion driver because, ultimately, we have 800 million items for sale. This is the world's biggest store. It can be overwhelming, and we're asking too much of search. Search is very important, but for search to be the only lever to pick through 800 million items is becoming not sustainable. And ultimately it causes a reduction in conversion. The ability for us to group items, to merge items, to understand what's the best item out of a lot, to create trade-offs, say, between the very unique eBay categories like used, manufacturer refurbished, and new, and allow consumers to understand the value-based trade-offs of all of those choices, is to me endemic to what we're doing in the structured data initiative. So I can't give you a number, but I know that what we're driving at is better traffic. And I know that we're driving at better conversion. And that's why it's worth the investment and it's why it's worth the significant shift in what we're doing. Scott will take the second part on take rate.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The cut, the way I think about this is, first off, the take rate was relatively stable quarter-to-quarter. And if you look at, it's up I think 10 basis points. We'll get a little bit of uplift from the mix of StubHub in that number. But I think the more material shift quarter-on-quarter was what I called out with the contra revenue. And as we look at our overall expense base for marketing, we, as you know, are very disciplined in how we approach the deployment of that marketing spend and occasionally will move the investment between different buckets within that expense base. And, in some cases, shift it from expense to contra revenue, broadly speaking. But things like seller incentives, daily deal incentives, even, to the extent, buyer couponing. And it's really dependent on how we see the capabilities of those different marketing channels to be effective and get the best return for us. In this quarter that did depress revenue growth a little bit, helping some of the underlying aspects of the business in the best way we thought to spend marketing on a go-forward basis. And that's really why you see the differential between the GMV growth rate of about 6% and the transaction revenue growth rate of 4%.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got you. Thanks, Scott. Thanks, Devin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is now open.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just two. One on the Classifieds side, thanks for all the information into the quarter, and especially some of the color on the call. But curious how you're approaching the sort of portfolio of assets you have inside the Classifieds business, where there might be places to allocate more capital against market-leading positions versus maybe the need to either invest or divest of assets longer-term in markets where you maybe don't have a leading position? And then the second question on general health of the consumer, there's been a lot of mixed data points. What was your view of how you saw the consumer act as we move through back-to-school, through Q3, and how the consumer is set up in some of your key geographies for Q4? Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'll take those. On Classifieds, I think what you said is exactly the way we look at it. Classifieds markets tend to be local, they tend to be national and at least historically for horizontal Classified players, they tend to be winner-take-all. Now that winner may not be clear right away and there's certainly competitor battlegrounds in certain markets, but the markets that we operate in, we have leading and winning positions in nearly all of them other than where we have seeds planted where we believe we can win. If we're in a market where we believe that we are not going to win or there's not a clear path to winning, then we'll exit that market and reallocate that investment to an area that we can. Our Classifieds portfolio, we have a great playbook, a team that really knows what they're doing. We've shown that we can grow and build this business. At times we use the balance sheet. There was a small Classifieds acquisition this quarter and it's been a great business for us that we'll continue to move into. An example that I mentioned of a competitive battleground is the U.S. Obviously, it's an enormous potential market, but what we see is that the Classifieds space in the U.S. has been thrown up for grabs and it's a very big market opportunity and we think we've got a winning proposition with Close5. It is growing very, very rapidly. And we'll continue to allocate resource for markets where we're not going to win into markets where we have a plausible chance of winning. We won't win in every market but that's the way we look at the portfolio. On the consumer, we see the same data that you do. We know there have been a number of consumer companies that have been cautious about the fourth quarter. Obviously, our guidance implies stability, but I guess we're a bit cautious about it, too, only because we see some of the data points on GDP, on jobs and on what other companies have said, so we're watching it carefully. But overall, we see net stability and that's implied in our guidance for the holiday season.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Great. I would like to follow up on the last thing. Just  was the quarter stable? Like every month kind of consistent for you, no surprises month-over-month? And then secondly, just wondering about the SEO challenges you highlighted, obviously, big issues last year. Have there been continuing changes this year that have impacted you at all on that? And then lastly, any quantification you can give us on the size of StubHub and the changes you recently made, why you did those? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Let me take the first two here, Justin. First one, the quarter did stable. In total for the core business or in the overall business, it was actually relatively stable. I know there was some anxiety around some September data that was out there and I think that depends by geography. Certainly, StubHub had a very strong September. The U.S. had a slightly weaker, as did parts of Europe, a slightly-weaker September. And Asia had a strong September. And so I'd look at the overall portfolio and go, not radically different month-to-month-to-month. SEO challenges, there's been no real new SEO challenges for the year. I know there's been a couple of changes around mobile and other things that have been out there, but, broadly speaking, we haven't really seen an incremental new impact to our business versus what we've been talking about. I don't know if you want to talk about StubHub, Devin. I think, overall, we don't give StubHub numbers but do you want to talk a bit about the changes?
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I can talk about the changes. We have new leadership at StubHub and it's a great business. It's the leading, obviously, secondary tickets marketplace. And we made a whole series of changes rapidly and saw a very nice rebound in the business. So some of that was around the product  there is a brand-new StubHub mobile experience. Some of that was around the way we display pricing changes. Some of that was around a brand campaign which has now gone bright, and you may see it on during the baseball playoffs or on football games. All of those had an impact and it was a fairly rapid turnaround of StubHub's performance back to growth, which was great to see. So I think they all contributed.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Two questions. One, could you  any particular international markets you'd want to call out? I think I heard you talk about India earlier on, but any other key markets, Germany, the U.K. or South Korea either as skewing better than the overall international trends or skewing weaker? And then, secondly, just following up on that StubHub question, the issue at StubHub a year ago, year and a half ago, was real changes in the pricing of some of the major competitors in the market. Have you seen any changes in that pricing environment? Or is the improvement that you're seeing at StubHub purely due to your own execution in some of the things you've done at StubHub per se rather than ameliorating or better pricing conditions across the industry? Thank you.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, hi, Mark. It's Scott. Internationally, I called a few of these out earlier but just to clarify, that Germany and U.K. slightly less than the overall international growth. The Korea platform continues to grow very nicely I think at or above e-commerce rates of growth in Korea. And then I'd highlight our China business. Our China export business still continues to do very well exporting around the world into many of our major markets. And those are a big part of the drivers around the world and I think doing mixed results across the board, as I said earlier. Do you want to talk about StubHub?
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, well, let me just add on markets. I'll just call India out, Mark. India, there's so much been written about it and there's no doubt that there is some hype and there's been a lot of investment. But the fact is that the market is growing. I don't think it's going to be winner-take-all, and what we feel like is we're growing responsibly. We feel like we're investing appropriate amounts to grow the eBay brand, the buyer acquisition has been strong, the GMV growth has been strong, and we're going to keep watching it and keep investing in it to grow our organic eBay platform. So I think you've got to separate out the hype from the reality. There's plenty of hype but there's also a good deal of reality in India and it is a growing market, it's exciting and there will be multiple winners and we'll be one of them. Back to StubHub, I think that just given what we've seen, a large part of what's happened with StubHub was our own execution. It just happened so rapidly after the series of changes that we made that it's hard to believe the market was shifting at the same time. I think the market is adapting, but this is a great business with a strong brand, and I think that having now gotten back in the sweet spot of this product, its pricing, and its brand position, it's in a good market and market share position.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Devin. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. I've got two questions. The first is when should we expect the disruption related to the mobile app launch start to normalize? And is that enough to, on a monthly basis, take the U.S. GMV negative? And then, secondly, is there any early evidence that the structured data related to the 35% of inventory that you've converted is already starting to help SEO? You made it clear that, on a consolidated basis, it's going to take some time and I'm just wondering on that subset if you're seeing some benefit. Thanks.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. On the first question, on mobile, let me just reiterate that we're running the company for the long run and some of the things we're doing are really fundamental, and it tends to be that in marketplace ecosystems like this, fundamental things may not be growth-friendly in the short run, but they are important in the mid to long run. And mobile is one of those. I don't have an exact timeframe, but you're already seeing the beginning of recovery. And we watch carefully, the ratings are sort of public face of it. Frankly, I care more of what millions of people do than what a few people say, but they're both important, and the data reflects what people are doing. And we are beginning to see recovery and it is mirroring what we saw with the iPad launch. That was also a fairly large change. Metrics went down, then they came back up and of course they ended stronger than where we started. So that's the hope with what we're doing here and we'll watch it carefully and we'll adjust as we go. We're constantly looking at that data and listening to customers and we'll respond to it rapidly. Is it a slight drag on growth? Yes, it is, it's globally, as is, frankly, adding the requirement on structured data and a few other things. These are all things that are not necessarily growth-friendly in the short run, but important for us to do in the long run. So there's no doubt there's some impact in there. On the second question, the answer is yes. Again, we watch the data carefully. If you look at things like our slides, where you see us deploying structured data, and it is very small right now, you are seeing improvement in our rankings, you're seeing some traffic flowing, and you're seeing some conversion benefits being picked up. So that gives us comfort that we're on the right track, but I'd caution that this is going to take time, as I've said consistently for months now. So...
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to drill down a little bit more on active buyers. You talked about an acceleration in the trailing three-months and also India being strong. Can you just help us understand how to think about the value of those new buyers in India relative to kind of the average overall and how long it takes them to ramp up spend? And then also, what are the actions that you highlighted in terms of reducing the sign-up friction on the platform? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, so I'm going to take the first one. Doug, the active buyer growth of 5% is down a point Q-on-Q on a trailing 12-month basis. And what I've highlighted for the last couple of quarters is the trailing three-month is really purposely to help highlight how the more recent trends have developed based on the actions that we've taken. And the trailing three-month we've seen some modest acceleration, as I called out, based on the investments in India  which obviously on a GMV per user basis  is going to be lower than the rest of the world on average. And then the actions that we've taken to reduce friction on sign-in. And those include things like, over the last several months, providing security, much more robust set of security questions, allowing for text messaging to allow quick retrieval of a sign-in code, and then having users be able to remain signed in for a period of time. There's a number of other smaller things, but what that's had the impact of doing is actually reducing the churn of our existing user base. And we continue to work on going after those customers that have come back and not been able to sign in. And that's one of the ways that we think about using contra to go after them in the form of couponing, as well as direct marketing on e-mails, et cetera. Now, I will call out, as I did my comments, that there continue to be headwinds, even in the underlying trailing three-month results on active buyers that we see where even though we're making some progress in our cataloging penetration, if you will, as well as the changes to the user experience and what you're seeing in the Google search, it's not sufficient as of yet to stem the tide of the active buyers, the new active buyers, that aren't coming to the experience yet. And that's really our primary focus here.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me  just a quick add-on on reduction of friction. The tension, obviously, is security. And security is an incredibly important priority for us, particularly given the events of last year. So we constantly are trying to push the efficient frontier of removing friction, but not reducing our customers' security. And I think that there have been advancements. You're starting to see some of the big web companies do some interesting things with phone numbers, mobile phone numbers, even using basically piggybacking on things like biometric off of the iOS device. You should expect to see us do that. We'll continue to push to reduce sign-in and password reset friction, as long as we feel like it doesn't compromise our customers' security.
Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we have time for one more call  question. Excuse me.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in, guys. Just one follow up to that last question and then a bigger-picture question. So if we look at the buyer cohorts in western markets like the U.S. and the U.K., how long do you think it will take for some of these new buyers that you're bringing in to get up to the levels of the top cohorts and kind of replace some of the drop-off that you saw from those top cohorts after the password breach last year? Is that a one-year phenomenon? Is it a multi-year phenomenon? Just a little bit of help there would be great. And then somewhat related to that, just big picture, are you comfortable with the low-double-digit fixed-price GMV growth that you're currently seeing? It seems pretty stable. Or once all the re-cataloging work is done, could we see some more aggressive marketing and essentially drive that number or that growth rate higher? How should we think about that longer-term? Thanks.
Scott Schenkel - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Ross, the way I would answer your question on the cohorts is that as we get new buyer growth to reaccelerate in the core major markets, what I would expect is that those new buyers actually have a cohort profile similar to the ones that we have today. Underlying the trailing 12-month active buyer growth and the existing trailing three-month is a relatively stable set of cohorts that aside from the new buyers remain relatively stable in terms of how much they buy. And so, I don't anticipate that once we reactivate and get that new buyer growth going again that it would be materially different, although I don't necessarily have data to prove that at this point.
Devin N. Wenig - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, and, Ross, on the second question, I think the question was, are we comfortable? I'd point back to the question that I answered around C2C, which is, I take the two together in part because it's not separate businesses anymore. And, no, we're not comfortable with a 6% growth rate. We're proud of the work we're doing, we're running the company for the long run, but we're not settling comfortably into a 5% or 6% growth rate. We're not satisfied with that. We want to push this harder, but we want to do it the right way and run the business over the long run, so this will take time. But our aspiration is certainly to grow the business faster. So I hope that answers the question.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Selim Freiha - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-16 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom G. Hudson - Vice President-Investor Relations John J. Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Bob Swan - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc. Patrick Dupuis - Chief Financial Officer, PayPal, Inc. Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay Scott Schenkel - SVP & CFO eBay Marketplaces
Analysts: Mark May - Citi Investment Research Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Matt R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities LLC James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen welcome to the eBay's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tom G. Hudson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2015. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer; Dan Schulman, PayPal's President and CEO; Patrick Dupuis, PayPal's CFO; Devin Wenig, our CEO Designee; and Scott Schenkel, our CFO Designee. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany the commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in the prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons, unless they clarify otherwise. And all segment results are adjusted for the effects of foreign currency. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days with the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of the conference call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements related to the planning separation of eBay Inc.'s Marketplaces and PayPal businesses, the planned sale of the Enterprise business and our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involves risk and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited, to the future performance of both the eBay and PayPal businesses on a standalone basis if the separation is completed including expected financial results for the full year 2015, and the completion and timing of the planned separation. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report and on our Form 10-K and our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of July 16, 2015 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update the information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John J. Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q2 earnings call. This is a special moment. Our Q2 results mark the final consolidated earnings call for eBay Inc. On Monday, July 20, PayPal and eBay will begin trading as separate independent public companies. Our call will run a little longer today. I'll be brief and Bob will provide a quick summary of the overall eBay Inc. financial results, and then, we'll turn it over to Dan and Devin who'll provide full details on the quarter and outlook for each business. Suffice it to say, we are very pleased with our overall Q2 performance. FX neutral revenue from continuing operations was up 12% and non-GAAP EPS was up 9%. PayPal and eBay both delivered strong Q2 results and have strong momentum. Dan, Devin and the respective teams are executing well and looking to create the next great chapter for PayPal and eBay. Since announcing the decision to separate last September, our teams have done a remarkable job. We said we would move with speed and clarity, and we have. We said we would create operating agreements that preserve synergies while creating strategic flexibility for each business, we have. We said we would build two world-class management teams and boards of directors, we have. And we said we would set each business up for long-term success and I believe we have done just that. Each business is well-capitalized with strong balance sheets. And Dan and Devin, each have clear focused strategies to drive PayPal and eBay forward. In closing, I joined this company 10 years ago, because I was inspired by the purpose and values of our Founder Pierre Omidyar. It was one of the best decisions I've ever made. Serving our customers and bringing our purpose to life has been a privilege. I am proud of what we've accomplished, building two global leaders in commerce and payments. Each step of the way we've been committed to doing what's best for our customers, our employees and our shareholders, and this moment is no different. Launching PayPal and eBay as independent companies is clearly the best path for each business and the right approach for delivering sustainable value to shareholders. Last, I'm proud that we're executing a smooth succession process and I'm thrilled for Dan and Devin. They are the right leaders who will launch the next chapters for PayPal and eBay. And I'm confident that under their leadership, and that of their respective teams, PayPal and eBay have great futures ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Bob who'll provide a summary of our overall Q2 results.
Bob Swan - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Great, John. Thanks and good morning. I'll provide a brief update on the quarter results at the Inc. level before handing the call over to PayPal and eBay teams for more detail. During the discussion, we will reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. Before I start, I wanted to highlight that the eBay's board has authorized the decision to sell eBay Enterprise; and as a result, those results will be included in discontinued operations. And while it is not in our press release; about three minutes ago, we concluded the sale of eBay Enterprise for approximately $925 million. I'll touch on that a bit later. Q2 was a great quarter demonstrating continued momentum for both businesses. Revenue from continuing operations was $4.4 billion, up 12% on an FX neutral basis, a 2 point acceleration from the first quarter. PayPal revenue was $2.3 billion, up 19%. And eBay revenue was $2.1 billion, up 5%. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.76, up 9% on continuing operations. We generated $688 million of free cash flow from continuing operations in the quarter and $1.6 billion for the first half of the year. In the quarter, we completed the sale of the PayPal loan portfolio, increasing U.S. cash balance by roughly $700 million and we exited our stake in Craigslist. As of June 30, PayPal and eBay are capitalized with $6.6 billion and $8.5 billion cash respectively. In Q2, on a continuing operating basis we generated net revenues of $4.4 billion, up 12% with strength across both businesses. Currency negatively impacted our growth by approximately 5 points. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.76, up 9% on a continuing operations basis. The EPS improvement was driven by accelerating topline growth, a streamlined cost structure, and a lower share count. Operating margins were up 110 basis points on a continuing operations basis, while we continued to invest in our key strategic priorities. Through the first six months of the year we have improved our cash balance by $0.5 billion to $15.1 billion. We generated $1.6 billion in free cash flow; we bought back $1 billion in stock; and we executed on strategic initiatives, closing two acquisitions, selling Craigslist and a portion of our credit receivable portfolio. Additionally, we've moved $3.8 billion of cash from eBay to PayPal. Upon separation, both businesses will have the financial flexibility to pursue their respective capital allocation priorities. As I mentioned earlier, eBay's board has authorized management to sell eBay Enterprise. Just minutes ago, we announced that we reached a definitive agreement to sell the business for $925 million. The discontinued ops will result in an impairment charge of $786 million and we expect the deal to close  the transaction in the second half of this year. I want to touch on three quick items before handing the call over to Dan and Devin. First, on segment margins; as a reminder, Patrick and Scott will refer to segment margins in discussing their second quarter results. These exclude corporate costs, dis-synergies and stand-up related costs. They also exclude incremental revenue that results from previously eliminated intercompany revenues. In the second quarter these costs for PayPal represented approximately 3 points to 4 points and approximately 4 points to 5 points for eBay. Second, GAAP to non-GAAP results are wider than usual. In addition to amortization of intangibles and stock-based compensation, the quarter includes the impact from selling our investment in Craigslist, the one-time cost associated with separation, and the impairment charge associated with the sale of eBay Enterprise. And lastly, let me describe four important filings that will take place in the next six weeks. We will file an eBay Inc. 8-K that will provide a pro forma view of eBay after giving effect to the distribution of PayPal. eBay Inc. will file its 10-Q including segment results for only the eBay and PayPal businesses. And PayPal will file a 10-Q in the second quarter including standalone revenue and operating margins. And lastly, in mid-August, eBay will file an 8-K to provide investors with meaningful historical financial information including standalone revenue and operating margins. In closing, I want to say thank you. It's been a privilege working with you over the years. I feel great about what we've accomplished over the last 10 years, but I feel even better about the teams that we are passing the baton to. So with that, let me now turn the call over to the new leadership teams at eBay and PayPal to discuss the segment-specific results for the quarter.
Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc.: Thank you, Bob, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. I'm glad that Patrick and I had the opportunity to meet so many of you in person during our recent roadshow. It almost goes without saying that this is an exciting time for PayPal. I'm happy to report, as we enter this next chapter in our history, that we had another strong quarter, in line with our expectations, and we continue to help shape the transformation of digital and mobile payments around much of the world. With that, let me highlight some of our results and initiatives for the quarter. Payment volume was $66 billion, up 28% on an FX neutral basis, accelerating from Q1 where our payment volume was already up a robust 25%. Importantly, PayPal continued to gain share globally, growing at roughly double the pace of e-commerce. More specifically, our Merchant Services payment volume increased by a strong 36%, as we continue to win with the larger, leading commerce players, both traditional retailers and next-generation platforms. This metric also accelerated 3 points from Q1. On our last earnings call, I outlined the four metrics that best measure the growth and health of our business. As a reminder, they are our topline revenue growth, the scale of our customer base, the engagement of that base as shown by transactions per active account, and free cash flow. We continue to drive incremental progress across all of these metrics. First, I'll start with our topline growth. As Bob mentioned, our Q2 revenue was $2.3 billion, up 19% on an FX neutral basis, a 200 basis point improvement from Q1. Second, our customer base continues to expand. We ended the quarter with 169 million active accounts, an increase of 11%, and up from 165 million active accounts at the end of Q1. This growth is driven by the growing strength of our PayPal brands. PayPal was named as one of the top 100 brands throughout the world in a recent study; and in countries like Australia and the UK we rank as one of the top 10 most trusted brands. This trust helps to drive both acquisition and engagement. Also, in a recent study, U.S. consumers who plan to make their first mobile payment in a physical store in the next six months were asked how they would choose to pay. Over 70% said they would trust PayPal over others with that transaction. And that brand preference is a powerful asset as we look towards the future. Third, we continue to deepen engagement with our customer base. We processed almost 1.1 billion transactions in the second quarter, up 27%. Even as we continue to grow customers at the top of our funnel, our monetization per account increased to $50 from $48 a year ago. And our customers used PayPal more often. Transactions per active account rose substantially from last year, now at 24 per (16:23) year, up from 21 times a year in Q2 of last year. Let me spend just a bit more time on engagement, as that metric is an important reflection of the value we bring to our ecosystem. That value starts with mobile leadership. For the second quarter, mobile transactions represented 30% of our total transactions, up 1 point from Q1 and grew 42%. We see ourselves as a mobile-first platform and the majority of our development efforts continue to support our innovation across mobile payments and digital commerce. Being a trusted way to pay in today's most popular apps is helping to drive this increase in mobile engagement. Across not only online and in-app, but importantly, we are seeing the very beginning of our in-store strategy play out. PayPal continues to make very strong inroads with leading mobile players. We are now live with 67% of the top 100 mobile merchants. Importantly, we are making initial strides in powering the in-store mobile shopping experiences developed by our merchant partners. The Paydiant powered SUBWAY app became the number two downloaded food and beverage iOS app in the U.S. in June and is now available across 30,000 plus stores. And in collaboration with Tillster we announced the national rollout of PayPal as a way to pay at 5,000 BURGER KING stores. As pleased as we are with our customers' engagement, we aspire to much more. We want to create a value proposition that inspires the average PayPal customer to use our app two times to three times a week versus the two times to three times per month they use PayPal today. And while that is a significant stretch goal for us, we already see this type of usage pattern with our Venmo users. For a generation that has never written a check Venmo is the way to pay the rent, pay back a friend, and it is in the middle of how the millennial generation manage and moves their money. As a result, in Q2, Venmo processed $1.6 billion of transaction volume, a 247% increase. And finally, we are on track to deliver our free cash flow guidance of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion for 2015. As John mentioned earlier, the separation process has gone very well and we've completed the significant effort in record time. The separation has given PayPal the opportunity to invest heavily in our infrastructure, setting up state-of-the-art networks and datacenters to give PayPal a competitive edge. This was no small task and our technology teams deserve a tremendous amount of recognition for this achievement. At the same time, we continue to push forward the transformation of our technology platform. We've made great progress and are approximately two-thirds of the way through this three-year initiative. We have re-architected much of our backend infrastructure and consequently have sped up payment processing by up to 50% in the past year, and reduced time to push code live to site by more than half. We are a fully agile software development shop; now, one of the largest in the world. And being agile allows us to innovate more quickly, integrate more effectively, and introduce new products or deploy in new markets faster than ever. And a great example of our new flexibility and speed to market is One Touch. One Touch is the most significant improvement to our checkout experience in the past 5 plus years. One Touch lets people pay with just a single touch on any mobile phone, tablet and desktop, across iOS, Android and Windows operating systems. It removes almost all friction from the checkout experience. One Touch was started on our Braintree platform, but as we've integrated the PayPal and Braintree software stacks, we were able to migrate its functionality within six months to our traditional PayPal payment flows in the U.S., UK, and Canada, with many other markets targeted for later this year. And while it will take time to properly deploy One Touch through our various payment flows, we expect it to be available for over 50% of our U.S. transactions by year-end. Braintree continues to be the payments partner of choice for mobile disruptors and innovators. In Q2, we announced that Pinterest is now using Braintree's full stack processing platform. Notably, of the five major retailers that were part of Pinterest's viable pins launch, four of them are using Braintree. These include Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Michaels, and Gardener's Supply Company. And in line with our strategy of processing 100% share of checkout for our merchant partners, we also announced the addition of Android Pay, a new form of payment on our platform. Earlier this month, we took another important step to further enhance customer confidence and trust in the PayPal brand. On July 1, we extended our Buyer Protection program to cover not only physical products, but also intangible goods and services, including digital goods, digital music, digital books, digital games, travel tickets, and software downloads. As a result, PayPal now offers Buyer Protection on 99% plus of everything bought on our platform. We believe this is a industry-leading value proposition and that was enabled by our world-class risk and data analytics teams. I want to reiterate what we said during our roadshow. PayPal is much more than a web-based proprietary payment button. We are making significant progress in our quest to become the world's leading open payments platform for merchants and consumers. With the integration of Braintree and the addition of Paydiant to our technology platform, we can provide end-to-end solutions for merchants of all sizes, online, in-app and in-store. By being payment device, point-of-sale, and operating system agnostic, we enable merchants to navigate the increasingly complicated and confusing landscape of payment options and changing consumer behaviors. Beyond the checkout experience with merchants, the accelerated adoption of mobile commerce and payments by consumers affords us the opportunity to transform the management and movement of money. For consumers, we make their transactions safer, easier, and less expensive. Earlier this month, we announced the $890 million acquisition of Xoom, providing us an opportunity to accelerate our entrance into the international remittance industry, a $600 billion market right for disruption. By adding additional value-added services to our technology platform, we believe we can amplify our customer flywheel creating a more powerful network effect. Xoom lets people send money to, and pay bills for family and friends around the world in a secure fast and cost-effective way using their mobile phone, tablet or computer. And during the 12 months ended March 31, 2015, Xoom reported that its 1.3 million active customers sent roughly $7 billion to people in 38 different markets, including the Philippines, India, Mexico, Brazil and China. Xoom's brand promise resonates with ours. They have a strong and engaged customer profile and a mobile and digital service orientation providing real and transparent value globally. Technology should make managing and moving our money aright, not a privilege for just the affluent, and we believe our technology platform, global reach and trusted brand can move PayPal from being an occasional transaction to being an integral part of consumer's financial life. Adding remittance capabilities bolsters our efforts to achieve that goal. I'd like to close by saying that all of us at PayPal are thrilled to return to our original roots as an independent company. On July 20, our original stock ticker symbol, PYPL, will once again be publicly traded on NASDAQ for the second time in our 17-year history. I'd like to take a moment to thank each generation of leadership, and especially all of our employees who brought us to this point. More specifically, I'd like to thank John, Bob, Mike, Alan, Beth and the eBay Inc. team for all they have done over the past nine months in helping us formulate and separate two future Fortune 500 companies. I also want to thank Devin and the eBay team for their support of PayPal. I look forward to a long and productive relationship with them. It's been a remarkable journey, but we are just starting. Today, the potential to improve and transform how money works for people has never been greater. We are fully signed up to meet that challenge and excited by the tremendous opportunity ahead. And with that, let me turn it over to Patrick to discuss our financial metrics in more detail.
Patrick Dupuis - Chief Financial Officer, PayPal, Inc.: Thank you, Dan. We feel good about our Q2 performance as PayPal continues to grow nearly double the rate of the industry. We generated $66 billion of payment volume, up 28% on an FX neutral basis, an acceleration of 3 points driven by strong growth at Braintree and Venmo. This volume translated into $2.3 billion of revenue, up 16% on a reported basis, and 19% on an FX-neutral basis. Our increased share gain is an indication that our strategy is working. We are winning with the leaders in digital and mobile commerce, both with large retailers who are expanding their footprint in mobile and online and with the next-generation apps that are transforming commerce. We have expanded our product solution from a proprietary web-based payment button to an end-to-end payment solution for merchants of all sizes. And as a direct effect of that strategy, where larger customers and broader service stack translate to a lower average take-rate with higher volumes, our transaction margin is declining year-over-year. But in return, expanding volumes bring economies of scale for half of our operating expenses, creating capacity to invest and the opportunity to maintain or expand our operating margin. And indeed, in the second quarter our segment margin expanded 160 basis points to 26.1% despite 190 basis points degradation in transaction margin to 63.2%. And for the first six months of the year, our segment margin was up 60 basis points despite a decline of 140 basis points in our transaction margin. Before going to guidance, let me first provide some context on our earnings quarterly profile. First, the second quarter revenue and margin benefited from the premium received on the sale of our U.S. held credit receivable portfolio in the second quarter. This sale frees up capital that we can redeploy into higher yielding investments, but it comes with a cost. In the second half of the year, we will not receive revenue or operating income associated with the assets we sold. This negatively impacts revenue growth and operating margin by approximately 1 point in the second half of the year. Second, Q3 has historically represented our lowest quarterly segment margin as we invest ahead of the holiday selling season; and the holiday season has an increased level of activity from large merchants, thus lowering our Q4 transaction margin. And third, we will see the full impact of dis-synergy cost and the operating agreement in the second half of the year. We expect a negative margin impact of approximately 5% in the second half of the year versus approximately 3% in the first half. Now, to guidance. Going forward, we will only provide guidance on an annual basis using our quarterly earnings call to report on our progress. For 2015, we are executing on our strategy and our Q2 strong performance only reinforces our confidence in our full-year guidance. We continue to expect our FX neutral revenue growth to be 15% to 18% for full-year 2015 and our non-GAAP operating margin to be 20% to 21%, flat to up 1 point. Our full-year non-GAAP tax rate is now expected to be 19% to 20% versus our prior range of 18% to 19%. This increase is due to a stronger U.S. performance. This translates into 2015 non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.23 to $1.27, including approximately a $0.02 negative impact from the operating agreement in the second half of the year. Finally, we expect to generate free cash flow of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion with a capital expenditures assumption of 8% to 10% of revenue including approximately $100 million in one-time separation related activities. Let me conclude with our balance sheet. Excluding the Xoom transaction, which we hope to close in Q4 2015 following receipt of regulatory approvals and other conditions, we stand up as an independent company with no debt and approximately $6.6 billion in cash and investments, $2.3 billion of which is in the U.S. From a capital allocation perspective, we will prioritize our investment activities to focus on organic activity first, followed by M&A, and lastly buying back stock. We will continue to be an acquisitive company and expect to take a disciplined approach looking for strong network effects and minimal short-term dilution. I will end my remarks by saying that we have developed a unique set of assets. We have created a leading sustainable financial model, which allows us to keep innovating and growing at scale. In a vibrant market fueled by the digitization of money and the proliferation of connected devices, we are fully committed to our vision of being the world's leading open technology payments platform. With that, let me turn the call over to Devin and Scott of eBay.
Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay: Thanks, Patrick. Today, I'll cover three areas. First, I'll comment on our Q2 results. Second, I'll provide an update on our strategy to drive eBay's business forward. And third, I'll share my perspective about the future of eBay. Six months into 2015, I'm encouraged by the state of our business and the progress we're making against our strategy. The year is shaping up well and I'm confident in our full-year outlook. Turning to Q2. Overall, we performed well last quarter and our business was stable. eBay GMV grew at 6% on an FX neutral basis, a 1 point acceleration from Q1; while revenue grew at 5% on an FX neutral basis, a 2 point acceleration from Q1. Our active buyer base grew at 6% on a trailing 12 month basis and our trailing three-month active buyer growth was largely stable. Our active buyers transacted $20 billion of GMV in the quarter with 41% of that closing on mobile. Our Q2 GMV revenue and active buyer growth are clearly steps in the right direction. We've made solid progress, but we have a lot of work ahead of us to maximize eBay's significant potential. We're still feeling the effects of new buyer cohorts we did not acquire over the past year due to the SEO traffic issues, and we're still working to recover buyers that we lost after last year's cyber-security incident. To be clear, our absolute priority is to improve our competitiveness and drive more stable, profitable growth over the long term. We have a clear vision and strategy for our business. So let me now remind you of our plan for eBay and talk about some of the efforts we have underway along with some perspective on early results. As I mentioned on the last call, we intend to focus on our target customer base and on a market segment where we believe we can win. eBay was built on enabling unique selection and unmatched spectrum of value to our buyers around the world, and we plan to focus our resources and innovation on this large segment of the market. First, we're building a more robust commerce platform. Second, we're enhancing our engagement with the core buyer and seller segments, who create a vibrant marketplace. And third, we're creating exceptional product and brand experiences. Let me touch on our efforts in each of these areas in a bit more detail. First, managing a robust commerce platform is key to creating sustainable performance. Our primary effort in this area is focused around leveraging structured data to drive discoverability both on and off our marketplace, as well as improving the user experience. This is a long-term effort and our rollout is initially focused on categories where we have a predominance of manufactured goods. On June 29, we started to require that our sellers provide product identifiers where relevant when listing an item. This is enabling us to create innovative new browse and product pages which were not previously possible in our marketplace. So far we've launched hundreds of thousands of new browse pages into the SEO ecosystem and early results show that these pages convert equal to or better than the pages that they're replacing. We've launched thousands of new product pages across 22 categories through last week. These pages are the seeds of our ability to showcase our offering across new, refurbished, and used items, and provide the consumers the ability to make value-based choices that are truly unique to eBay. While this is an encouraging start, these efforts are in the early stages and we'll continue to share more on our progress along the way. We also continued to experiment and grow new sources to diversify our traffic for consistent long-term growth. While still small relative to our more established channels, traffic from social channels is growing over 100% year-on-year in the U.S. On Facebook, we're early adopters of dynamic product ads, which enable retargeting on mobile. And on Pinterest, eBay's inspirational shopping content is driving very high engagement and click-through rates. And this success has positioned us as the top advertiser on the platform. We're also focused on growing our newer channels including Instagram and Tumblr and we've recently launched efforts on Snapchat and Periscope. We view social media and messaging platforms as a great way to reach our customers in the places they love, while allowing us to diversify our sources of traffic and user acquisition for consistent long-term growth. The second pillar of our strategy is to create a vibrant marketplace. For eBay consumers who love to shop, we'll continue to enhance our platform to bring them amazing value and unique selection. We source inventory on our site from small, medium-size sellers who range from well-known brands to medium-size retailers to smaller entrepreneurs. These sellers represent 70% of global retail and they're growing faster than the top 250 retailers. They bring to us a mix of inventory from unique items to discounted and seasoned inventory to liquidation goods. We're on pace to sign a record number of managed sellers this year. Some key brands and sellers we've added include ASICS, PUMA, GoPro, Sony and Bosch Power Tools. We're also driving a vibrant marketplace by reinventing our consumer selling approach. In Q2, we expanded our intermediated selling service eBay Valet into the fashion category and we now accept items for hundreds of designer fashion brands. While it's still early, the value proposition of eBay Valet is resonating with sellers and driving strong repeat engagement. And we continue to see strong growth in our Classifieds business which is capturing the local C2C opportunity. On the seller experience front, we recently launched our Promoted Listings product enabling eBay sellers to increase item visibility and drive buyer traffic to items they want to showcase, such as new listings or seasonal must-haves. While still an invite-only program, initial results show click-through rates on par with our organic search experience and we're seeing strong seller demand to scale the program. Finally, our third pillar: exceptional product and brand experiences. In Q2, we rolled out improvements to our iPhone, iPad and Android experiences and we launched our Apple Watch app, which enables users to interact with us quickly and easily while on the go. We've also rolled out significant improvements to search quality and relevance to enable buyers to more effectively find what they're looking for. Looking towards the second half, we'll be launching a new experience across mobile channels that we're really excited about. This experience is built upon learnings from our iPad app, a more engaging discovery-based experience for buyers that also builds on our simplified mobile selling experience. This release will unify the mobile experience across our platforms and it'll enable a consistent user experience and faster product iteration. Executing against our strategy also means being vigilant about our portfolio and ensuring that our investments are aligned with our strategic direction. As Bob mentioned earlier, we've just entered into an agreement to sell eBay Enterprise, and in June we divested our stake in Craigslist. Looking forward, we're investing organically to build out our eBay seller tools and data to acquire the small and medium-size business, and we're beginning to scale Close5, our rapidly growing U.S. Classifieds mobile app. You can expect us to be disciplined in our approach to capital allocation going forward. In summary, Q2 was a good quarter. We delivered against our strategy and we're on track to deliver for the full year. You can count on us to continue to focus where we need to win and to make the hard decisions along the way that will enable us to more clearly define our space as a leader. I also want to congratulate Dan and the entire PayPal team, and we look forward to a close relationship working together in the future. As eBay celebrates its 20th anniversary this year, we're making rapid changes to position this business for the future. My goal and that of the entire leadership team is for eBay to be the best global marketplace and a great enduring Internet business. eBay was founded with a purpose-driven ethos, which has fueled our company and our brand. As we write the next chapter for this incredible business, we will continue to focus on our purpose to empower people and create opportunity through connected commerce. Thank you, and now I'll turn it over to Scott, who'll go into more details around our financial performance.
Scott Schenkel - SVP & CFO eBay Marketplaces: Thanks, Devin. Overall in Q2 we continued to stabilize many of our underlying operating metrics while delivering positive signs of acceleration in GMV and revenue growth. We remain focused on our strategy and executing our key initiatives amidst the separation-related activities and we are confident in our full-year outlook. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings presentation where we'll begin on slide 16. Net revenues were $2.1 billion with revenue growth accelerating 2 points to 5% on an FX neutral basis compared to Q1. Transaction revenue grew 5% on an FX neutral basis, also accelerating 2 points versus Q1. The increase in transaction revenue growth was largely driven by the acceleration in GMV growth. Marketing Services revenue grew 7% on an FX neutral basis, accelerating 2 points over the prior quarter, which was primarily driven by our advertising format. In addition, we continue to deliver strong results in our Classifieds format which is expanding its geographic footprint in Latin America and the U.S. Finally, we continue to experience currency headwinds in translation, which negatively impacted total revenue growth in the quarter by approximately 8 points. On slide 17, some highlights on our operating metrics. As Devin explained earlier, we grew trailing 12 months active buyers by 6%, down 2 points compared to Q1. We expected this decline as we continue to deal with the implications of fewer new buyers on eBay due to SEO challenges and the friction introduced by resetting passwords after the cyber-security incident. We grew GMV 6% on an FX neutral basis 1 point faster than Q1. In the U.S., GMV grew 2% consistent with Q1. It's worth noting that U.S. GMV, a measure of consumer buying, grew 6% as U.S. buyers took advantage of the global selection and value available on eBay. We grew our international business 8% on an FX neutral basis, 1 point faster than the prior quarter. That acceleration was driven by the strength in Europe, primarily in the UK and Germany. Segment margin is down 50 basis points from last year as the savings from our Q1 restructuring were more than offset by negative currency translation plus the investment in our key initiatives. Overall, non-GAAP operating expenses were 44% of revenue in the quarter down 1.4 points year-over-year. In Q2, we benefited from the restructuring at the beginning of the year which delivered savings across all areas of the business. Additionally, we lapped expenses incurred in Q2 2014 in both marketing and transaction losses related to the cyber-security incident. As highlighted in our June investor presentation, over the long term, we expect sales and marketing and product development cost to remain relatively flat versus 2015 as a percentage of revenue. We also expect to drive leverage in G&A and reinvest our key strategic initiatives, which include, building a more robust commerce platform, creating a more vibrant marketplace, and developing exceptional product and brand experiences. I'd like to take a moment to discuss our exposure to  and approach to hedging. Our revenue continues to be heavily exposed to currency fluctuations. Earlier this year, we took action to utilize additional hedging strategies to economically protect full-year net income. Some of those strategies are not eligible for hedge accounting, and, thus, we must mark-to-market the hedging instruments to earnings potentially creating volatility in our quarterly results going forward. Now, let me turn to guidance on slide 18. As a reminder, in our June investor presentation, we've provided 2015 full-year guidance of 0% to 5% revenue growth on an FX neutral basis, fully allocated operating margin of 32% for 34%, and free cash flow of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. Based on our first half performance, we are more confident in our full-year outlook. As a result, we are raising the low end of our full-year revenue guidance to 3%, projecting 2015 FX neutral growth between 3% to 5%. Fully allocated operating margin and free cash flow remain in line with our previous guidance. Additionally, we are projecting non-GAAP EPS of $1.72 to $1.77 per share. For the third quarter, we are projecting revenue growth of 3% to 5% as well on an FX neutral basis and non-GAAP EPS of $0.38 to $0.40 per share. I'd like to take a moment to provide some perspective on our approach to capital allocation. While our focus is, first and foremost, on revitalizing our core business, our philosophy is that the capital return and disciplined M&A will be important to shareholder value as well. We will continue to be good stewards of capital and ensure we use a strategic and disciplined approach in all of our activities. Our policy has several key tenets including focusing on long-term value creation while making sure we have the resources to execute our strategy, driving growth while balancing profitability, supplementing organic growth plans with disciplined acquisitions and investments while maximizing the capital deployed in those assets, and managing the capital structure in a way that optimizes our financial flexibility, access to debt, and our cost of capital while offsetting both dilution and reducing share count via opportunistic share repurchases at attractive prices. We believe that by adhering to these principles we will drive the most value for our customers, shareholders and employees. Turning to our balance sheet and the implementation of this policy, we ended Q2 with $8.5 billion in cash, $7.6 billion in debt, and thus approximately $1 billion of net cash. In the second half of the year, we expect to generate strong cash flows leveraging our capital-efficient business model and disciplined approach to capital allocation. This morning we announced that our Board of Directors authorized an additional $1 billion for share repurchase, which when coupled with our existing $2 billion authorization, brings our total capacity to repurchase shares to $3 billion. We continue to be disciplined in how we will assess our assets, selling our equity stake in Craigslist while settling all outstanding litigation with them, and our board authorized sale of eBay Enterprise and we've announced the sale this morning. Finally, we expect the rating agencies to conclude their ratings review process soon providing clarity on eBay credits rating. The rating will be an investment grade profile at the high end of the BBB rate range which we believe is important for our existing creditors and customers. In summary, in the first half of 2015, we continue to stabilize many of our underlying metrics while delivering positive signs of acceleration in GMV and revenue growth. We remain focused on our strategy in executing our key initiatives and we are confident in our full-year outlook. And while the road ahead will not be an easy one, we are incredibly excited about our future opportunities and our ability to win. And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Mark May with Citi Investment Research. You may begin.
Mark May - Citi Investment Research: Thanks and good morning. A question directed to Devin and team on the marketplace. Regarding really marketing, I guess. I recall last year you talked about plans to kind of step up your marketing initiatives. I'm not sure that that scaled as much as you had planned. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about your plans heading into the holiday season this year? How much are you planning to push in terms of marketing? Do you feel like the product is where you'd like it to be to push the pedal down more on the marketing front this year? And what sort of impact are you expecting that to have in the back half of the year relative to your guidance? And then, kind of on a related note, you talked about diversifying your traffic sources and leveraging more of the social media platforms. Can you talk a little bit about how the return on ad spend and sort of the customer dynamics there compare with your more tried-and-true channels like search? Thanks.
Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay: Yeah, thanks for the question, Mark. First on levels of marketing spend; in line with what we normally do on holiday, we will ramp up our holiday spend. It's likely that, depending on the underlying metrics that we see, we may do that a little bit more aggressively this season. But let's keep in mind that we are a very disciplined marketer. We don't throw money against the wall and hope things stick. We measure almost every penny that we spend and we try to get a return on that. It doesn't have to be immediate, but we understand the CLV of user acquisition and we're disciplined about the way we spend. So as you've heard me say before, it's not hard to grow an e-commerce company, it is hard to grow value in an e-commerce company and we're solving the grow value. So we will spend into the holiday, but we won't spend to acquire business or users at any cost, because plenty are doing that, but not plenty are creating value. On diversification of marketing, it is very important to me that we end up in a couple of years with multiple channels that are competing for our incremental investment dollar. I'll remind you that the majority of eBay's traffic comes directly to us either to our apps or to our site, that's the premium of our brand showing up; but not an insignificant minority comes through channels and it's very important that we have more of those channels that are competing for our dollar. And as you heard in my remarks, we're working very closely with the social and the messaging platforms to try to scale our investment to healthily  at positive ROI of acquired new users and new traffic. I'd say it's early. I'm encouraged by what I see. We are optimistic about the future, but it is early. And we are a very large digital marketer, one of the largest on the web; and the total amount that we've been able to spend into positive results on these platforms, it is still very small compared to our more established channels. So it'll take time, but we're on the path. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. I just wanted to ask about One Touch, and maybe, Dan, can you explain the process of rolling it out? I think you said 50% of  you're hoping 50% of One Touch transaction in the U.S. to be  by year-end. What does it entail to get One Touch rolled out? And then, how do we  when is the same timeframe going to be to get it across all international?
Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc.: Yeah. So, Bryan, thanks for the question. So as I mentioned, we think One Touch is one of the most significant products that we've rolled out  functionality we've rolled out in the last five years for the checkout experience. It literally does take out all friction out of the commerce experience, where you can check out with a single touch. And so we're very excited about it. What we're doing with One Touch is, we've been able to seamlessly bring that over from the Braintree platform into our PayPal flows. And so as we bring it into our PayPal flow, a consumer doesn't need to do anything differently except opt in, that's what they have to do for that on each device in which they want to integrate One Touch. So for them it's a seamless type of integration. On the merchant side, the same thing. We're able to do this in a seamless fashion. The merchant doesn't have to upgrade. It automatically happens for the merchant as we take that One Touch capability into that payment  PayPal payment flow. And so we're just going about this in a disciplined fashion, rolling it out. We started this a little over a month ago to 1% of our traffic. We ramped that up to 5% of traffic. Then we started expanding it into other countries. We'll start expanding it throughout the world, but we're just doing it in a very disciplined fashion to make sure there are no issues with it. If we see it going better than we expected, we can accelerate that, but we need to make sure that we take that One Touch experience and in each of the different PayPal flows, and we have a couple of different flows there, that it works as exceptionally as it is right now in helping to increase conversion rates.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And how long will it take to get international, or through international on One Touch?
Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc.: So we're already in the UK, in Canada. We have plans to roll it out to most of our major markets, the beginning of that rollout by the end of this year.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Congrats on the start.
Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Colin Sebastian with Robert W Baird. You may begin.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. Congrats on the quarter and on the pending split up. Dan, first, you talked quite a bit, again, about driving both user growth and frequency of engagements, and I wonder if you could relate that to both PayPal's acquisition strategy and some of the technology upgrades? For example, how you might be prioritizing the resources towards the consumer-facing part of PayPal versus the back end-facing part of the business? And then, secondly, to Devin. Can you expand on the timeframe, generally speaking, when you expect eBay can get back to stabilizing market share and maybe if there is a way to segment the performance of  today of the smaller sellers that are of a unique merchandise that you're focused on versus the areas being deemphasized, which I gather are larger merchants selling in-season products? Thanks.
Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc.: Colin, thanks for the question. First of all, we are very focused on, call it, two major constituencies. We've got merchants on one side, consumers on the other; obviously, developers are third constituency for us, but let's focus on merchants and consumers right now. So the first thing that we needed to do and we have spent a lot of time and I give a tremendous amount of credit to the team at PayPal and the former leadership teams at PayPal in terms of their foresight in the technological upgrades that we've done on our platform. The technology upgrades we've done allow us to innovate, they allow us to deploy changes and innovations in times that we were unheard of even a year or so ago. So we have the ability to constantly do A/B testing on our website, on all of the different programs that we have right now. That was difficult for us several years ago. As a result of that, our acquisition and our acquisition flow on that is improving dramatically as is our retention efforts. We are ramping up our lifecycle management efforts across the world, because we now have real-time data and information that we can use. We know what the various variables are that lead to indication of churn or the indication of a very profitable customer and we're accelerating on all of those. And the technology upgrades we did on the platform is helping us tremendously on that. On the consumer side, we obviously want to be more a part of their financial lives. We want to move from being an occasional use, twice a month, to them using us two times to three times a month. And we think that's obviously a stretch goal through all of our active base, but we already have an example of that in Venmo. Venmo users use the service two times to four times a week. It's a part of how they manage and move their money. And we want to become more of a part of how consumers manage and move their money. The acquisition of Xoom is a good example of that. It takes capabilities that another company has built up, you apply that to the scale that we have in our base, in our global reach. And we think taking those capabilities, combining them with the assets that we have at PayPal gives us a tremendously powerful flywheel for both acquisition and engagement of our consumers, and we're very excited about that combination. And so as we look into the future and we look at the potential of consolidation and acquisitions going forward, as Patrick mentioned, we'll take a very disciplined approach to that. Now that our platform is significantly upgraded, we can do a lot more things organically. And we will take advantage of that and we have a very disciplined product roadmap in place, that's where One Touch came from, that's where our expanded Buyer Protection came from, those were all organic efforts. But if we see a capability or an ability to enter into a market at scale through an acquisition that helps our flywheel both in acquisition and engagement, we'll look at that carefully.
Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay: Colin, to your question on growth, let me just provide a little bit of perspective. We started the year and we described some of the issues that we were working through and we discussed the fact that some of the buyer cohorts that we had lost last year would take some time to reacquire. And because of that, it wasn't as simple as passing a calendar date and lapping it. There were some systematic issues on reacquiring buyers that we were working our way through, we were confident we would do it, but we also explained that it would take time. And in that context, we gave guidance for 2015, which was 0% to 5% revenue growth. As we got a bit further in the first half, we clarified our strategy and communicated that on our investor presentation and through our roadshow, and what we said there was we feel great about our future, but this will be a transformative moment for eBay where we've got a lot of hard work to do, and we're going to make some choices which in and amongst themselves are the right decisions for eBay, but they'll create some short-term growth issues. And in that context, we extended the guidance through 2016. Now with the first half over, what I'd say is things are going pretty well and we feel pretty good about that. And that's given us the ability (01:06:24) but I'd just refer you back to everything we said in the first half. We're doing what we said we would do. We're executing the strategy. We're working through the issues. All of that remains exactly as I said in the first quarter, on the roadshow and through the investor presentation. So I would just say we're feeling good about where we are, we're on the right path, but I'd caution against any assumption that says, well, we've just popped out of this and now growth rates are going back to exactly where they were. There are a lot more factors involved. We feel great about where we are and the path we're on. And like I said, I think we laid down a bunch of markers and what's important to me is, we're doing exactly what we said and we're trickling towards the upper end of that trajectory, and we'll keep updating you as we go. On the small and medium-size business issue, I'd just say the overwhelming majority of what eBay sells comes from small and medium-size businesses, overwhelming majority. A large seller on eBay is a couple of million dollars. And that's the incredible breadth and the fragmentation that is eBay, the 25 million sellers are the incredible spectrum of small sellers and entrepreneurs and even individuals, and in many ways that's our strength. So the segment we're leaning into really is where we have number one market share and where we're the best and where we believe we can win.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carlos Kirjner with Bernstein Research. You may begin.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you. I have one question for Dan and one for Devin. Dan, Marketplaces user growth was 6% and your 2016 guidance of 0% (sic) [3%] (01:08:12) to 5% revenue growth may suggest we could not see material user acceleration. What are PayPal's alternatives to grow users, say, in the teens, in a world where eBay is growing users in the mid single digits? And what gives you confidence that you'll be able to sustain user TPV on revenue growth, based on these alternatives? And Devin, can you clarify whether the 2016 revenue guidance includes any material impacts from the steps you are taking on structured data to improve your SEO position, and from new initiatives such as Promoted Listings? And can you also comment on why eBay should have a passive investment in MercadoLibre going forward? Thank you.
Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc.: Hey, Carlos. This is Dan. Thanks for your question. Very consistently over the last  you look back over time, we've grown our subscribers through the ups and downs of eBay by anywhere between 3 million and 5 million a quarter; that have come in quarter after quarter. And this was no exception. Again, this quarter we grew our actives from 165 million to 169 million. And so as we work closely with eBay and we look at the acquisition that comes off of that, we've obviously expanded our acquisition efforts tremendously off of eBay. We have a tremendous amount of organic traffic that comes to our website that we convert. We have merchants now, 10 million plus merchants across the world that also generate consumer acquisition. And as our value proposition strengthens, as our brand strengthens, as our scale strengthens, there's a network effect that just naturally goes on. And as our lifecycle efforts which are still relatively nascent, I would say in general, expand I think we can improve our ability to both attract customers to PayPal, and importantly, retain and engage them, make them active customers. So I feel very good about that and I think our history proves that point. In terms of TPV growth, again if you look at our TPV results over the last several quarters, you can see very strong and accelerating TPV growth, and that is across the board. Not only is our MS growing 36% this quarter, but very strong growth out of Braintree, very strong growth out of Venmo, very strong growth in credit on the revenue side. So we have a very balanced portfolio across the world and across our product mix we're seeing good strength driving that TPV and revenue.
Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay: Two parts of your question, one was 2016 guidance and one was MELI's stake. On 2016 guidance, I guess I'd refer you back to my last answer. We put 2016 guidance up three weeks ago in the investor presentation and we're not changing that now. I think we'll come back to 2016 guidance as we get closer to the end of the year and obviously as we get closer to 2016. Whether the initiatives were in or not; when we gave the guidance, of course, everything in the business was in it, there was no footnote to that. But as we see the progress of these initiatives, we'll update the guidance when we get closer to 2016. Vis-a-vis MELI, I just  I guess, I wouldn't comment on a specific asset, I'd just comment on our approach to our portfolio, which is everything has to have a reason to exist in the portfolio. Not everything has to have a path to direct ownership or accretion of our results immediately, but, ultimately, we don't hold things for the sake of holding them, and you've seen that through the disposition of Enterprise and of Craigslist. And ultimately, we'll look at everything through that same lens. I think that vis-a-vis that relationship, it's been a strong relationship, they've done a great job. We've learned and grown together, and it's been a very positive and constructive relationship. But again, our portfolio  we understand that every investment we have needs to have a reason. And I think we've put our money where our mouth is with our actions over the last six months.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Devin, I was wondering if you could give us a sense where you are in terms of reactivating users post the data breach. Bob had given some stats along the way and kind of curious how much of an opportunity you still see there being in that reactivation? And then to the extent that you're starting to get some real data behind the reconfigured pages and the impact that that's having on traffic, you mentioned that it's either neutral to positive. Can you tell us how far along in that process you are and how much more there is to go before you feel like you fully re-categorized all the pages that are going to need to be, so that we can get a sense of sort of when we'll start to see the full impact of that?
Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay: Yeah, thanks for the question. On the user growth, as we said and as you've seen, these are sort of long cycle movements, they don't immediately move up and down. They sort of are longer cycle sinewave type movements. And we've been moving down since last year, but I think what was very important in this announcement, in this earnings was the fact that we've seen, for the first time, really since May of 2014, quarter-on-quarter stability in user acquisition. So that doesn't mean we snap right back, but I feel like there is a reasonable chance, that we're at the bottom of that sinewave now and can now start working our way back up. So that to me is an encouraging sign. And just vis-a-vis the opportunity on user growth, I mean, yeah, one of the things I'm proudest of over the last four years is, we added roughly 60 million active accounts, which is a sign of relevance to say the least. So I think the ability to continue to acquire users and drive eBay's relevance across consumers and sellers is absolutely part of what we're talking about in our strategy. On the pages, it's really early. And like I said, this is going to be a long-term effort. I think  we've put pages up that I think are very interesting. They're interesting not just to reacquire SEO traffic, but they're interesting for what they mean for the shopping experience on eBay. This is not about another commodity page to sell another commodity item. This is about sharpening the focus of what is truly uniquely different about our business. And that's a spectrum of choices and value, which can only be done when we understand product families. So I am encouraged by it. But we have 800 million items for sale and this is going to take quite a long time. But the benefits will come as we work them. It's not all or nothing and we'll just keep working our way down and providing updates as we go. Thanks for the question.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. You may begin.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you. I guess I had a question on active account growth for Dan. I was just wondering if you could give us some more details, maybe mix of geography, kind of the complexion of that new subscriber. And then just how long it takes that account to get to like average economics? And then just second question very quickly on  a model question, could we just get a sense of how to think about the share count on a go-forward basis for PayPal as well? Thanks.
Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc.: So, Sanjay, thanks for the question. We don't break out our average account growth by region or channel coming in. What we do see though is strong growth. I mean, if you look at our TPV, very strong growth across the world, our acquisition is relatively similar to that. That's one of the benefits of having a truly global network right now. Half of our revenue comes from outside of North America and that's been the case for quite some time. Our TPV is strong. Our acquisition growth is strong as well. And when a user comes on, typically what we find is, if it's an active user that comes on and again we're doing lifecycle efforts to accelerate all of this, but we typically begin to see that benefit come on within the first year or so.
Patrick Dupuis - Chief Financial Officer, PayPal, Inc.: And, Sanjay, on the share count, the starting point will be determined by the conversion rate next Monday. So we can certainly not speculate at this point. The formula is pretty simple, the ratio of the opening price versus the closing  of PayPal versus the closing price of eBay Inc. Knowing that it's a one-for-one share exchange, that every existing holder of eBay Inc. it's one share of PayPal and one share of eBay.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo. You may begin
Matt R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I've got two questions for Devin and Scott. First, could you talk to the early seller response to the structured data requirement? Are key sellers clear on the new strategy? And then second, do you expect to be more granular on the share repurchase activity targets and other uses of cash post split? And can you clarify what your leverage ratio limits would be at the high end of BBB? Thanks.
Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay: Thanks. I'll take the first and I'll give it to Scott for the second. On the first, I think the response has been very good so far. We've seen almost no change in listings. We're phasing it in, so the requirement was June 29; the way we're implementing it is through category and that's being phased in. But right now, I think, the community has adopted it very well. We've seen no change in listings and no material breakage in GMV. So for whatever it is, three weeks in, it's going exactly as we had planned. And Scott  I'll turn it over to Scott for the capital discussion.
Scott Schenkel - SVP & CFO eBay Marketplaces: Yeah, Matt. A couple of points maybe around the capital structure. First, we've got a terrific business model that has 0% to 5% revenue growth over the next couple years, generates more than a couple billion dollars worth of free cash flow annually. And the tenets of the capital structure policy, if you will, that I've laid out earlier around focusing on the long-term value creation, balancing our growth and profitability, and investing and doing disciplined M&A, and managing our portfolio in a disciplined way while optimizing the financial flexibility and the access to debt and the cost of capital; we will continue to, I think, put down clear demonstrated results around each of those, while we continue to offset dilution and reduce the share count via opportunistic share repurchases. Maybe a couple of points on each of these. The repurchases, we expanded the authorization by $1 billion to $3 billion this morning. With regards to your question specifically around the debt, we're still on the final stages with the bond rating agencies about finalizing their ratings. We believe that will be a strong investment grade rating and that would be a debt-to-EBITDA ratio, somewhere between 2.5 to 3 which would provide us sufficient financial flexibility to take on additional debt if we chose. And over the course of the following months and years, we'll continue to execute and be disciplined around each of those tenets.
Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay: Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our last question is from James Friedman with Susquehanna Financial Group. You may begin.
James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. Thanks for sneaking me in here. I wanted to ask you, Dan, about merchant acceptance than a fairly straightforward question. If a merchant does not accept PayPal today, why would that be the case and how do you expect that to change over time?
Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc.: Well, I think, as you know, we've got over 10 million plus merchants that accept us today and our merchant growth is accelerating nicely quarter-over-quarter as well. That's because we provide an extremely strong proposition to the merchant. We bring, first of all, now almost 170 million users onto the platform. Those are typically more active users than the normal Internet user. They spend more, they are more active; and so we bring a very engaged base to the merchant. It's simple and easy to integrate with us. We've made that a very low touch experience now. We're increasingly doing in context, so that when a consumer purchases on a merchant website they don't need to bounce back to something else, they can do it in context on the merchants website. So our value proposition is improving quite substantially. One Touch is another substantial improvement on that. And it's really a matter of going in and getting the right channels and getting the right touch points to those merchants. We have a channel that goes after large merchants. We're making very good progress on that. We  obviously there were some merchants that there was in inherent conflict when we were a part of eBay. This now opens our opportunity to look at every single merchant out there as a truly independent third-party payments platform on that. We're also beginning to win with some players like Bigcommerce where they're using our platform that really goes into the small market with partnerships and we're looking at more and more of that and making some very good progress on that. So I'm very encouraged by kind of the efforts. In terms of our merchant acquiring business, it's growing substantially, our value proposition is stronger than ever. And if you look at our strategy, the whole idea behind merchant acquiring is how do we become a great partner for merchants, how do we do more and more for them in this increasingly complicated world, how do we become 100% share of checkouts, so they can easily integrate any form of payment that they want to put in there. Whether it's Bitcoin or Android Pay or any of the credit card companies, we can integrate that for them. We can integrate into their loyalty, we can integrate into their rewards, we can integrate into offers. And so we really want to be fully a partner with a completely agnostic platform that allows the merchant to interact with their consumers on a very personal level. And so we're putting in a lot of pieces to that puzzle and feel really good about the initial success we've seen on that.
James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you.
Dan Schulman - President and CEO Designee, PayPal, PayPal, Inc.: You're welcome. Thank you.
Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
Devin Wenig - CEO Designee, eBay: Okay. Thanks very much, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hudson - VP of IR John Donahoe - CEO, President and Director Dan Schulman - CEO Elect of PayPal Devin Wenig - CEO Elect of eBay Robert Swan - CFO and SVP of Finance
Analysts: Carlos Kirjner - Bernstein Eric Sheridan - UBS Gil Luria - Securities Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBay's Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin.
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2015. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, Chief Financial Officer, Dan Schulman, our CEO elect of PayPal and Devin Wenig, our CEO elect of eBay. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons, unless they clarify otherwise. This would also include Dan and Devins statements as well. In addition all segments results are adjusted for the effects of foreign currency exchange. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of eBay's website at investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we'll discuss non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to the planned separation of eBay Inc.'s Marketplaces and PayPal businesses, and our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full year 2015; a future growth in Payments, Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise businesses; the implementation, completion and timing of the planned separation. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report or on our Form 10-K or in future quarterly reports or Form 10-Q available at the investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 22, 2015 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 earnings call. We had a strong first quarter and despite currency headwinds pressuring topline growth, eBay and PayPal rocked to a good start for the full year. I feel very good about the focus and performance of our teams at eBay and PayPal. Each business is executing well with greater focus on operating discipline as we prepare for separation. Joining our call today are eBay CEO Designee Devin Wenig and PayPal CEO Designee, Dan Schulman. Devin and Dan will provide more perspective on Q1 performance for eBay and PayPal respectively, as well as their views on the future opportunities and focus for each business. Bob will then provide full details on the quarter including eBay Enterprise. But let me provide some highlights. In the first quarter, eBay Inc. revenue was up 9% on an FX neutral basis with PayPal contributing 17% growth and eBay Marketplaces up 3%. Non-GAAP EPS was up 10%. For Q1 PayPal enabled $61 billion of volume, topping a 165 million active accounts and eBay drove 20 billion of gross merchandise volume, topping a 157 million active buyers. Before I turn it over to Dan and Devin, let me briefly recap where we are in the separation process. As you know, last September we announced our decision to separate eBay and PayPal into independent publicly traded companies. Separation will enable each business to operate with greater focus and strategic agility and better position to capitalize on the respective growth opportunities. We believe more than ever that separation is the best path for eBay and PayPal and the right approach to delivering sustainable value to shareholders. We are moving forward with clarity and speed. We passed the significant milestone in Q1 with the initial filing of PayPal Form-10 and we filed our first amendment earlier this month with additional information. We expect separation to occur in the third quarter.  The operating agreement between eBay and PayPal is designed to preserve synergies, while giving each business the strategic flexibility to pursue growth opportunities. Highlights of the operating agreement include: First, economics in the form of incentive payments designed to maintain PayPals current penetration rate of approximately 80%. Second, data sharing that enables each company to provide great customer service and maintain world-class risk, trust and fraud prevention programs. Third, product development and service agreements that ensure PayPal devotes resources to developing new payments products and services for eBay, preserving a high level of service quality.  And fourth, non-compete agreements that encourage eBay and PayPal to continue their strong partnership. The operating agreement is deigned to setup eBay and PayPal to succeed as independent companies. Meanwhile, Dan and Devin are building out their leadership teams and driving sharper strategic focus on the opportunities ahead. You will hear more from them in a moment.  In Q1 we announced two new Board members, Tony Bates and Gail McGovern. This is in addition to our previous announcements of new Board members, Bonnie Hammer, Frank Yeary, Perry Traquina and Jonathan Christodoro. We feel very good about our ability to create two world-class Boards for eBay and PayPal at separation.  In summary, we remain deeply committed to doing what's best for eBay ad PayPal and to delivering sustainable value for shareholders. Looking ahead, we are clear in what we need to do to deliver on our 2015 plans and ensure a smooth separation process. We'll continue to do what's best for our business, for our customers and for our shareholders.  Now I will turn it over to Dan Schulman who will provide more details on PayPal.
Dan Schulman: Thank you, John and thanks everyone for being on the call today. PayPal is off to a solid start for the year and I like our current trajectory and progress. We grew our revenues 17% on a FX neutral basis and our Merchant Services TPV continue to decline in the first quarter, growing 33% year-over-year, more than double the pace of the e-commerce market, indicating we gain meaningful share. Our growth and the new capabilities we are building position us well as we look towards the future. There are four key metrics that I believe measure the growth and health of our business. They are, one, our topline growth. Two, the growth of our account base, which demonstrates our scale. Three, the engagement of that base as measured by revenue per active account and four, free cash flow. These metrics are my top priorities as they measure the progress of our strategic initiatives, which are to grow ubiquity, increase engagement of both merchants and consumers and produce a strong return for investors. We drove progress in all of these areas in the first quarter.  First, the topline. The 17% revenue growth we delivered is a strong foundation to build on as we move into 2015. Second, we continue our steady growth in customer accounts, increasing total active accounts by 3.6 million to 165 million customers across the globe. We expect strong growth to continue in 2015 as we further penetrate the merchant population and build out our products and services to grow more and more relevant to consumers. Third, our customer engagement also steadily increased with transactions per account growing to 23 in Q1 from 21 in the first quarter a year ago. This -- we processed as well more than 1 billion transactions in the first quarter. This represents an increase of 24% year-over-year and importantly, our monetization per account accelerated sequentially to $49. We also continue to see an increase in mobile payments transactions, now reaching nearly 30% of our overall transactions with mobile payments transactions growing over 40% year-over-year. Our Merchant Services business now represents 76% of total volume, growing at 33% and we increased our penetration on eBay by 260 basis points year-over-year. We continue to improve our penetration of the top online merchants reaching 74% of the IR100 merchants in the U.S. Braintree maintained its strong triple-digit growth in the first quarter and signed some great new accounts including Lyft, SHAG [ph] and One Kings Lane. The fourth key metric for PayPal is free cash flow. We took significant cost actions in Q1 to streamline our operations and free up capacity. As a result, we expect segment margins to be up one to two points on a year-over-year basis for the full year of 2015 as we discussed in January. We do expect to reinvest additional margin leverage to continue to expand our business in order to generate significant long-term returns for shareholders. At the same time, we are committed to growing free cash flow. For the year, we expect free cash flow to be between $1.7 million and $1.9 billion including one-time costs associated with separation. We are currently in one of the most exciting periods in the history of financial services. Today PayPal operates in two fast-growing parts of the digital payments industry, online and mobile. But the online and offline payments world are digitizing and converging through mobile experiences. As a result, I believe our addressable market is not just 2.5 trillion associated with online and mobile, but more like the 25 trillion associated with commerce, both online and offline. PayPal has a powerful set of assets and we are well positioned to take advantage of the changes sweeping through our industry. To capitalize on this opportunity we're in the midst of a massive transformation, completely rebuilding our technology platform, enabling greater scale, faster production cycles and closer collaboration between teams so we can continuously deliver better products to our customers. PayPal now has one of the largest hybrid clouds in the world and we have transformed our core business capabilities into robust service-based platforms. PayPal's newly modernized technology platform is becoming a strategic asset. In revamping our technology and processes, we're dramatically reducing our product development cycles allowing us to deploy software releases in weeks versus months. We're also accelerating through strategic acquisitions. In March we announced the acquisition of CyActive, which will play a key role within our security center of excellence. This transaction closed on April 9th. We also announced the acquisition of Paydiant which closed on the 1st of April. Using Paydiant's platform, our merchant partners can create their own branded digital wallets to accelerate mobile in-store payments and drive consumer engagement. Everything we've done in the first six months of my tenure is positioning PayPal to take advantage of what I see as one of the greatest opportunities for growth that the payments industry has ever seen. We have a lot to execute on, but we now have the right organizational structure, leadership team and operational to get it done. I'm excited about where we are, what we are building and about PayPal's strong position and potential in this dynamic market. Thanks a lot, and I'll now turn it over to Devin to discuss eBay's results.
Devin Wenig: Thanks, Dan. It's great to have the chance today to share my thoughts about eBay's Q1 performance and our plans for the future. Let's start with the quarter. EBay had a good quarter one showing signs of stabilization. Let me share some key metrics. GMV and three month trailing active buyers each grew 5% consistent with the prior quarter. Overall traffic including mobile grew at steady rates as well. International GMV on an FX neutral basis grew 7%, a one point acceleration in Q4 and sold item growth was 9%, also a one point acceleration. In addition StubHub and eBay classifieds both performed well. After the challenges faced in 2014 and following two sequential quarters of declining growth, our quarter one results are encouraging. I'm pleased with how our team is executing and delivering. We are certainly not ready to declare a victory over last year's SCO and password reset challenges, but we're making progress. SCO generated traffic is still impacting growth while this channel is beginning to stabilize, effectively managing SCO traffic is a constantly evolving process. We're working to stay out front of it. Also following the password reset, we're making ongoing investments to ensure we have a stable, secure platform for our users. We're focused on increasing user engagement and confidence over time. Steady progress, but we are just getting started. We have more work to do to ensure we deliver consistent sustainable performance and accelerate growth. Let me step back now and provide broader context. I'll focus the rest of my remarks on our path forward and the tremendous opportunities we see ahead. EBay turns 20 this year, in our industry and in Silicon Valley that's an extraordinary milestone. EBay helped define the beginning of ecommerce and we intend to continue being a leader in its future. Over the past two decades, eBay has created tremendous assets and deep global commerce expertise. We are launching the next chapter with a passionate community of 25 million sellers. They offer incredible diverse selection and value through 800 million listings and we have a global base of more than 157 million active buyers who generate nearly 83 billion of GMV annually. I believe as we begin creating next 20 years of global that's a great place to start. We intend to lead by focusing on three strategic pillars. First, building a more robust commerce platform; second, engaging the core, buyer and seller segments, who create a vibrant marketplace and fuel our commerce fly wheel; and third, creating exceptional product and brand experiences. A robust commerce platform of vibrant marketplace, exceptional customer experiences, that's our formula for success. Let me touch on each area. First, managing a robust commerce platform is essential to creating sustainable performance. We're focused on building a stronger, more resilient foundation. We'll move towards becoming the world's first online global marketplace to use structured, cataloged data at scale for all listings. We believe that doing so will help us deliver an exceptional, unmatched experience for both buyers and sellers. At the same time, we will diversify our sources of traffic and customer acquisition, leveraging promising early trends on social and messaging platforms. EBay will have multiple robust channels competing for our marginal investment dollar. This requires a transformation in our tech and our marketing which is already underway. The result a more competitive eBay with more control over our experience and ultimately, our performance. Creating a vibrant marketplace is our second pillar. EBay is at its best when we bring diverse inventory at great value to customers who love to shop. Our core buyer and seller segments may eBay the world's most vibrant marketplace to find, discover and buy practically anything. EBay's consumers love to shop. They hunt for value at different price points. They demand broad selection and they enjoy discovering unique things that express their personality. For these consumers who represent a broad addressable and growing market, we intend to make eBay the global destination for great value and selection insuring a trusted marketplace is foundational and we'll continue making investments in this area. We also will run our business more by category. We will sharpen how we merchandise our sellers' inventory, presenting eBay's unique range of choice and value in new and innovative ways. On the sellers' side, eBay's sweet spot is small and medium sized merchants and brands. They represent 70% of the global retail market, offering the diverse inventory and value our consumers are looking for. As a partner and not a competitor to SMVs, we intend to make eBay the global platform for them to grow and to thrive. We will offer improved seller tools, unmatched access to data and more balanced and predictable policies and standards. Consumer selling is another key eBay strength and we intend to revitalize this segment of our market. An estimated $100 billion of value is trapped in people's closets and garages and that's just in the U.S. This is an enormous opportunity with simplified listing flows, predictive pricing data and higher touch intermediation for those that require it, we intend to make eBay the platform for consumers to buy and sell anything, anytime, anywhere. And finally, our third pillar, creating exceptional products and brand experiences. EBay is a powerful global brand and we'll strengthen that brand by delivering exceptional, engaging product experiences. Some of our recent launches such as our iPad app and our launch of live auctions are great examples of what we can do and we will do going forward. We will continue to substantially upgrade the buying and selling experience on eBay with much more to come this year. In summary, Q1 was a good start and I'm confident in our full year outlook including generating $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion of free cash flow. Going forward, we intend to play our game, no one else's, and focus where eBay can win. Global commerce trends such as the impact of mobile on consumer behavior and the influence of digital on retail favor many of our core strengths. We'll take advantage of this. We've assembled a world class management team with deep technology, retail, data and customer service expertise. And as we take eBay forward, we will operate with clarity and with discipline. We will pursue thoughtful capital allocation strategies that deliver compelling shareholder value while maximizing our strategic flexibility. It is an incredible privilege to be eBay's next CEO, building on our extraordinary heritage and leading this iconic brand forward. My team and I are excited to be creating eBay's next chapter and I look forward to sharing more with you in the months ahead. And with that, I will turn it over to Bob.
Robert Swan: Thanks, Devin. During my discussion I'll reference our earning slide presentation that companies the webcast. Q1 was a great start to the year. We delivered $4.4 billion of total revenue and $0.77 of non-GAAP EPS. We generated $829 million in free cash flow and repurchased 1 billion of our stock. We're making excellent progress on our plans to separate PayPal from eBay and we currently anticipate a third quarter close. In Q1, we generated net revenues of $4.4 billion, up 4% with strength across the Board. Organic revenue growth was 9% in the quarter and currency negatively impacted growth by approximately five points. We delivered revenue at the high end of the guidance range despite the impact of the stronger dollar which negatively impacted Q1 revenue by approximately $30 million since the guidance we provided in January. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.77, up 10%. EPS growth was driven by a strong FX-neural revenue growth, good operating leverage across the company and a lower share count. Operating expenses were 41% of revenue in the quarter, down 120 basis points, driven primarily by the benefits from the steps both Dan and Devin took to streamline their respective businesses, partially offset by provision for transaction loan losses and increased regulatory cost for PayPal. We generated free cash flow of $829 million in the quarter and CapEx was 7% of revenue. From a balance sheet perspective, we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $14.1 billion, including approximately $4.1 billion in the U.S. EBay ended the quarter with $11.7 billion and PayPal with $2.4 billion in cash. We are taking steps to continue to strengthen our balance sheet to provide both businesses with the financial flexibility to pursue their strategic and capital priorities. First, we continue to find an increasing portion of our loan portfolio balance with offshore cash, currently at 78% of total. Second, as part of internal structuring, we plan to move approximately $3.5 billion of cash to PayPal in a tax efficient manner prior to separation. And third, we announced the sale of an 85% participation interest in a pool of U.S. PayPal credit receivables which will free-up approximately $700 million of incremental capacity in the U.S. to fund PayPal's growth. As a technology enabled lender, credit is an important driver of our business, but does not need to be funded by our balance sheet. As a result of this transaction, 2015 operating income will be negatively impacted by approximately $20 million. eBay Inc. has an excellent balance sheet. As a result of these actions, both eBay and PayPal will be well capitalized at separation. Now, let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had a strong quarter; revenue in Q1 was $2.1 billion, up 17% on an FX neutral basis, driven by strong Merchant Services growth and rising engagement per user, which reflects the growing popularity and relevance of the PayPal value proposition throughout the world. A few quick highlights on PayPal operating metrics. TPV on an FX neutral basis grew 25%. Merchant Services FX neutral TPV increased 33%. Transaction margin was down 80 basis points, driven by the rapid growth in Braintree volume and continued penetration of large merchants. Segment margins declined 40 basis points, less than the drop in transaction margin. PayPal generated strong leverage from Dan steps to streamline the business while still investing in Braintree, the PayPal brand and credit. Now let's turn to the marketplaces business. As Devin indicated, marketplaces showed signed of stabilization in Q1; trailing three months active buyer growth and FX neutral GMV were both 5% flat with Q4 results. Marketplaces delivered $2.1 billion in revenue, up 3% on an FX neutral basis. FX neutral transaction revenue grew 3%, while Marketing Services revenue grew 5%, held by strong growth of our global classifieds business. A few quick highlights on marketplaces operating metrics. 12 months active buyer growth was up 8% and sold items growth increased to 9%. Total GMV grew 5%, with U.S. GMV up 2% and international GMV up 7% on an FX neutral basis. We saw an acceleration of U.S. GMV, which is a measure of consumer buying which accelerated by one point versus the fourth quarter. However, this acceleration was offset by a decline in cross-border trade due to the stronger dollar. Segment margin was down 50 basis points from last year. Devin took stretches steps to streamline his organization in the first quarter and is reinvesting in the three priorities he highlighted, a robust commerce platform, a vibrant marketplace, and exceptional customer experiences. Now let's turn to eBay Enterprise. eBay Enterprise generated $1 billion in gross merchandise sales for its clients. GMS grew 8% and same-store sales grew 10%. Revenue was $288 million, up 7%. We continued to expand the Enterprise relationships and are pleased to announce that Enterprise is now the number one ecommerce platform as measured by the 2015 Internet Retailer Top 500 Guide. Segment margin for Enterprise came in at 4.8% relatively flat from last year. We continue to explore strategic alternatives for eBay Enterprise including a full or partial sale or IPO and we'll update you as appropriate. Now let me turn to guidance. We're off to a great start for the year. We are maintaining our full year guidance for FX neutral revenue growth and non-GAAP EPS. However, the first quarter momentum will be offset by the impact of a strengthening U.S. dollar which will cost us approximately $250 million in revenue and $0.05 in non-GAAP EPS versus the full year guidance we provided in January. We're projecting 2015 revenues of $18.35 billion to $18.85 billion, representing growth of 3% to 5%. And we're projecting 2015 non-GAAP EPS of $3.05 to $3.15, up 3% to 7%. And we continue to expect to generate approximately $4 billion in free cash flow for the year with CapEx of 8% to 10% of revenue. CapEx in 2015 will be higher due to one-time costs associated with separating the businesses. Let me provide a little more context on how the U.S. -- the stronger U.S. dollar will impact our full-year results. As you know, we have a very global business with 52% of our revenue and even a greater portion of our net income coming from outside the U.S. Additionally, the U.S. dollar has strengthened versus the euro, pound and Australian dollar by 7%, 1%, and 5% respectively versus when we guided in January. This is driving the impact on our guidance for the year. The marketplace business will bear the brunt of the impact from a stronger dollar with greater than two-thirds of the $250 million or $175 million impacting marketplaces revenue. Going forward, our earnings for the full year are reasonably well hedged, but marketplaces revenue will continue to be exposed if the dollar continues to strengthen. With that full year context, here's a closer look by business unit. The short story, on an FX neutral basis there is no change to the guidance we gave you in January. However, we wanted to provide you with additional details that would allow you to start to model the independent companies. First, a quick housekeeping item. Historically, we have provided segment margins by business unit. As we look to stand up to independent companies, we will transition to providing fully allocated operating margins which include corporate costs, dissynergies associated with the separation and the value transfer associated with the operating agreements. Earlier John discussed the details of the operating agreements. We anticipate the financial implications to be an estimated value transfer of approximately $25 million to $50 million on an annualized basis from PayPal to eBay. So, what does that mean for full year guidance by business unit? For PayPal we continue to expect 15% to 18% revenue growth on an FX neutral basis. We expect that reported revenue at spot rates will be negatively impacted by approximately three points from the stronger U.S. dollar net of hedges. We expect a 19% to 21% fully allocated non-GAAP operating margin, flat to up one point from 2014, which includes four to five points impact from cost to stand up PayPal as an independent company. And as Dan mentioned, we expect free cash flow of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. For eBay, we continue to expect FX neutral revenue growth between zero and 5%. We expect that reported revenue at spot rates will be negatively impacted by approximately eight points from the stronger U.S. dollar. We expect fully allocated non-GAAP operating margin of 32% to 34%, flat with 2014 and this also includes four to five point impact from stand up costs. And as Devin mentioned, we expect free cash flow of $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. In summary, we're off to a great start to the year. We have streamlined the organization and had better execution with strength across all three businesses. The full year FX neutral revenue outlook is on track but our strong Q1 momentum will be offset by the negative impact of a stronger dollar. We're making excellent progress on our plans to stand up to independent companies and we expect to conclude the separation in the third quarter. And now we would be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Carlos Kirjner of Bernstein. Your line is now open. Your line is now open.
Carlos Kirjner: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I have two questions. First, can you ask some caller to what specifically we need to do to rebuild your SCO and if it's category-by-category exercise, for example, dependent on the structured catalog, have you made significant progress in some categories that give you confidence that these will work? Second, on PayPal, you said PayPal has a lot of opportunity and is still relatively small user base and its addressable market. In an environment of similarly increasing competition, why is right term for the business to focus on growing free cash flow instead of reinvesting more aggressively in product and user growth? Or in other words why do you think that maintaining 25% margin versus investing in new products and customer acquisition to accelerate user topline growth is now the right answer? Thank you.
John Donahoe: So why don't -- Devin, why don't you take the first part, Dan, you take the second question.
Devin Wenig: So, let me take the SCO and structured data question. Maybe I'll go back in history just a second. We grew up as a marketplace and eBay looks at the world historically through listings rather than products. Listings have gave eBay a tremendous selection advantage, its why we have the most things for sale of any marketplace in the world, but listings are also transient, they come and go. They dont have link equity and they are hard to attach content to. So if you go back over eBays history there is been a pattern of SEO disruptions across various search engines. We now believe that the state of our business and our technology is that we can maintain the advantage given to us by our marketplace business model, but include a structured data catalog which gives us persistence and link equity and makes our sellers inventory more discoverable both on and off eBay. The way we are approaching that is, it is a deep transformation. Its a multi-year process. We are approaching it by category, but horizontally, but also focusing on the vertical areas where we believe we can have the most impact early on. I would say we are off to a good start, but its an early start, and it will take -- it is a multi-year transformation. But we do know where we structured and cataloged our inventory. Those items are more discoverable on eBay and they are more persistent and generate more traffic through search engines and other digital channels. So we feel good about the approach, but it is not a short-term fix.
John Donahoe: Thanks Devin. Dan?
Dan Schulman: Yeah, thanks for the question Carlos, appreciated. So you are right. It is a very exciting opportunity in front of us with a addressable market that is expanding dramatically for us. Cash is digitalizing, the world of money is digitizing. The way consumers manage and move their money is transforming technology platforms and fundamentally redefine that and merchants are moving towards digital commerce where they can use mobile to get ever closer to their customer, drive engagement, drive incremental sales. And I think that PayPal is very well positioned to take advantage of those opportunities. There are number of assets that we bring to that site from our brand to our scale, to our platform, to our service and I can talk about that in more detail later.  So what we have said is that we will grow our segment margins this year by 1% to 2%. We feel very comfortable with that. We feel very comfortable that with the operating leverage that we have in this business, in the cost action that I took earlier this year, reducing headcount to really focus our costs, as well as increased economies of scale as we grow larger, are going to allow us to grow free cash flow in a disciplined fashion and yet have the investment dollars to invest in the opportunities that we see ahead. As opportunities can be increased investments in our platform to speed up our ability to deliver capabilities, enhance capabilities, which you will see us rolling out even this quarter, going forward new markets that we move into. And so we feel as we look at our model, that we have the operating level to maintain consistent margins and invest to take advantage of the opportunities that we see in front of us and I feel comfortable with that as investment dollars. Id also points out one other thing that Bod mentioned. He said PayPal is going to be extremely well funded on its balance sheet as we go forward with perhaps some approximately $6 billion of funding of cash on our balance sheet, enabling us to look at not just organic growth but inorganic growth as well.  And so when I look at all those things together, I feel very comfortable with the guidance that we've given and the investment opportunities we see. 
Carlos Kirjner: Thank you. 
Dan Schulman: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan of UBS. Your line is now open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Just one. You made quick mention of it. But it too want to deal with the deeper in the rationale for the PayPal Paydiant transaction. When we think that delivers long-term in terms of merchant relationships? What some of the ancillary benefits might be lower term in terms of credit and how far that asset might expand the PayPal footprint today in terms of playing a role in somebodys lives? Thanks so much.
Tom Hudson: Dan?
Dan Schulman: Yeah. Eric thanks for the question. We are very excited about the Paydiant acquisition. Paydiant is not necessarily a name that lot of people recognize from a brand perspective, but very leading merchant in the country sure do recognize it. But it is a mobile base platform that provides merchants who want to write their own applications to engage and connect with their customers, to use that underlying platform to power those applications, whether that be through rewards, through payment processing or through QR codes at the point of sale. When you combine the Paydiant platform with our platform at PayPal you have probably in my estimation the worlds leading mobile payments platform and as I mentioned as the online and the offline world continue to coverage together, driven by the confluence of mobile at the heart of that. The Paydiant acquisition enables us to move much more aggressively into that converged space, so into that offline space. It also provides on the consumer side the ability to utilize things like private label cards, rewards. So its kind of a host of capabilities that supplement what we had on the PayPal platform. So for both merchants and for consumers it was an acquisition that enabled us to more aggressively and more quickly address that expandable market.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much. 
Dan Schulman: Yeah, you bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gil Luria of Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open.
Gil Luria: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about -- Dan, I wanted to ask you about the progress in terms of your technology and in the important mobile technology that are being deployed right now, so in the card present context Venmo, One Touch and deploying that or the Venmo inspired One Touch in deploying that more retailers and via fingerprint reader. When do those technologies become mature enough and integrate enough in your products that you will be able deploy them? And then off the line when you will feel comfortable enough with NFC penetration on phones and in terminals in order to deploy that? And then to Devin, maybe I missed it. But impact do you expect from the most Google algorithm changes to mobile. Isnt that a big advantage for you in terms of prioritizing mobile-ready websites? Yours has been ahead of the pack for the long time?
Dan Schulman: So maybe I can start and turn it over to you Devin. So thanks for your question Gil, its insightful. So the first thing that I'm just going to take one step backwards and tell you as you probably have seen is we've kind of reorganized PayPal around merchants and consumers. And when we did that we put Bill Ready in charge of the merchant segment.  Bill as you know was the CEO of Braintree and what we really did by putting that together is really combine the Braintree platform and the PayPal platforms much more closely together so that we are able to being able things like One Touch not just on full stack integrations and on mobile, but into the PayPal base. We think that the world is moving increasingly towards mobile payments that we have with the combination now of Paydiant, Braintree and the PayPal platforms, the leading mobile payments platform in the world. We did over a 1 billion mobile payments transactions last year. You heard that this quarter you were up 40% year-over-year. We are taking things like One Touch and we want to put it right into our merchant onboarding process that we have for PayPal. And so we are taking the things that we've learned through both Venmo and Braintree, putting them together with some of our other acquisitions to provide to our PayPal embedded base, not only the services that you see now, but services that we will introduce even as of this quarter that will take us to a whole different level as a result of that integration together. Thats question number one that you asked and I feel really about that and excited about it. Number two was on NFC and I do I feel like NFC is embedded enough to go after, we are obviously doing trials around NFC ourselves at this point. But I think the real key and the thing I believe in is that any great open technology payments platform has to have its heart, this idea being technology agnostic at the point of sale. Even though NFC is beginning to gain some momentum, its still probably 2% to 5% of the point of sales terminals out there in the marketplace, maybe more on a transactional basis. But its a small part. And I have seen many a times where we think one technological standard is going to emerge and its eclipsed by something else.  And so what I would like the PayPal platform to be and what we are building towards and have a lot of capabilities already, is the ability to be able to utilize your mobile phone, but not just via NFC, but QR codes, Bluetooth, HCE, really depends on what the merchant has upgraded towards. I think if you bet on a single technology, its a risky proposition and it takes a lot longer to move into the marketplace. The second thing is I'm a big believer that you dont want to just enable a form factor change. We dont want to just substitute a card swipe for a phone tap; you really want to think about what is the value proposition change that you are going to do. How can you with that phone tap enable a merchant to get ever closer to their consumers through rewards loyalty, couponing offering and associate that with the payment choice of type a consumer wants to pay with, whether it be a debit card or credit card, private label, Bill Me Later, whatever it may be, that's what we want to provide. And so you are seeing us look at our platform and our goals are to be the worlds largest open digital payments platform. And to do that we have to build with those tenants in line. 
Devin Wenig: And Gil to your question about a sea of algo changes, we find out along with everybody else. We've heard what everyone has heard which is that recent changes will favor mobile optimized sites. All I would say and its a recent change, so its too soon to know fully what will happen. But I would say that we've been a leader in mobile commerce for multiple years. We've been working on optimizing our sites, our apps and our mobile properties for years. And a huge percentage of our business now, close to 40%, is mobile. That's $8 billion this quarter. So you would hope that any change that favors mobile optimized properties would ultimately help us. 
Gil Luria: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from line of Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks. Bob or Devin, can you give us a sense of what contra revenue was from our Marketplaces this quarter. And how a level of that now compares with the levels since you started using those promotions more aggressively following the breach in algorithm changes? And then one just quick one from Dan. Dan I know you touched on offline a bit here. But I'm wondering if you could just give us a sense of how important offline is for your vision of PayPal? Sort of where it ranks in the opportunities and how you see the strategy in front of PayPal differing from the one that the company has been pursuing offline for the last couple of years?
Robert Swan: So -- hey, Heath how are you? First contra revenue, there is no dramatic change in terms of how we use contra by year-on-year. We have -- as you see we have a two point gap between GMV and revenue and underneath that no dramatic changes in our take right over time. So contra revenue continues to be a source of driving traffic and engagement from our users. But not dramatic change in terms of the magnitude year-on-year.
Devin Wenig: Maybe I will just add quickly, Health, philosophically we are very rigorous about how we deploy contra revenue and when we do. It is not part to grow any e-commerce if you use your balance sheet. It is hard to create value. And we are very tough on ourselves about when we deploy contra revenue, when we deploy deals, when we spend to acquire customers. It has to be because there is a customer lifetime value that makes sense that will get that second or that third sale that is not subsidized.  So contra is a lever it will continue to be a lever. But we are not spending simply to drive growth. We are spending to drive value and acquire in a healthy manner new customers.
Heath Terry: Got it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth
Devin Wenig: Operator we have the second half of the.
Dan Schulman: Yeah, sorry, Heath, we werent going, we got jumped there.
Heath Terry: No problem.
Dan Schulman: So in terms of your question, I think first of all, if I say we are operating in an incredibly healthy, growing dynamic market in itself. Online is still exploding. Its -- what is it 10% to 12% of overall commerce right now, growing at double-digit percentages. We've got165 million consumers but they are huge swaths of the market where we are not even present right now. And you can be sure that we are looking at that, because I think there is tremendous opportunity for us to take advantage of this online growth that's going on all over the world right now. At the same time interestingly you see retailers and merchants starting to think about how can they use mobile to dramatically change the way that they interact with their customers. And I call that really sort of digital commerce, how can retailers more personalize the experience per customer when they walk into their store, and mobile can enable that. But its difficult to do that. The merchant can certainly write the right application to talk with their customers, to engage with their customers. But underneath that they need a platform to power that. Whether it be to power their loyalty and rewards programs, to power any payment type that comes and we've talked about recently this vision of us becoming much more of a partner or retailers and becoming sort of what we call the operating system for digital commerce, to be able to enable them to move into this digital commerce world. The advent of Paydiant, Braintree and PayPal call coming together is a real head start for us moving into that. And its not so much that we want to move into the offline world, its that the offline and online worlds are moving that way naturally and they are moving that way through mobile. And that plays right into a strength that we have right now.  And I think that's one element and then on the consumer side, consumers are going to look to manage and move their money in different ways than they ever have before. Our transactions per active account are going up. The amount that people are spending with us are going up. We have a nice engaged base. But I believe that we can do so much more on that as we become a part of how consumers manage and move their money. We can move from being much more transactional and much more relational with them and that is our aspiration and vision on that. So I think a lot of opportunities in numerous places here.
Heath Terry: Thanks.
Tom Hudson: Operator, I think we have time for one last question. 
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth of JP Morgan. Your line is now open. Again, Douglas Anmuth, your line is now open.
Tom Hudson: Doug if you are there, you are on mute. So
Operator: If your line is on mute, please unmute.
Tom Hudson: All right, we will go to the next. We will just go the next. Operator lets go to the question and list it last question. 
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani of KBW. Your line is now open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. I guess I have questions for Dan on PayPal. First, just as far as PayPal credit is concerned, has going forward is the expectation that you guys are going to use the capital markets or use your balance sheet to fund those loans? And I guess secondly on the regulatory side, two questions, one is, all the stuff that's happening in Europe, how does that really affect the PayPal business model? And secondly, could you just give us an update on the CFPB CID [ph]? Thanks. 
John Donahoe: That last question was three questions. Okay. So, on PayPal credit, Sanjay, we're a technology-enabled lender and we do that because it makes sense for the partnership that we're enabling with merchants, it provides them additional value, they get to close more sales as a result of that. If we extend PayPal working capital to them, it obviously enables them to expand their business. When we do that, we see our customer satisfaction scores jump dramatically as a result of that. We see more volume come through those merchants, we see much lower churn with that and so for merchants who avail themselves of that, it's a tremendous benefit and for consumers they get to complete a transaction that they might not have otherwise completed. For us, it takes a cost and converts it into a revenue and so it's a win all the way around for that entire ecosystem. So, we think providing credit makes sense in terms of what we are trying to do from a platform perspective. But just because we do that, as Bob articulated in his remarks, doesn't mean that we need to fund that through our own balance sheet. And so we think that providing the service is the right thing, but having the flexibility to opt whether we want to do that through our balance sheet or not, there are multiple ways that we can look at that. What we just did is one example of funding that loan portfolio with other people's money and that having the return of $700 million of cash to us on our domestic balance sheet, which obviously opens us up to being able to do other things with that. So, that's question number one. Question number two, on the EU stuff, look, there are regulatory changes that go on throughout the world. The European ones are ones that are on everybody's minds right now. Some of those regulatory impacts affect our cost structure, some of those can affect pricing on certain -- some of them can affect how you do business in certain ways. And so we look at each and every one of those changes on a market-by-market basis and react accordingly to those. The one thing we definitely don't do is react publicly to those. We think about them and then we decide what the right way to react is on that. But this is nothing new as you well know, Sanjay, as you're an expert in all of this, there are changes going on all the time, all over the world and one of the assets I think PayPal brings to this world is we're 100% focused on digital payments and one of the core competences we have is our regulatory and compliance oversight and so we're on top of all of these things all the time. In terms of the CFPB, we work with regulators all over the world and I will say this and this is probably the most important thing, is that there's no difference between what a regulator wants and what PayPal wants. We pride ourselves on being a customer champion and regulators only want what's best for consumers and customers in general and so we're very aligned philosophically on what we both want to provide. As CFPB comes in and looks at the ways that we've done business, they may have suggestions on how we can do that better and we certainly work with them to try and provide the best alternative to our consumers to make sure that we're as clear as possible in our communications and fully compliant with all regulations. And we, as in every single quarter take a look at what exposures might be, we reserve for them appropriately and that's a thing that we do every single quarter. So, hopefully that helps to answer all of your questions.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. Appreciate it.
John Donahoe: Yes.
John Donahoe: Great. Thanks very much, everyone. And we'll see you next quarter.
Robert Swan: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude our program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hudson -  John J. Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul A. Vogel - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kenneth Sena - Evercore ISI, Research Division Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John R. Blackledge - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBay's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2014. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons, unless they clarify otherwise, and all segments results are adjusted for the effects of foreign currency exchange. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and the call are available through the IR section of eBay's website at investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements related to the planned separation of eBay Inc.'s Marketplaces and PayPal businesses, and our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2015; the future growth in Payments, Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise businesses; and the completion and timing of the planned separation and the company's exploration of strategic alternatives for the Enterprise business. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report or on our Form 10-K or in future quarterly reports or Form 10-Q available at the investor.ebayinc.com site. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 21, 2014 (sic) [January 21, 2015], and we do not intend nor undertake no duty to update information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q4 earnings call. In a year marked by unexpected events and distractions, our double-digit revenue growth, solid earnings growth and strong cash flow reflect the fundamental strength of our company. We have some challenges, but overall, our focus and operating discipline delivered solid company performance in a year that, quite frankly, we're glad to see come to an end. Before I talk more about Q4, let me take a moment to provide some context as we head into 2015, an important year of transition for our company. With the planned separation of eBay and PayPal in 2015, we are moving forward with clarity and speed. We're taking aggressive, decisive actions to address both the opportunities we see and the challenges we face. At the same time, we're creating sharper strategic focus at eBay and PayPal, and we're implementing more competitive cost structures in each business. All of these actions are designed to set up eBay and PayPal to succeed. We remain deeply committed to doing what's best for eBay and PayPal and to delivering sustainable value for shareholders. And we believe more strongly than ever that separation is the right path for our company. Now let's take a look at the results for the quarter. We enabled $72 billion of commerce volume in the fourth quarter, up 21%. Mobile continues to be a major contributor. For Q4, mobile commerce volume was $17 billion, up 59%. And note, mobile now represents 23% of enabled commerce volume. Overall, revenue was up 9% in Q4 and non-GAAP EPS was up 10%. eBay and PayPal both generated double-digit customer growth, with PayPal reaching nearly 162 million active registered accounts and eBay exceeding 155 million active buyers. At PayPal, Dan Schulman joined in Q4 as President and CEO Designee, and we're excited to have him on our leadership team. Dan is quickly immersing himself in all aspects of PayPal's business and providing strong, focused leadership on 2015 priorities and on positioning PayPal for continued competitive success. PayPal had another strong quarter, finishing a very strong year. Merchant Services TPV grew 36% on an FX-neutral basis in Q4 and revenue was up 18% on an FX-neutral basis. Throughout the holiday season, PayPal drove strong consumer engagement, adding nearly 5 million active accounts and processing record payments volume. PayPal continues to deliver great product experiences that offer choice and flexibility for consumers and help merchants grow their business. For example, PayPal's One Touch has continued its international expansion effort. And for both consumers and merchants, PayPal extended its credit offerings, including adding installment payment options, and PayPal Working Capital launched in Australia and the U.K., offering merchants more convenient ways to invest in and grow their businesses. In a rapidly changing global payments environment, we believe that PayPal is positioned to leverage its global footprint, digital payments leadership and unique competitive strengths. Turning to eBay Marketplaces. Q4 was disappointing. Significant events in 2014 have disrupted our ecosystem and overwhelmed the progress we were making on a number of fronts, impacting our performance. We have experienced these ecosystem disruptions before, and they simply take time to work through and correct. Here's what's happened and here's what we're doing about it. First, the password reset and SEO changes significantly impacted traffic, which did not recover in the second half as expected. eBay's loyal customers are back following the reset of our passwords, but our more occasional customers have not returned as quickly as expected in Q4. And the SEO changes significantly diminished eBay's presence in natural search results, which impacted new user growth in the second half and had a cumulative effect on Q4 results. Second, a stronger dollar impacted eBay's cross-border trade, depressing U.S. exports and affecting Q4 results for North America. In total, we simply underestimated the combined effect of these events on eBay's ecosystem. And these events occurred in a more competitive environment, where eCommerce and omnichannel players are upping their game. But these are not excuses and this is not business as usual. In this environment, we need to sharpen our strategic focus and execute better. And Devin Wenig and his team are doing just that. They are moving decisively and aggressively with clear priorities: first, improve traffic and conversion; second, deliver strong product experiences that engage our target customers; and third, manage our cost structure to help fund investments that reengage eBay buyers. We're also sharpening our strategy with greater focus on the core consumer segment where we believe eBay can win savvy shoppers who love great value, unique selection, discovery and engagement. And we're redeploying resources to our top priorities and scaling back or stopping other initiatives. That said, 2015 will be another challenging year, and we expect eBay's performance to soften further before we see stabilization and improvement. We still have work to do. However, eBay continues to be a great business. In 2014, eBay enabled $83 billion in GMV and generated $3 billion in free cash flow. And even at low growth rates expected for 2014 -- '15, eBay can still deliver strong cash flows at healthy margins. Separation strongly supports eBay's need to focus on where it can win and to fully align its strategy, cost structure and capital allocation. And that's good for eBay's customers and for eBay's shareholders. Turning briefly to eBay Enterprise. Gross merchandise sales in Q4 were up 9% and revenue was up 9%. eBay Enterprise is a good business, and Craig Hayman is bringing a sharper strategic focus to how eBay Enterprise can compete and win as a leading commerce partner to brands and retailers. We're taking a closer look at eBay Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise going forward, and it's clear that the 2 businesses have increasingly divergent opportunities. As a result, we've decided to explore strategic alternatives for eBay Enterprise, including a full or partial sale or IPO. Until this process is complete, we do not anticipate commenting further. In summary, we are on the right strategic path, and we're acting decisively and aggressively as we position eBay and PayPal for success. We're sharpening our strategic focus and streamlining our cost structure and our portfolio, and we're creating operating agreements that preserve both synergies and strategic flexibility. Regarding our cost structure. Our decision announced today to eliminate approximately 2,400 positions, or about 7% of our global workforce, was a difficult one. Eliminating jobs is never easy. But these decisions were necessary at eBay, PayPal and eBay Enterprise to simplify the organizations, reduce complexity, speed decision-making and create competitive cost structures. Before closing, I want to update you on our progress toward creating 2 strong boards for eBay and PayPal. NBCUniversal executive Bonnie Hammer joined our board earlier this month. And today, I'm pleased to announce the addition of seasoned Wall Street executives Perry Traquina and Frank Yeary. Bonnie, Perry and Frank will bring tremendous value and expertise to our current board. In addition, we announced today an agreement with Carl Icahn, our largest active shareholder. This agreement reflects our alignment on separation and our shared belief in the benefits of avoiding distraction. As part of this agreement, Icahn Capital executive Jonathan Christodoro will be joining our board as our fourth new director. We look forward to welcoming Jonathan to the board. Looking ahead, we are clear in what we need to do to deliver our 2015 plans and ensure a smooth separation process, and we'll continue to do what's best for our business, for our customers and for our shareholders. Now I'll turn it over to Bob, who will provide more details on the quarter, and then we'll take questions.
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. In the fourth quarter, we enabled $72 billion of commerce volume on behalf of our customers. Mobile commerce volume was $17 billion, up 59% from last year. Revenue was $4.9 billion, up 9%. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.90, up 10%. We generated $1.3 billion in free cash flow in the quarter, and we bought back $1.2 billion of stock. In Q4, we generated net revenues of $4.9 billion, up 9%. Organic revenue growth was 10% in the quarter. Braintree contributed approximately 1 point of growth, while currency negatively impacted growth by roughly 2 points. We delivered revenue near the high end of the guidance range despite the impact of the stronger dollar, which impacted revenue by approximately $30 million since our guidance in October. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.90, up 10%. EPS growth was driven by 9% top line growth and lower share count, partially offset by lower operating margins. Operating margins declined by 150 basis points due to the higher customer service and site ops cost and slightly higher operating expenses. A little more color on operating expenses, which were 41% of revenue in the quarter, up 50 basis points. The biggest driver was sales and marketing, up 70 basis points. The incremental spend was to drive traffic at Marketplaces and to drive comprehension and usage by our customers at PayPal. We gained operating leverage on our G&A line, which was down 110 basis points. We generated free cash flow of $1.3 billion in the quarter, and CapEx was 8% of revenue. We had excellent free cash flow for the full year 2014, ending with cash, cash equivalents and nonequity investments of $14.6 billion, including $4.5 billion in the U.S. During the year, we generated $4.4 billion in free cash flow. We lowered our cost of capital by repurchasing 88 million shares of stock and issuing $3.5 billion in debt at attractive rates. And we funded our PayPal Credit portfolio primarily using our offshore cash. We have significant capacity to capitalize 2 independent companies while providing them each with the financial flexibility to invest and grow. Now let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had a great quarter and a strong close to an excellent year. For the first time, we achieved revenues of more than $2 billion in the quarter, reaching $2.2 billion, up 18% on an FX-neutral basis, driven by strong account growth and accelerating transaction growth, which was partially offset by a 3-point sequential deceleration on eBay growth. More than 50% of PayPal's revenues came from outside the U.S. A few quick comments on PayPal operating metrics. Total active accounts growth was 13%, with rising engagement per account. TPV, on an FX-neutral basis, grew 27%, with Merchant Services FX-neutral TPV increasing 36%. Transaction margins remained well above the 60% level, while we continue to expand off of eBay, grow large merchant ubiquity and accelerate Braintree growth with merchants and consumers. PayPal's segment margin declined 370 basis points to 22% due to increased investment in Braintree, product, brand as well as costs from onetime regulatory matters. Now let's turn to the Marketplaces business. Marketplaces delivered $2.3 billion in revenue, up 5% on an FX-neutral basis, a challenging close to a tough year. FX-neutral transaction revenue grew 3%, while marketing services revenue grew 12%, helped by strong growth of our global classifieds business. StubHub continued to detract from revenue due to a lower take rate from the pricing changes earlier in the year. eBay is a good business, but we have real challenges that we're working our way through. And as John mentioned, it's going to get worse before it gets better. A little more on what's going on. Since the fourth quarter of last year, our GMV has decelerated by 7 points globally and 11 points in the U.S., our largest and most competitive market. Our ecosystem has simply been disrupted. While volume through the first 5 months of the year was roughly stable, a series of factors have contributed to the second half decline, and we're wrestling with 3 fundamental challenges. First, traffic. Traffic growth has decelerated by 7 points in the year. The drivers include both the decline in new buyers at the top of the funnel due to the SEO changes and occasional buyers not returning to our site or buying less frequently. Secondly, FX-neutral selling prices on the site have declined 4 points over last year. This is a bit of a catch-22 for us. As we've made it easier for sellers from around the world to surface their inventory to global buyers, selection has increased from lower-priced regions. In addition, mobile has become a greater percentage of our mix, which skews more towards emerging markets and a younger demographic who tend to buy lower-priced items. And third, as John mentioned, cross-border trade. We have a large cross-border trade business, and our U.S. business is a next -- is a net exporter. And the stronger the U.S. dollar -- and the stronger U.S. dollar slowed our cross-border flows. The implication of these challenges has resulted in a deceleration in the 3-month active buyer growth to 5%, well below our 12-month active buyer growth of 11%. This is why things will get worse in the first half of 2015 before they get better in the second half of the year. That said, we're not standing still. We're taking decisive actions to focus the business in an effort to simplify and speed up decision-making while creating incremental capacity to invest to improve both traffic and technology. We're investing in marketing, improving product design and strengthening the SEO workflow to a more sustainable format. And we are prioritizing our resources towards our core shoppers and doubling down on areas of strength like our $2 billion eBay Deals business. So let me put the Marketplace performance into perspective. In what I would characterize as a very difficult year, eBay remains the 28th most valuable brand in the world. It has a great business model with low capital intensity, which generated $3 billion in free cash flow in 2014. We have our hand on the issues and we're working through them as we enter 2015. Now let's turn to eBay Enterprise. eBay Enterprise generated $1.9 billion in gross merchandise sales for its clients. GMS grew 9%, driven by the addition of new logos and same-store sales growth of 12%. Revenue was $443 million, up 9%. Segment margins for eBay Enterprise came in at 15.5%, relatively flat from last year. So before we turn to 2015, let me step back and give a brief summary of our full year 2014 performance. We enabled $255 billion of commerce volume for merchants and consumers globally, which accelerated 2 points to 24%. PayPal enabled $228 billion of TPV, up 27%; eBay enabled $83 billion of GMV, up 8%; and eBay Enterprise enabled $4.7 billion of GMS, up 13%. Mobile commerce volume was $54 billion, up 66%. Revenue grew 12% and non-GAAP EPS grew 9%. And through this tough year, we managed to generate $4.4 billion in free cash flow. And we bought back $4.7 billion of stock and reduced our shares outstanding by roughly 5%. Not the worst performance, but a year we're glad to have behind us. So with that, let me turn to our priorities for 2015. They're really twofold: first, execute on our business plans; and second, create the 2 world-class independent platforms. Let me talk to each. Executing our business plans. We are taking actions to streamline and simplify this cost structure in each of the businesses, and we're eliminating approximately 2,400 positions across the company, roughly 7% of the global workforce. And we're pursuing the sale or IPO of the eBay Enterprise so we are focused on our 2 core businesses. We are focusing our growth initiatives where we believe we have true competitive advantages and leveraging our large and growing customer bases. And during the year, we'll produce strong cash flow and opportunistically reduce our share count. The second major workstream for us is positioning 2 great standalone companies. We believe the key criteria for success are: an operating agreement that provides strategic flexibility while preserving synergies and minimizing dis-synergies; a capital structure that provides each business a flexibly that enables its investment priorities; and creating 2 world-class boards of directors. Now let me turn to guidance specifically, and then I'll provide an update on where we are on the separation process. We are projecting 2015 revenues of $18.6 billion to $19.1 billion, representing FX-neutral growth of 7% to 10%. We expect FX to impact revenue by approximately $600 million or roughly 3 points of growth as the U.S. dollar has strengthened versus the euro, pound and the Australian dollar by 12%, 8% and 10%, respectively. We are projecting non-GAAP EPS of $3.05 to $3.15, up 3% to 7% versus 2014, with our non-GAAP effective tax rate stable in the 19% to 20% range. And we expect to generate greater than $4 billion in free cash flow for the year with CapEx of 8% to 10% of revenues. We have a lot of moving pieces in 2015, so I wanted to provide a bit more transparency on what is driving or detracting from our non-GAAP EPS expectations for the year. There are 5 key drivers. As we mentioned earlier, we are reducing our global workforce by roughly 7%. This will result in a GAAP charge of approximately $100 million in the first quarter and generate savings in 2015 of more than $300 million across the company. But the savings will be reinvested to drive growth. Second, we will add approximately $1 billion to the top line in 2015. This top line growth, coupled with strong margins across our businesses, will generate $0.30 per share of earnings. Third, we repurchased $4.7 billion in shares of common stock in 2014. And our Board of Directors has approved an increase of our outstanding authorization by $2 billion, leaving $3 billion authorization remaining. We plan to offset dilution from our comp base programs and continue to opportunistically reduce our share count in 2015. This will add approximately $0.10 per share to EPS. Fourth, the strong dollar will have a large negative impact from a translation perspective and will create a headwind for cross-border trade growth. Translation, net of hedges, will negatively impact EPS by $0.10 to $0.15 per share in the year. And fifth, the dis-synergy costs associated with the separation will add approximately $200 million of ongoing cost in 2015 or approximately $0.10 to $0.15 per share. With that as context for eBay Inc.'s guidance and the drivers of EPS from 2014 to 2015, let me provide a little more context by business unit. For PayPal, we expect 15% to 18% growth on an FX-neutral basis. We have strong momentum in the core business. We are expanding credit both internationally and with small merchants, and we are extending our reach with Braintree. Slower on-eBay growth and lower monetization from Braintree and large merchants will partially offset the strong volume growth. For PayPal, we are expecting segment margins of 24% to 25%, up 1 to 2 points versus 2014. We are expecting transaction margin compression due to lower take rate and higher operating expenses as we invest in growth priorities. These will be offset by strong operating leverage and the benefits from our Q1 headcount reduction and anticipated gains on PayPal's FX hedges. For eBay, we expect FX-neutral revenue growth between 0 and 5%, with the first half growth slower than the second half as we look to rebuild our active buyer base. We expect segment margins of 37% to 39%, flat versus 2014. We are taking actions to streamline our cost structure in the first quarter, and we'll reinvest in product, sales and marketing while improving site security, stability and site speed. While growth is lower than we'd like, we'll be disciplined in our approach and the business will generate strong cash flows. For eBay Enterprise, we expect FX-neutral revenue growth of 5% to 8% with segment margins of 5% to 10%, greater than 2014. As John mentioned, this is a good business but has increasingly divergent opportunities with eBay, and therefore, we are pursuing a sale or IPO. As we move to become independent companies and fully allocate cost, we expect the business unit segment margins to be impacted by 3 to 4 points from corporate overhead and approximately 1 point from the dis-synergies associated with the separation. From a tax rate perspective, we expect the standalone tax rate for PayPal to be lower than eBay Inc.'s tax rate and the eBay Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise to be higher than the eBay Inc. tax rate. Next, I'd like to switch gears and give you an update on where we are related to separation. As I mentioned earlier, there are 3 primary workstreams we are focused on to set up these 2 businesses to succeed. First, the separation itself. Our guiding principle has been to move as swiftly as possible to set up each business to be fully self-sufficient and put in transitional service agreements where time, complexity and/or costs become an impediment. At this stage, we expect to incur approximately $200 million of ongoing cost, which is in line with our expectations. The dis-synergy costs are associated with separating data centers, infrastructure and IT-related task as we migrate from of shared services-type environment to a path towards self-sufficiently -- self-sufficiency. Additionally, there'll be facilities costs associated with separating shared facilities and G&A-related costs associated with creating 2 public companies. The second major workstream has been capital structure. Our guiding principle here has been to ensure each business is well capitalized with financial flexibility to pursue their strategic priorities, whether it is the resources to fund growth or the flexibility to return cash to shareholders. We have a great balance sheet, and at this stage, we feel increasingly confident that we can achieve our objectives. Our intentions are to sufficiently capitalize eBay with net cash of approximately $2 billion with significant debt capacity and leave PayPal with approximately $5 billion of net cash. We believe we can accomplish this in a tax-efficient manner. The third critical workstream relates to the operating agreement between the 2 companies. Our guiding principle here has been to provide each business with a strategic flexibility to maximize its independent potential while maintaining the synergies that have been captured and created over the years. At this stage, we're making good progress, but at the same time, we have lots to do. Overall, from a separation standpoint, we are on track to file our initial Form 10 by the end of February, and we are increasingly confident in our ability to effect the separation in the second half of this year. I know that was a lot of cover in a relatively short time, but now we'd be happy to answer any questions you have. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan of UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess 2. One, on the PayPal take rates, I wanted to know if we can get a little bit of color on the pressure you're seeing on take rates as TPV growth stays quite strong and maybe even gets stronger as you get bigger in mobile going forward and Braintree becomes a bigger portion of the pie going forward. So maybe a little bit of commentary on the cadence there. And then, John, on the Marketplaces business, you made a comment about shutting down or stopping initiatives that might not yield positive results longer term for Marketplaces. I want to know if we can get a little more color there.
Robert H. Swan: Sure. On the PayPal take rate, there's really been one dynamic that has been driving take rate for quite a bit of time now. And it primarily focuses on opportunities we see to expand our served market and enter new areas. And they've come in 3 forms. One, credit. As we expand our credit portfolio, all else equal, our monetization on credit-related transactions is higher. Secondly, as we expand with larger merchants over time, all else equal, our take rate has a tendency to be lower. And then third, as we expand into new markets, the shared economy through Braintree, our take rate has a tendency to be lower. So in all 3 cases, we've expanded our served market. The implications are a lower take rate, and yet we're still able to generate 60% transaction margins. As we project going forward, there will continue to be take rate on -- sorry, pressure on PayPal's take rate, and it's going to be primarily because of our success with the growth of Braintree and the growth of PayPal ubiquity in large merchants. And we expect that trend of a compressed take rate to continue to come down going forward.
John J. Donahoe: And Eric, regarding the things at Marketplaces, de-prioritizing or stopping it, let me just step back. And what this is grounded in is an increasingly competitive environment that requires us to sharpen and focus the Marketplace strategy. And as I mentioned earlier, we talked a lot over the last several years about the lines between eCommerce and mobile and offline blurring [ph], the taking of $1 trillion market and making it a $10 trillion market, and that's still the case. But Marketplace in this competitive world is going to focus on the $4 trillion where our core consumers align with our competitive strengths. This is where we think we can win. And in particular it's -- in simplest terms, it's not the convenience consumer. It's the average and -- I'm sorry, the avid shopper, the person who loves great value, loves selection, loves shopping. That's the majority of our current customer base, and that actually is 40% of the market, $4 trillion. And so Devin and team are more focused on -- focusing on what specifically that consumer wants than ever before. So an example, that consumer wants great deals, so we're growing our Deals business. We're growing the $2 billion Deals business and putting less emphasis on adding more full-priced inventory on the site. On delivery, our core consumer wants free delivery or they want to buy online and pick it up in store so they don't pay for delivery and they get to shop. And we're spending less on same-day delivery, which is really something that's geared toward the convenience user. Similarly, on trust, our core consumer likes eBay buyer guarantee. That's what they like, and there's some other trust initiatives that have less value. So it's really a re-prioritization on the more specific focused things that our core consumer represent, and we want to grow our $80 billion marketplace into the $4 trillion opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Vogel of Barclays.
Paul A. Vogel - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two quick questions. One, of the 7% reduction in force, just any breakdown by division where those cuts are coming from? And then just the second question, on the SEO issues that keep -- that have respected [ph] Marketplaces for a while now, just any additional color on sort of what's taking so long to fix that and sort of how you're going about fixing that problem so it gets better going forward?
Robert H. Swan: First, just on the workforce reductions, at this stage, all I would say is that 2,400 positions will be eliminated. That will be a little bit higher on the Marketplace side and a little bit lower on the PayPal side. And the reasons and rationale differ a little bit by business, where Devin -- John highlighted, where Devin is more focused, and therefore, he's aligning his cost structure to be more focused. I think as Dan sees the opportunities in PayPal and the need to accelerate the rate of innovation, he thinks there's opportunities to simplify the structure that exists. So the reasons they're a little bit different by business, in the aggregate, that's roughly 7%. And at this stage, all I would say is a little bit higher on the Marketplace side and a little bit lower on PayPal side.
John J. Donahoe: And Paul, the SEO, it -- the foundation of the issue is what I talked about last quarter, which is Google's SEO is most tuned to what retailers have, which I would call structured data and use of product catalogs. And eBay is kind of a unique beast. We have the world's largest collection of unstructured data. And our listings, by the very nature of the marketplace, turn over every 7 to 14 days. And so it's always been a struggle for us to get that to work sustainably and effectively in Google's SEO. And we have the sort of repeated pattern where every a couple of years, there's a rule change that impacts our business. So Devin and team have set out to fix this the right way, which involves us, in essence, creating our own product catalog and creating it in a way so that it has more sustainable performance in SEO. And unfortunately, we can't do that overnight. We clawed our way back to where SEO traffic is more or less where it was before the event, but it's not yet driving growth and it's not yet driving the same new buyers. I'll remind you, SEO is a modest part of our traffic, but it is an important source of new buyers for us. And so the remaining work to be done in over the first 3, 4 quarters of 2014 is building out that product catalog and getting so where SEO is generating traffic growth and back to generating the new buyers in a sustainable way.
Paul A. Vogel - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm sorry, so you basically have to redo the -- sort of all the indexing and the entire taxonomy [ph] of how you index the products, so this doesn't exist going forward? Is that sort of the right way to think about it?
John J. Donahoe: At the extreme. We've clawed our way back doing what we can do in the short term. But the fundamental -- it's like rebuilding search 5 years ago. It's building it, building it the right way and building it in a way that sustains. And so that's what we're focused on. The good news from a lapping standpoint, if you will, is this new buyer effect works its way through our ecosystem, the disruption to the new buyer funnel I talked about earlier. That will continue to work its way through up through the anniversary date and then the lapping. At least the lapping numbers get a little bit easier. But focused -- the team is ruthlessly focused on getting it right and building it in a sustainable and healthy way.
Operator: Our next question comes Ken Sena of Evercore.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore ISI, Research Division: I'm just wondering if you could maybe explain a little bit more the contribution margin versus the transaction margin pressure you mentioned. And is the 60% transaction margin still assured? And also, is there any potential to maybe negotiate the card present status as you look forward to maybe kind of offset some of those transaction pressures you're seeing?
Robert H. Swan: Ken, so first, what I alluded to in the quarter is PayPal transaction margins have been relatively stable at the 63% level. As we think about 2015, we expect a continued expansion of our served market. More of our growth will come from larger merchants and Braintree volume, and as a result, we expect take rate to become -- continue to come down and transaction margins to be coming down as well in 2015. However, we said operating margins would improve by 1 to 2 points. And while transaction margins are coming down and we'll be continuing to invest quite a bit, a simplified org [ph] structure and quite a bit of G&A leverage will help contribute to the 1 to 2 points of margin growth. Your second question on card present rates, I'll just say within our wallet or our funding mix, we're always looking for instruments that give consumers choice and that, all else equal, given that choice allows us to deliver a proposition for merchants that addresses their -- one of their key criteria, which is, PayPal, how can you help me lower my cost? So we are always looking for opportunities to add instruments and/or use our leverage and/or technology to lower processing costs within the wallet to offset pressures that come with a lower take rate, and we'll continue to do that in '15 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian of Robert Baird.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe as a follow-up on PayPal, regarding the acceleration in growth in the number of payments, I wonder if you can share more details in that, perhaps some of the same factors, perhaps Braintree or something else. And then secondly, just wanted your perspective on -- given the organizational changes and some of the issues in 2014, the innovation in both eCommerce and Payments that's happening really quickly, so I just wanted to clarify how you're able to keep up with that pace of change and product initiatives in the face of the separation and the disruptions.
Robert H. Swan: First, on just the number of payments, I mean, broader ubiquity on merchants giving consumers the ability to use us in more instances, slight improvement on a per user basis. And then as you indicated, the expansion of Braintree and incremental volume from Braintree is what's driving the growth and -- accelerating growth in the number of payments.
John J. Donahoe: And on innovation, there's a lot going on, on the innovation front. Let me -- on PayPal, Venmo, Venmo is on fire. Venmo is acquiring new users. It's a leading peer-to-peer way to pay. And if you go to any college campus across America, they talk about Venmo-ing money to each other. One Touch, which is the way that we can have -- with One Touch, consumers can pay with PayPal with One Touch on any Braintree or PayPal-enabled mobile app. v.zero, which is the Braintree next-generation platform which started out with third-party developers and small merchants and is now working its way. We're building our whole next-generation PayPal core platform on it. Installments credit, we've rolled out installments credit with Apple online in the U.K. and Germany and that will come to the U.S. That's a way to allow a merchant to give more choice to consumers and allows the consumer to be able to buy an item, a high-priced or lower-priced item, with great convenience. And then both businesses, mobile continues to be a major source of innovation. PayPal's got its new Mobile SDK. And if I turn to the Marketplace in the midst of what was a very challenging year, to be clear, we got that. But mobile GMV was up 42% for the year. Mobile GMV and eBay's mobile GMV was $28 billion. And you saw the iPad app that we launched right before Christmas. That is the freshest, I think, most innovative mobile experience that eBay has built in years. And it's geared importantly to infrequent users or new users. If you check it out, it's fresh. If you've never used eBay before, you can come in and it's engaging and intuitive. And so throughout all the challenges the marketplace has right now and all the operational execution they're focused on, we are -- Marketplace is still focused on innovations like its mobile experience, like live auctions and other things. So there is no lack of attention for innovation across other business.
Robert H. Swan: The only thing I would add more process-wise is we kind of highlighted 2 priorities: execute on business plans and separate to create 2 special companies. And the best we can, we're trying to divide and conquer where Dan and Devin and Craig are focused on their customers and execution and innovation. And then John and I and hordes of wonderful advisers are trying to focus and carry the water for the separation process. It's obviously not as clean as that, but these are 2 workstreams. And we're trying to minimize distractions in their respective business units so they can continue to focus on the innovation that's going to help them drive their growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt of Stifel.
Scott W. Devitt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I was wondering if you can just talk about how quickly Braintree is growing now and how big it is TPV or revenue-wise. And then separately, the $0.10 related to the buyback, does that include full execution of the $3 billion that you have remaining before the spin? And then third, I noticed that you're able to hedge out FX with PayPal but not eBay, and I wasn't familiar with that. I was wondering if you can talk about that a little bit as well.
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, Scott. First, on Braintree, I would just say the growth has been relatively explosive for the most part. The core business has grown tremendously during the course of the year. And Braintree added roughly 6 points of growth to the overall TPV growth for the business. And as you know, we added it late in the fourth quarter last year. So on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter, there wasn't a whole lot of Braintree volume. And the $0.10 buyback...
John J. Donahoe: I'll just add one thing before you get to the second question, Bob. Just on -- one of the things, Scott, on Braintree that I referenced earlier is increasingly, the Braintree foundational technology, the line is blurring between Braintree and PayPal. So the v.zero platform is increasingly becoming the core of the merchant platform for PayPal. You'll begin to see PayPal's peer-to-peer and Venmo peer-to-peer converge toward where we're leveraging a common back end. And so that Mobile SDK and One Touch are increasingly converging. So it has both absolute value of getting us into the fastest-growing segment of the market, the sharing economy apps. But it's also, I think, increasingly innovation and the freshness of PayPal's core products. And that line will blur, and I think it's part of the reason you're seeing accelerating growth in the PayPal part of the equation in addition to Braintree's. Sorry, go ahead to the second question.
Robert H. Swan: The second one, Scott, on the buyback, we -- I indicated that we reduced our share count by roughly 5% this year. And if you take that into account in 2015, you're going to get to roughly $0.07 to $0.08 of EPS accretion as a result of the actions we took in 2014. So our plans for '15 are obviously to offset dilution and be opportunistic. But given the $0.10, you should conclude that it doesn't assume a full $3 billion of execution, and our plans are to be opportunistic as we prepare for separation. Your third question, I think, just related to hedges. I mean, in effect, our -- to make it simple, our PayPal international business is a dollar-functional currency, which allows us to put in place economic hedges for projected revenue. We don't have that luxury for the eBay business. It's not dollar functional. Therefore, putting in economic hedges would subject us and you to quite a bit of volatility because we would not get the appropriate accounting treatment. Nothing new there in terms of our historical exposures and our hedging practices. But that's kind of the dynamics and why it is the way is.
Scott W. Devitt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I'll add that it's impressive that you're able to get a full year guide out at this point in the year with all the complications of the spin, so congrats on that.
Robert H. Swan: You guys are easy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, can you give us a sense of how much of the plan for this year -- particularly if PayPal has had a chance to be influenced by the new structure and particularly by the new CEO there, how much we're sort of at least starting to see his vision for what PayPal potentially can do? And then, Bob, if you can, just give us a sense of what the profile of the customer behind the growth in Merchant Services is looking like now. What's the use case where you're seeing the most growth in that number?
John J. Donahoe: Heath, on your first, actually, Devin and Dan are sitting right here. So Dan is right here. And he's, I think, 75 days into the job. And as you recall, he brings payments expertise and experience. He's been in technology. He's been in mobile. He's got a strong consumer background. And what's very apparent is he knows the industry players, whether it's merchants or partners or tech providers, ecosystem players. So in the -- I think, the first 75 days, what he's come away saying, very impressed with PayPal's unique assets, its global footprint, our risk capabilities. He keeps saying our risk capabilities are phenomenal, our brand, and the opportunity to extend and expand that brand across consumers and across merchants is significant. So what he's bringing is a greater focus. I would say one of the challenges PayPal has always had is there's too many opportunities. And there's greater focus in the 2015 plan, which -- that I've seen in the last several years: focused on product, extending Braintree, extending One Touch, extending Venmo; secondly, on expanding things like our credit offering, which increase our relevance both to merchants and to consumers; and then marketing. PayPal really did marketing for the first time in 2014, and we had pretty clear positive return on investment. It was one of the contributors to those very high growth rates. Dan brings a lot of consumer marketing experience, and the 2015 plan continues and has even more marketing. So the 2015 plan, which is, in many ways, a continuation of the current with more sharp focus is -- he's got his footprints on it or handprints on it. And then he's simplifying the organization to accelerate innovation. So you'll get a chance to hear from him in the second quarter. Both Devin and Dan will be in the second quarter talking more about the standalone strategies and forward-looking visions for each business. But I think Dan's off to a strong start.
Robert H. Swan: Heath, on the growth profile, maybe on the merchant side and on the consumer side. On the merchant side, just geographically, you see more growth outside of the U.S. than you see in the U.S. So PayPal's global footprint continues to expand. From a size standpoint, large merchants, we've gone from roughly 0 to almost 70% penetration on large merchants in the large developed markets. So large merchants, size of merchant becomes increasingly relevant. And then in the developer community and particularly where Braintree pulls us through into the shared the economy, it's a different set more -- can be more service oriented versus merchants that are strictly product oriented. So on the merchant side, geographic, more international, size, more large and type increasing service versus just product. On the consumer side, just from the nature of the growth in mobile, you see that the increased frequency of PayPal's user is increasingly technology savvy and has embraced mobile. And product, coupled with that dynamic and the customer base, has allowed the PayPal consumer to be more technology savvy. But I would maybe follow up on John's point that we've made tremendous progress on the merchant side, but with Dan on board on the consumer side and the relevancy of PayPal products to consumers to use more frequently is where Dan is spending a lot of his time in his first 75 days or so.
Operator: Our final question comes from John Blackledge of Cowen and Company.
John R. Blackledge - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. What are the specific plans to effectively rebuild demand in the active buyer base at the Marketplace business? And what percent of active buyers are considered core shoppers? And the second question will be kind of with the benefit of time since the separation agreement, how do Devin and team think about longer-term Marketplace GMV and top line growth potential, '16 and beyond, acknowledging the recent growth challenges and restructuring?
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, John. On your first question, Devin and his team are ruthlessly focused right now on rebuilding demand for the active buyer base. But as I mentioned earlier, the core eBay customer got through the passive reset and they're buying with more or less the same frequency as they've had. And it's the infrequent shopper, the one that maybe comes 2, 3, 4x a year, tends to come in the holiday season, they didn't come back at the rate we thought even though we ran some brand campaigns, we ran some -- so 2015, Devin and the team will continue strong marketing spend, consistent with the levels of '14, more focused on the top of the funnel. We'll continue to fill that SEO and those 2 things driving traffic. In addition, the product, as I mentioned earlier, the iPad new product is a good example of gearing more towards more the infrequent or new user that's not familiar with eBay. So Devin and team are trying to make the new person that's never used eBay, when they first arrive at eBay, make it easy, intuitive to use. And so both marketing and product are very focused on that. And then with respect to the longer-term growth rates and plans, very consciously, Bob and I have tried to provide a lot of detail today in '15 guidance and -- so that you've got a sense of what we, Devin and Dan are committed for, for '15. There'll be stability and continuity through this year, through the separation process, and we tried to provide joint guidance and also by business unit. And then we'll leave '16 and beyond for when Devin and Dan come out and speak to you in roughly the second quarter, in advance of separation. So I'll leave the answer to that question until then. So with that, I think we'll wrap up. Thank you, everyone, and we'll talk to you in 90 days.
Robert H. Swan: Thank you.
John J. Donahoe: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hudson - Investor Relations John Donahoe - President and CEO Bob Swan - CFO
Analysts: Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Eric Sheridan - UBS Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities Kaizad Gotla - JPMorgan Ben Schachter - Macquarie Mark May - Citi
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to eBays Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2014. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bobs prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. And all segments' results are adjusted for the effects of foreign currency exchange. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of the conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to the planned separation of eBay Inc.'s Marketplaces and PayPal businesses and our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2014, the future growth in Payments, Marketplaces and eBay Enterprises businesses and the completion and timing of the planned separation. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in the most recent Annual Report and our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at our IR site. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 15, 2014 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update the information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our Q3 earnings call. Our recent separation announcement underscores our commitment to deliver sustainable shareholder value. We strongly believe that separating eBay and PayPal into independently publicly traded companies best positions each business for long term success. Weve always been committed to making the right decisions at the right time to do whats best for eBay, PayPal and our shareholders. And with the decision made, our focus is on moving forward with clarity and speed to minimize distraction and capitalize on the opportunities ahead. Our priority is setting eBay and PayPal up for success as independent companies while ensuring they continue to execute well until separation occurs. Bob and I remain responsible for the financial performance of the company while working closely with Devin Wenig and Dan Schulman to create cohesive business plans for the future. Now lets take a look at our results for the quarter. We enabled $63 billion of commerce volume in the third quarter up 27%. Mobile and cross-border trade continue to be major contributors accounting for 21% and 22% respectively of our total enabled commerce volume. Overall, revenue was up 12% Q3 and non-GAAP EPS was up 6%. eBay and PayPal both generated double-digit customer growth with PayPal reaching almost 157 million active registered accounts and eBay topping 152 million active buyers. PayPal had another strong quarter. Merchant Services TPV grew 37% in Q3, accelerating for the sixth consecutive quarter. Revenue also accelerated from the prior quarter, up 21% on an FX neutral basis. Increased consumer adoption and expanded merchant coverage continue to drive strong results. And Braintree had another strong quarter, gaining new merchants and launching its v.zero software developer kit. The v.zero SDK enables Braintree merchants to integrate and offer PayPal in as little as 15 minutes while still allowing them to maintain full control of the user experience. PayPal continues to lead in the dynamic and competitive mobile payment space. PayPals mobile payments volume was up 72% in the third quarter to $12 billion, accounting for 20% of total payments volume. And PayPal is on track to process 1 billion mobile transactions this year. PayPal also continues to innovate with the introduction of One Touch payments in September. One Touch is the fastest way to pay on any mobile device regardless of platform or payment method. Looking ahead, were focused on ensuring that PayPal has the right structure as an independent company to compete aggressively and continue its strong growth momentum. Turning to eBay Marketplaces. This is a great business that has tremendous opportunities in a growing addressable market with healthy margins and strong cash flow. However, without a doubt, eBay is clearly facing some near-term challenges. Its growth is neither what we wanted nor what we expected. For the third quarter, global GMV grew 7% on an FX neutral basis and revenue was up 5%. Global fixed price volume was up 15%. Slowing traffic growth has delayed the modest recovery we expected during the second half. And to get back on track, Devin Wenig and his team are moving decisively, aggressively managing costs and redeploying savings into marketing to drive traffic and enhance the brands. Following the cyber attack earlier this year, you recall that eBay made a bold decision to reset passwords for all users. We knew at the time that this was the right decision for our customers, but was likely to create short-term challenges. But we also believed it was the right thing to do for the long-term health of eBay. It helps ensure we maintain a safe and trusted marketplace. And we believe that eBays underlying fundamentals remain solid. eBay has more selection than ever with more than 800 million listings and fixed price in international growth remains solid. While addressing the short-term challenges, the team is also investing in the right medium and long-term initiatives to enhance the eBay experience for buyers and sellers. And the team is working to strengthen the long-term health and competitiveness of eBay with efforts such as our new global brand campaign. Looking ahead, Devin and team are sharpening eBays strategy focus and target customer segment. eBay will be focusing more aggressively on where it can compete and win and deliver sustainable growth. Separation strongly supports this direction, because separation will allow eBay to more clearly align its strategy, cost structure and capital allocation in a way thats good for our customers and good for shareholders. Turning briefly to eBay Enterprise. Gross merchandize sales were up 14% and revenue was up 3% during the quarter. As a strong partner to retailers, eBay Enterprise continues to be a recognized leader in local commerce. Today, eBay Enterprise enables store-based order fulfillment for 5,000 stores in 15 countries representing 41 retail brands and another 1,000 stores are planned by year end. For all of 2014 shift from store sales enabled by eBay Enterprise are expected to reach $1 billion. In summary, the third quarter underscored the need for sharp focus and strong execution in our commerce and payments businesses. eBay and PayPal increasing face unique challenges and opportunities. As independent companies, each business will have the focus and flexibility to capitalize on their respective opportunities and drive competitive advantage. Well continue to move with speed and clarity to ensure that each business is set up for longer term success and that we continue to drive sustainable shareholder value. Now, Ill turn it over to Bob who will provide more details on the quarter.
Bob Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion I will reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. The role we play in global commerce continues to grow. eBay Inc.'s Enabled Commerce Volume was $63 billion, up 27%, a one point acceleration versus Q2. Payments volume increased 29% and Marketplaces volume increased 9%. Mobile ECV increased 67% to 13.5 billion representing 21% of Enabled Commerce Volume. Mobile payment volume was $12 billion, up 72% and Marketplaces mobile volume was 7 billion, up 41%. Cross-border trade accelerated one point and grew 27%, representing $13.9 billion or 22% of ECV. Revenue increased 12%, non-GAAP EPS was $0.68, up 6%, and we generated 941 million of free cash flow. Marketplaces growth has been slower than we expected and the U.S. dollar has been stronger than we expected. Combined, these reduced our second half of the year revenue outlook by approximately 300 million and non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.07. We expect to partially offset the EPS decline with tight cost control and favorability in our tax rate, while reducing our full year revenue guidance but expect to be at the low end of our non-GAAP EPS guidance. In Q3 we generated net revenues of 4.4 billion, up 12%. Organic revenue growth was 10% in the quarter with Braintree and currency each contributing approximately one point of growth. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23.7%, down 310 basis points and non-GAAP EPS was $0.68, up 6%. Our gross margins remain relatively stable. However, we significantly increased our operating expenses to increase traffic and engagement across both eBay and PayPal and to prepare for the peak holiday at eBay Enterprise. Let me provide a little more color on operating expenses which were 45% of revenue in the quarter, up 270 basis points. The biggest driver was sales and marketing which was up 180 basis points. The incremental spend was to dig our way out of the cyber attack and SEO changes impacting us in the second quarter. And we also increased our sales and marketing expense at PayPal to drive comprehension and usage by our customers. We generated free cash flow of 941 million in the quarter, a more than $3 billion of free cash flow year-to-date. CapEx was 10% of revenue in the quarter. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of 15.1 billion, including approximately 5.1 billion in the U.S. This includes the 3.5 billion in debt that we raised during the quarter and the repayment of the outstanding commercial paper. We improved our financial flexibility funding 73% of the PayPal Credit principal loan portfolio with offshore cash. Our balance sheet is as strong as it has ever been and we have the capacity to capitalize two independent companies with the appropriate capital structures and funding flexibility. Now lets take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had a great quarter. Revenue reached 1.95 billion, accelerating 1 point to 21% on an FX neutral basis driven by acceleration at Merchant Services. A few quick highlights on PayPal operating metrics. Total active accounts growth was 14% with rising engagement per account. TPV on an FX neutral basis grew 28%. Merchant Services FX neutral TPV accelerated four points to 37%. Transaction margin remained well above the 60% level while we continue to expand off of eBay, grow large merchant ubiquity and accelerated Braintree growth with merchants and consumers. Braintree's strong growth negatively impacted transaction margin by 70 basis points while adding three points to the Merchant Services acceleration. PayPal segment margin came in at 20.9% for the quarter, down 180 basis points driven by accelerating growth of the lower margin Braintree business and increased investments in product and brand to increase awareness and relevancy. Let me touch on a few quick highlights for our credit business. Credit's still in the early stage of growth. It allows PayPal and eBay merchants to increase their volume by providing financing choice to consumers. In addition, it improves the companys ability to manage its transaction expense. We leveraged our credit business and launched a working capital program in the U.S. to give SMBs access to the capital they need to grow their business. To date more than 20,000 merchants have taken advantage of this program. Customer satisfaction has been high and 88% of merchants who have paid off their initial loan have applied for additional loans. We expect to extend the pilot outside the U.S. in the coming months. PayPal Credit TPV grew 29% in the quarter. PayPal Credit as a funding source represented 5.1% share of U.S. addressable GMV and a 2.8% share of Merchant Services U.S. TPV. Now lets turn to the Marketplaces business. Marketplaces delivered $2.2 billion in revenue which grew 5% on an FX neutral basis. FX neutral basis transaction revenue grew 4% while marketing and services revenue grew 7% helped by a 14% growth of our global classifieds business. StubHub continues to detract from revenue growth due to a lower take rate from recent pricing changes. As John mentioned earlier, our Marketplaces growth is not where we want it to be nor where we expected it to be. Let me provide you some more details on the steps we are taking. First the cyber attack. The majority of users have gone through with a password reset, but the reset is causing friction with our users. And one of the second order effects has been that some users have had to reset their password multiple times. We are making adjustments to the login process and increasing customer service to address the pain points. We are also invested in marketing and contra expenses to increase the level of traffic that comes to the site. Second, SEO. We've begun to implement a new approach to SEO, focusing on a long-term style that embraces our unique challenge of being a third party marketplace with vast amounts of unstructured data. This will take time and likely impact the traffic we generate from natural search. Natural search is a small but important source of traffic primarily impacting new buyer growth. The third area, StubHub. Weve made pricing changes to maintain our leadership position. This is a good business with brand awareness that has increased 11 points over the last year. Both volume and take rate are down and growth is not quite where we'd expected it to be. That said, were not standing still. We are adjusting our cost structure in light of slower growth while redeploying our resources into marketing and a brand campaign to increase our traffic and close the perception gap. A few quick highlights on Marketplaces operating metrics. Active buyers grew 13% to 152 million. FX neutral GMV grew 7%, which decelerated 1 point due to pressure from lower levels of traffic resulting from the May cyber attack and Google SEO algorithm changes. Fixed price, which now represents 79% of GMV, grew 15%, while auction growth declined 7%. Marketplaces segment margin was down 300 basis points driven by increased spend in marketing and contra. Now let me put the Marketplaces performance into perspective. 2014 has been a challenging year with a series of unanticipated setbacks. And what I would characterize as a very difficult year, eBay remains the 28th most valuable brand in the world, has a great business model with low capital intensity and tremendous cash flows. And in a tough year, we expect eBay to generate more than $3.5 billion of EBITDA in 2014. Now lets turn to eBay Enterprise. eBay Enterprise generated 900 million in gross merchandise sales for its clients. GMS grew 14% driven by the addition of new logos and same store sales growth of 13%. Revenue was 259 million, up 3%. Segment margin came in at minus 0.5%, down 390 basis points due to continued softness with the Marketing Services business and increased cost as the team gears up for the peak holiday season. Now let me turn to guidance. The PayPal business has good momentum, but our Marketplaces business has been slow to recover. While were confident well work through the global password reset and the SEO changes, we expect it will take longer and cost more. For the fourth quarter of 2014, we expect revenue of 4.85 billion to 4.95 billion, representing growth of 7% to 9%. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.88 to $0.91, representing growth of 8% to 12%. We anticipate non-GAAP Q4 effective tax rate of 18% to 19% and our guidance assumes that the U.S. R&D tax credit will be extended in 2014. Before we conclude, Id like to take a minute to provide some process details regarding the separation we announced a few weeks ago. There are three steps that need to be taken over the course of the next year. First, well create operating agreements. The objective of the agreement is to preserve the current relationships between the two businesses while minimizing the [dis-synergies] (sic) and ensure each business is set up to succeed in their respective commerce and payments industries. Second, eBay, Inc. has a great balance sheet which well use to capitalize the businesses for success. As we mentioned earlier, the debt will remain with the new eBay and we will ensure that eBay has significant cash balance and well also ensure that PayPal has enough cash to finance its expanded loan portfolio. And we expect to opportunistically buy back stock in the interim. Last, we expect to file the Form 10 in the first half of 2015 and expect to complete the separation in the second half of 2015. As John mentioned, well move with speed and clarity to minimize distractions and ensure each business is set up for success. In summary, we have two great businesses and markets with strong tailwinds supporting them. Consumers continue to embrace e-commerce and digital payments, playing directly to our strengths. With other large ecosystem players embracing mobile commerce, we believe this will only accelerate the blurring of lines between offline and online, raising consumer awareness and expanding our addressable market. We will continue to focus on execution while moving with speed to effectuate the separation. And now, wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Scott Devitt with Stifel. Your line is open.
Scott Devitt  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. One question, two parts. So accepting the reasons for currently operating below targets on segment margin, I was just wondering if there is anything that's changed structurally from the Marketplaces and PayPal margin guidance that was given back in the first quarter of 13 at the Analyst Day? And then the second part of the question is, as you enter the period over the next 12 months going into the spin, your thoughts around incremental costs that are added to the businesses separately? If you have any visibility to that to the extent there would be more cost in the business split than combined? Thanks.
Bob Swan: Scott, first on the structural segment margins, going forward we'll provide you lots more detail about 2015 and beyond once we get through the fourth quarter holiday season. As I think about 2014, specifically you see a few dynamics going on during the course of the year, some which are the same and some which are a little bit different. The same, particularly for Marketplaces, is the first quarter and the fourth quarters are the highest segment margins within the year, and the second and third quarter historically have always been the lowest. So that dynamic is what is continuing during the course of 2014. What exacerbates that is the higher spend we made in Q2 and Q3 to drive traffic particularly in light of the cyber security breach and the FCO changes. So you see Q2 and Q3 a little bit lower than historical perspective. And while we expect Q4 to be better than the Q2, Q3 run rates, were going to continue to invest in bringing traffic and expanding the amount of spend on brands and that will continue in 2015. On PayPal, one thing thats been the same and one thing thats a little bit different. The thing thats been the same is transaction margins. For a number of years now we have maintained a very healthy transaction margin business despite the fact that weve been growing quite a bit off eBay expanding our presence with large merchants, and as I indicated earlier, rapidly growing with Braintree. With that growth, weve still maintained north of 60% transaction margins. More recently whats different is weve begun to invest more in the PayPal brand from a position of strength to drive more brand awareness and drive consumers' perceptions of PayPal to capitalize on what we believe is a wonderful brand that has lots of use cases for merchants and consumers. Thats a little bit different than historical. On incremental cost associated with the separation, I would say thats a TBD. Obviously we'll incur some onetime costs as we prepare for the separation between now and the next year, consistent with separations that youve seen along the way and well provide as much detail and transparency as we can as we go further along in the separation process. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Bob, you mentioned the investments that you guys are marking to reengage consumers post the password reset. But even with the guidance that EPS is going to be at the lower end of the range, it sort of seems like the level of investment that youre making into this is less than proportionate to the impact that this has had on the business. Is there a reason particularly when youre talking about a Marketplaces business that is as profitable as this one, is there a reason not to be much more aggressive and whether its marketing, whether its technology to get people back on the platform reengaged in Marketplaces growth back in line with overall e-commerce growth?
Bob Swan: In our fourth quarter guidance, we are anticipating fairly significant sales and marketing spend in our Marketplaces business. We spent dramatic acceleration in Q3 and well continue to accelerate that level of spend in Q4. What you see in our guidance is earnings growth is much higher in Q4 and Q3. I think there is a few things that really drive that acceleration. First, Q4 is a seasonally much larger business and while were going to spend a lot of more on marketing, we do have quite a bit of fixed cost where well get operating leverage from Q3 to Q4 that will drive more earnings expansion just because of that volume. Secondly, as I mentioned, we expect to have a lower tax rate in the fourth quarter. In prior years, the US R&D tax credit was, well at least in 2013 and 2012, was improved earlier in the year. This year were expecting that change to happen in the fourth quarter. So earnings will be higher Q4 versus Q3 and one of the drivers will be a lower effective tax rate in Q4. All that being said, we are stepping up our level of sales and marketing spend in the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter holiday season to drive traffic to eBay and to drive PayPal brand awareness domestically and across the globe.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Great. I appreciate that. I guess one other just sort of higher level question. What kind of freedom do you and John see Devin and Dan having ahead of the actual split to make decisions around investments and technology initiatives that might have the impact of taking you a lot further away from the margin structure that the company has fought so hard to maintain and the guidance that you guys have given in the past?
John Donahoe: Not whatsoever, Heath. Were going to try to do whats right for both businesses. I mean thats the whole rationale behind the separation. We did it based for the right reasons, on our timeframe for the right reasons to set the businesses up to succeed over the medium to long term, short, medium to long term. And thats what the Board cared about, that's what Bob and I care about and thats going to continue to be the guiding principal over the next six to nine to 12 months is to set each of these businesses up to succeed. As I said in my remarks, Bob and I are clearly -- were still accountable for the results until the separation occurs and we look forward to working closely with Dan and Devin to set each business up to be successful both in 2015 and beyond.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird : Great, thanks. Good afternoon. I guess first question, with the headwinds from the spring algorithm change still having an impact, can you add a little more color on how the SEO strategy will evolve in terms of managing search as well as the timeframe that you have in mind for seeing a step up in volumes? And if you could remind us also what portion of traffic is being generated from the search engine, that will be helpful? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Well Colin, the first thing I'd say is we dont give specific amounts, but eBay has been and continues to be blessed with the majority of its traffic being organic and thats always been a strength of eBay and continues to be and frankly the Q4 brand campaign we think will help reinforce that organic traffic. SEO is a relatively small portion of our traffic, but its a portion thats important and in particular brought us new users. And the dilemma we had in the SEO world over the last, really its been four, five years, is we're unique. Were the worlds largest collection of unstructured data. We've got 8 million listings. They tend to turn over every 14 days. So even when a seller is selling the same thing, they do a new listing. And so its a little more challenging for the search index to index our inventory. And what tended to happen is when there have been changes to that search index, we get impacted and this is not the first time its happened. So what were doing is were going to try to do everything we can to put our inventory in a form and format that allows more sustainability of SEO results and so in some way mirrors more structured data approaches. And that means its going to take a little longer to do, its a little more manual to do, but Devin and team I think are taking the right approach on this so that we take out a little bit of the SEO volatility weve had. I dont love it. This impacted our business, this SEO change, I dont like that. But I think were going to do it the right way here so that it reduces volatility going forward, but it will take time. Its not going to pop back up in the next one, two or three quarters. It'll come up a little bit at a time as we index more and more of that inventory back in.
Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thanks, John. Maybe just one quick follow-up to Heaths question on marketing. Im wondering how much of that is allocated towards the branding campaign compared to more of an action or direct response based campaign with coupons and discounts and the like and how quickly we might see a response to that. Thanks.
John Donahoe: Well, I think both are up. I mean the brand campaign is the largest brand campaign weve done since I think 2008 or 2009 which was the last time we did a major one. And this is going to be live in three or four countries. Its a global campaign. And its intended to have enough [huff] (ph) that it breaks through. At the same time, the other marketing channels are also experiencing increased investments year-over-year, whether that's direct response marketing, whether thats coupons and offers, whether that's daily deals. So as Bob said earlier, the team has done a very good job of controlling its overall expenses and headcount to enable reallocating fairly heavily into a very strong marketing investment in Q4.
Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird :  Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank: Thanks guys. Just the two quick ones. First is, do you have any sense of when the commercial agreement between the two companies would be in place relative to the S-4 filing that's supposed to be hit in the first half? And as you look at that commercial agreement, what kinds of factors are being considered? Do you expect any meaningful changes to the economic transfer between Marketplaces and PayPal? And then the second question is, it looks like you guys are picking up some really nice market share on the Google Wallet side here in a number of new countries. Do you expect to be a funding option for Apple Pay? And if so, when could that happen? Thank you.
Bob Swan: I will do the first, John, and you can do the second. On the commercial agreement, yeah, obviously we want to get those in place before the Form 10 filing in the first half and that will be a work in process and youll know when that gets filed. But as I indicated earlier, speed and clarity to avoid distraction is our modus operandi. In terms of the agreements themselves, I mean weve had the talks over the years about the natural benefits that have existed between the two businesses. Marketplaces has been a source of new users for PayPal in the past, so we want that to continue. Marketplaces has been a place where PayPal has been able to launch its innovations to drive higher penetration of PayPal on eBay, to drive consumer credit growth on eBay, to drive SMB credit on eBay more recently and to drive mobile payments on eBay. So, we have new users, we have PayPal innovations and then lastly we have data. And the sources of data that eBay benefits from PayPal and vice versa have made the company stronger because of those relationships with each other. The intent of the operating agreements is simply to capture those benefits going forward, to minimize any [dis-synergies] (sic) associated with the separation, while also giving the individual businesses the inherent flexibility to compete and win in their respective markets. Thats the tradeoffs that well be making with the operating agreements to create value for shareholders in the short to medium and the long term by benefiting from the dependencies but also positioning the businesses for success. And again Ross, thats one thats going to be -- its been actively worked and well update you as we file in the first half of next year.
John Donahoe: And Ross, on your second question on PayPal and Google Wallet, Apple Pay, just to reiterate what I said when we talked about separation, over the last couple of years PayPal has been working really hard to be able to enable payments in all the technology ecosystems. Our ambition is to be able to enable payments anywhere consumers want to shop and pay and that was one of the things that contributed to our acquisition of Braintree and its something that is an important part of PayPals future. And weve been working hard to make sure that PayPal can be an effective form of payment inside of Googles ecosystem. And as you said, I think weve made some nice progress on that, its going well. And with respect to Apple, Apple has always been an important partner of both eBay and PayPal and it remains to be seen. Were hopeful but we will work toward whatever is right in the months and years ahead.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets: I know youve talked about SEO changes, but could you talk about paid marketing changes and any new thoughts on social marketing channels or paid searching? And just want to follow-up on Heaths question about thinking who -- with Dan and Devin coming in and taking over these businesses, how much of the investment plans that you have now are fully baked with them? Obviously Devin has been with the business for a long time, so Im sure he is fully aboard. But Dan is relatively new to the business. To what extent should we be concerned or think about whether you go through this investment cycle and then we go through another major one halfway through or as we get closer to the spin, how do we know that these plans are consistent with what well see post spin or maybe thats unrealistic? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Maybe I'll comment on both. You can add to the second as well. On Marketplaces marketing, one of the things that Devin and team are really focused on this year is really diversifying our marketing channels and marketing spend. And so we continue to be, without a doubt, a very major player in paid search marketing, SEM. But there is a lot of work with Facebook and other social platforms to try to find ways to spend more on those platforms and benefit from the strong consumer engagement that Facebook and others have with their consumers and I think some nice shared innovation and working together and some nice early progress on that. So overtime, eBay wants to be able to be wherever consumers are starting their shopping experience. And so I think continued focus on that. And on your second question, we can probably both comment on this. I dont -- you will get a chance to hear on the first quarter and then the second quarter about what those investment plans are, but I dont think there is anything dramatically different on the horizon. As I said earlier, were going to work closely to figure out how to best position both eBay and PayPal for the future. I think Payments is going through a really interesting time right now where there is digital payments accelerating and I think that creates a greater addressable market and well want to make sure we position PayPal to capitalize on that. And as I said earlier, I think with eBay, this allows them more focused and aligned eBay around its strategy and capital allocation. So well work closely over the six to nine months to position each business to be successful. And early 2015 both Bob and I and Devin and Dan will talk about how that looks for the future.
Bob Swan: The only thing I would add, Mark, just that Devin has been here for a few years, so he knows the business we'll. And I think what youve seen, obviously the industry is changing fairly rapidly. I am sure continuing to invest in mobile to capitalize on the industry dynamics will be important and help free enough capacity to invest in marketing and brand to drive traffic. That's something you see more recently and I would expect that to continue. Youre familiar with Devin and hes been here for a few years. Yeah, I think I dont want to presuppose for Dan, but the way weve thought about the business overtime is we have a merchant and a consumer value proposition in a role that we play in the ecosystem where we can charge a fee for the services we provide and generate very strong transaction margins. And again, I use the 60% plus range over the years. All along the way, the easiest thing for us to do would have been to simply dramatically expand the segment margins of PayPal because it has got strong transaction margins and it gets good operating leverage. Along the way, weve used that growth and that value proposition and have now adjusted the payments ecosystem to reinvest back into driving the growth over the long term for the business. And I am sure that Dan is going to think about it the same way is how do I use this wonderful franchise to continue to invest and grow the business for the long haul and not be too preoccupied with what the segment margins are quarter-by-quarter. And as John said, youll hear from them as we go into 2015.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, Bob. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan - UBS: Thanks for taking the question. First one, John, for you maybe, on the merchant side, the competitive environment seems to be getting more intense. Amazon continues to push 3P. Their platform is looking for deeper advertising services. Now, Google is extending Google Shopping Express to include additional merchants and additional cities. Maybe help us understand the landscape for eBay looking at things like eBay Enterprise, eBay Now, eBay Stores and maybe even extending eBay deeper as an advertising services platform long term to continue to strengthen those merchant relationships? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Well, Eric, the way we step back and look at this sort of blending commerce landscape, which as you said is huge when you combine online and offline, and let me actually start with eBay Marketplaces then go to eBay Enterprise. I said earlier that one of things I think or I know youll see eBay Marketplaces doing is beginning to focus more on our target segment. The largest retailers in the world all have pretty clear articulation of who their target consumer is and eBay has a very clear target consumer who forms the bulk of our customer base and frankly is a large part of the market. And Devin is driving a process where were getting even more clarity about who that target consumer is and how we can position eBay to win with that target consumer and make sure were most aligned with that target consumer and not -- we wont be aligned with necessarily everyone else in the market. And so I think youre going to see a more focused eBay and I think its going to be a more special eBay, frankly anything a large retailer or large commerce provider has to do. I also think as part of that some of the -- there is an enormous amount of money thats going to be spent as you see in same-day delivery in those services and I dont think thats going to be -- thats not essential to our core target consumer. What you can see though that our core target consumer likes is they like to avoid shipping costs and so things like our Argos partnership in the UK I think has something that's aligned with our target consumer where our small sellers are able to provide same-day pickup or pickup that a consumer can avoid shipping expense and get the best of worlds without eBay investing tons and tons of money. So I think there are some creative ways of addressing that. So, eBay youll see I think more focused on our target consumer. eBay Enterprise is more an enabler for the larger retailers of how they compete in this omnichannel world. And eBay Enterprise, in particular its VendorNet capability, is really I think helping buy online, pickup and store, buy online, ship from store capabilities for the large retailers as I described earlier and there is a lot of demand for that and well continue to particularly invest in that part of eBay Enterprise's capability.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gil Luria with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Thanks for taking my question. In the past youve been ambivalent in terms of your approach to Near-Field Communication. Now that it looks like in 12 to 18 months we may actually get to critical mass of installed base with the retailers, will you try to make the PayPal wallet usable with NFC for the consumer to be able to consummate transactions at their point-of-sale through NFC and in that way leverage the EMV deadline for next year and the impact that Apple Pay is going to have?
John Donahoe: Short answer, Gil, is yes, and thats actually a relatively straightforward thing for us to do. As you know, PayPal has always been sort of technology agnostic around how a consumer wants to pay. And as you said, for quite a while we thought NFC was not going to be -- get very fast adoption. Now with the recent industry changes, with localization, I think that will be accelerated. Although its important to understand, accelerated may be from a three to five-year horizon to a one to three-year time horizon. This is not something that's going to happen in months. And well see. Its interesting, in Australia there is a fair amount of NFC use and consumer adoption and there are times where they tap their phones, there are other times they tap their cards in an NFC format. So our goal is to have PayPal to be enabled for however our consumer wants to pay and so thats what were doing. And as I said, anything that increases digitization of payments I think expands our addressable market.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Thats great. And then in terms of the impact of currency, do you mind isolating  now you made a comment that slower marketplace growth in currency, you have a combined 300 million impact on the second half. One point of currency on third quarter is about $40 million. So what's just the impact of currency on the fourth quarter?
Bob Swan: Yeah. Roughly speaking its going to be 110 million to 120 million with no change in currency. So I think the reason it was lower in Q3 versus Q4 is just the dollar strengthening since we last spoke in the middle of July until today. So were a very global business with over 40% of our revenues from outside the U.S. The UK or the pounds, euro, and the Aussie dollar are virtually 35% of our volume and exposures in those three currencies since the middle of July have depreciated roughly 7% across the board relative to the dollar. So as they depreciated during the course of the quarter, they'll have a bigger impact in Q4 than it did in Q3. So we said roughly 150 million since the last time we spoke with you, 30 million was in the third quarter and roughly 120 million in the fourth quarter.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Excellent, thanks.
Bob Swan: Thanks Gil.
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Kaizad Gotla - JPMorgan: Great, thanks for taking the question. This is Kaizad on line for Doug. I was wondering if you could elaborate on the impact Braintree on the payment segment margin a little bit? Was that more in the take rate or the loss rate? Thanks.
Bob Swan: I think the question is about Braintree and its impact on profitability. Its primarily a take rate dynamic. We've had rapid growth of Braintree. It contributed three points to the acceleration of Merchant Services growth. And as you probably remember, we monetize Braintree at a much lower level than PayPal. So rapid growth, much lower take rate has a impact on transaction margins in the quarter and going forward. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Schachter with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Ben Schachter - Macquarie: Hey guys. Can you remind us what are the key countries for the cross-border trade and how the FX fluctuations actually impact the operation in cross-border business? And then separately, there seems to be some conflicting information in the market about the tax implications regarding potential acquisition for eBay and/or PayPal. Can you help us understand if there are any waiting periods or any other issues we should understand around how potential buyers may be impacted in terms of the tax implications? Thanks.
Bob Swan: First on cross-border trade. As we indicated, cross-border accelerated in the quarter for the business overall where $13.9 billion of our volume was from cross-border trade. We have significant quarters from U.S. to Europe, from greater China to rest of the worlds fast developed markets and its been a source of growth for us in a way to give our merchants around the globe access to new markets that they otherwise did not access. So big part of the business, historically growth rates accelerating and we'd expect that to continue. In terms of currency movements, both our merchants and consumers are relatively quick at capitalizing on great deals. So the consumers that come to eBay looking for great deals, merchants are looking for how do I expand my services across the globe and anybodys weak currency is another -- is an opportunity for them to expand into markets with strong currencies. And we see that dynamic, merchants and consumers taking advantage of that over time and Q3 was no different. Your second question on tax implications. I would just simply say that, and maybe to state the obvious, we have a wonderful business with very low tax basis. And in the event that somebody were going to come along try to buy one of those businesses, there would be a significant tax liability associated with the acquisition of any one business between now and the time of separation. So thats the real tax consequences. What were focused on is trying to position both of these businesses for long term success. And what we indicated that we believe were able to do is effect the separation on a tax-free basis in the second half of 2015. So thats what were focused on and thats what we expect to do over the course of the next nine months or so.
John Donahoe: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark May with Citi. Your line is open.
Mark May - Citi: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to -- clarifying questions back on the SEO topic. So, earlier in the year I believe that Google made some changes that negatively impacted the Marketplaces and I think what you're talking about, there are some changes that you guys might make on your end that could create some additional new headwinds. So I was hoping you could elaborate on exactly what changes you might be making and why those would have a negative impact? And I know there are some estimates that are out there that SEO represents 15% to 20% of your traffic. Can you also help us think a little bit about the magnitude of the changes that you are contemplating doing on the Marketplaces business? And then just a quick additional question. I believe buybacks in the quarter were quite a bit lower than what we saw in the first half of the year. Is there anything that we should be reading into that this quarter? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Mark, Ill take the first. Bob, maybe you take the second. On the first point let me be really clear. Google made some SEO changes in May that had a significant negative impact on our SEO traffic. Anything weve been doing since then are trying to respond in a way that are consistent with the new rule changes. So were not doing anything other than trying to figure out how do we best take 800 million listings, which is unstructured data, and put them into the index in a way that allows steady significant traffic and growth. Second, Im not going to say how much our SEO traffic was, but its certainly less than what you said as a portion of our traffic.
Bob Swan: And your second question, Mark, on buybacks. We came into the year and the Board authorized an additional $5 billion share buyback. We aggressively executed against that in the first half of the year. So weve completed 3.5 billion out of the 5 billion and we have a little over $2 billion left on our outstanding authorization. We were not in the market in the third quarter maybe for obvious reasons. As we think about fourth quarter and going forward, we have $15 billion in cash. Our philosophy has been to maintain a conservative financial policy so we have the capacity to invest organically to make acquisitions that we think make sense and to opportunistically reduce our outstanding share count when we believe that the value the firm is not reflected in how the stock trades. Well continue to view it that way in the fourth quarter and going forward. We have a wonderful balance sheet. We have over $2 billion left on our authorization and well be opportunistic to reduce our share count as we see fit. So not a dramatic change. Q3 we're out of the market for obvious reasons.
Mark May - Citi: Okay.
Bob Swan: With that, operator, well wrap it up and we'll look forward to talk to you again January.
John Donahoe: Thank you. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for participating in today's program. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hudson - Vice President, Investor Relations John Donahoe - President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Swan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Company Mark May - Citi Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Brian Pitz - Jefferies Eric Sheridan - UBS Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the eBays Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tom Hudson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBays earnings release conference call for the second quarter 2014. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bobs prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. And all segments results are adjusted for the effects of foreign currency exchange. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of the conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the third quarter and full year 2014, the future growth in Payments, Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise businesses; the companys plans regarding its share repurchase programs; and the impact of the cyberattack on the companys results of operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons. You can find more information about the risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on our Form 10-Q available at the investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of todays date July 16, 2014 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn it over to John.
John Donahoe - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom and good afternoon everyone and welcome to our Q2 earnings call. We enabled $62 billion of commerce volume in the second quarter, up 26%. Mobile and cross-border trade continued to be major contributors to enabled commerce volume. Mobile attracted 6.6 million new buyers in Q2 and cross-border trade was up 26%. Overall, revenue was up 13% in Q2 and non-GAAP EPS was up 9%, and eBay and PayPal both generated double-digit customer growth, with PayPal surpassing more than 150 million active registered accounts. Our company faced two extraordinary events in the first half, the proxy fight in Q1 and the reset of eBay user passwords in Q2. In the phase of these challenges, we have remained focused on execution and we have maintained our strong commitment to creating sustainable value for all shareholders. As I said before, the proxy fight in Q1 gave us the chance to engage with our largest shareholders and hear whats most important to them. They told us three things. First, they see significant value creation in our plans and want us to execute. Second, they want us to aggressively pursue our announced $5 billion share buyback. And third, they believe that synergies make eBay and PayPal better together for now, but they want us to continue to be open-minded to alternatives. We agree with all three points. We are blessed with two great businesses and will continue to aggressively drive growth for PayPal and eBay investing to enable each business to fully capitalize on the respective growth opportunities and will continue to capitalize on our synergies. In addition, we and our Board will remain objective and open-minded in assessing alternatives, which we continue to do. We will make decisions that maximize long-term shareholder value and we will do whats best for PayPal and eBay to enhance their growth and competitive positions. Now with that, let me give you a little detail about the second quarter. PayPal had a great quarter. Merchant Services TPV grew 33% in Q2, accelerating for this fifth consecutive quarter. Revenue was up 20% on an FX neutral basis. And in spite of David Marcus unexpected departure in the quarter, the team did not miss a beat. They stayed focused, are executing well and PayPals momentum is accelerating. Increased consumer adoption and expanded merchant coverage help drive strong results. Braintree had a strong quarter gaining new merchants and accelerating growth. And Braintree just launched a new set of software tools that allow developers to integrate both Braintree and PayPal in a single integration into apps in less than 10 minutes. At eBay Marketplaces, global GMV grew 8% and revenue was up 6%. Top-rated Sellers in the U.S., UK and Germany grew their same-store sales 14% and our global fixed price volume was up 19%. Now, the cyberattack clearly impacted eBays performance in Q2. And Bob will speak to this in more detail in his remarks, but I want to provide a little context. For the first half of the quarter, eBay was performing in line with our expectations. Then in early May, we discovered unauthorized access to our corporate network. We subsequently found that an eBay database had been compromised. This database contained non-financial information on eBay users, including encrypted passwords. Now, I will reiterate that no financial information was compromised in this incident and we have no evidence that the compromised encrypted passwords were breached in anyway. But our focus was to do whats right for our customers and to ensure a safe and trusted marketplace. So, realizing the potential short-term impact to our business, we made the right decision to ask all eBay users to reset their passwords. Our focus is now on recovery. Buyers representing approximately 80%, 85% of affected volume, have reset their passwords, but some of these buyers have not yet returned to their previous activity levels. So, we are stepping up targeted marketing efforts in the second half to full reengage these and other users who have not yet reset their password. I am proud of the way the eBay team, which is dealing with these challenges, is working to get the business back on track. At eBay Enterprise, gross merchandise sales were up 15% and revenue was up 3%. We are thrilled to have Craig Hayman join the company from IBM as the new Head of eBay Enterprise. Craig brings the perfect blend of experience to lead this business going forward. Before closing, let me take a moment to highlight our continued progress in the four competitive battlegrounds: mobile, local, global, and data. In mobile, our total mobile volume grew 68% in Q2 and we have hit 260 million downloads of our apps. Mobile continues to dramatically influence consumer behavior. For instance, 59% of eBay buyers shopped across multiple screens in Q2 and PayPal mobile continues to accelerate its momentum, with PayPals mobile volume off of eBay now surpassing its mobile volume on eBay. We intend to continue to be a leader in the mobile commerce and mobile payment space. In local, eBay announced plans with Argos in the UK to expand Click & Collect to approximately 650 stores. The expansion puts this convenient shopping experience within 10 miles of most of the UK population. By year end, we expect 65,000 eBay sellers to offer items that can be purchased online and picked up at an Argos store. On the global front, cross-border trade continues to be a competitive strength. PayPal is accelerating this volume. In fact 79% of international shoppers identified PayPal as their preferred payment method when making cross-border purchases. To enhance the consumer experience PayPal is testing free returns on cross-border purchases in four European markets. And PayPals passport program was launched in Q2 to help merchants grow their cross-border businesses. And last but not least, data. We continue to leverage the power of our closed loop transaction data to help merchants grow and deliver better experiences for our customers. For example PayPal is now leveraging eBay Inc. wide data to extend credits to small merchants to help them grow. This program is now loaning $1 million a day to our small business merchants giving them access to much needed capital. In summary, we faced unexpected challenges in the first half, but our teams remain focused on execution and doing whats best for our customers and strong execution will continue to be our focus in the second half. Meanwhile, we will continue to invest for the long-term strengthening our core commerce platforms and positioning our company to win in the key competitive battlegrounds and we will stay focused on delivering sustainable shareholder value. Now I will turn it over to Bob who will provide more details on the quarter and then we will take your questions.
Bob Swan - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks John. During my discussion I will reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. As a strategic partner of choice for merchants of all sizes the role we play in global commerce continues to grow. eBays commerce ecosystem continued to gain share and enabled $62 billion of volume, up 26% at a take rate of 7.1% for the quarter. Our take rate declined 80 bps driven primarily by business mix as our fastest growing business PayPal has a lower take rate. Mobile ECV increased 68% to $12.3 billion representing 20% of volume. And cross-border trade grew 26% representing 13.4% - $13.4 billion or 22% of volume. Revenue increased 13% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.69, up 9%. We generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow and we executed $1.7 billion of our stock buyback program and had $2.2 billion left in our authorization for further repurchases. In Q2 we generated net revenues of $4.4 billion, up 13%. Organic revenue growth was 10% in the quarter. Currency contributed a little more than 1.5 points of growth while the Braintree acquisition added about 0.5 point. Second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.69, up 9% which was driven by solid top line growth, good productivity, the stock buyback and the weaker dollar which were partially offset by a lower take rate. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24.4%, down 190 basis points. The decline in operating margin was driven by expenses related to the cyberattack and increased investment to increase the vibrancy of the site, partially offset by an expanding PayPal transaction margin and good operating expense leverage across the company. Operating expenses were 45% of revenue, up 110 basis points due predominantly to increased investment in marketing. We generated free cash flow of $1.2 billion in the quarter. CapEx was 6% of revenue, lower than full year expectations due to investment timing. We continued to expect full year CapEx to be 7% to 9% of revenue. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $12.4 billion including approximately $2.6 billion in the U.S. We improved our financial flexibility funding 70% of the PayPal credit principal loan portfolio with offshore cash. In the quarter, we opportunistically repurchased 32.4 million shares of our common stock for approximately $1.7 billion. And we utilized $1.2 billion of commercial paper to fund the buyback. Now, lets take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had a great quarter. Revenue reached $1.9 billion, up 20% on an FX neutral basis. Revenue growth was mainly driven by accelerating Merchant Services growth, which included strong growth from PayPal credit. A few quick highlights on PayPal operating metrics. Total active accounts growth was 15%. TPV on an FX neutral basis grew 26%, driven primarily by continued expansion of PayPal on merchant sites around the world and a 260 basis point increase in PayPal penetration on eBay. Merchant Services FX neutral TPV accelerated 1 point to 33% in the quarter. Transaction margin increased 70 bps, resulting from an increase in our annual GE share gain, lower transaction expense and loss rates partially offset by a lower take rate from large merchant mix, losses on our foreign currency hedges and lower cross currency transaction growth. PayPal segment margin came in at 24.5% for the quarter, up 150 basis points. The increase was due primarily to a 70 bps increase in transaction margin and good operating leverage while we continue to invest in the business. Let me touch on a few quick highlights for our credit business. Credit is still in its early stage of growth. It allows PayPal and eBay merchants to increase their volume growth by providing financing choice to consumers. In addition, it improves the companys ability to manage its transaction expense. Bill Me Later TPV growth accelerated 5 points in the quarter driven by increased usage of eBay Inc. data for credit approvals as well as adding Bill Me Later on PayPals recurring subscription products. BML as a funding source represented a 4.9% share of U.S. addressable GMV and 2.5% share of Merchant Services U.S. TPV. Additionally, PayPal signed an agreement with GE Capital to extend our relationship, where we offer a dual-branded retail credit card. We also committed to purchase the associated loan portfolio in 2016 for an estimate of $1 billion based on the size of the portfolio at that time. This increases PayPals flexibility to expand its credit offerings to consumers and merchants, while improving its ability to manage transaction expense and reinvest back into the business to accelerate payment volume. Now, lets turn to the Marketplaces business. Marketplaces delivered $2.2 billion in revenue, which grew 6%, GMV grew 8%, and operating margin declined 340 basis points. It was a challenging quarter. As John indicated, we got off to a good start, but we had significant obstacles late May. The combination of the cyberattack and the Google SEO had an immediate and dramatic impact on GMV growth. June GMV growth was 7% driven by slower active buyer growth and lower conversion. In light of these events, we have made significant investments to get eBay users reengaged, including couponing, seller incentives and increased marketing spend. We have begun to see some recovery in the first part of July and we are confident we will get these challenges behind us, but it will take a bit longer and we will invest more as we work to get back to double-digit growth. Now, lets turn to eBay Enterprise. eBay Enterprise generated $940 million in gross merchandise sales for its clients. GMS grew 15% driven by the addition of new logos and same-store sales growth of 14%. Revenue was $267 million, up 3% driven by increased volume growth. Marketing services revenue growth continues to be impacted by replatforming and branding efforts to consolidate nine companies into one. Segment margin came in at 1.1%, flat year-over-year. Now, let me turn to guidance. We have had a challenging start to the year. As we entered the second half, our PayPal business has good momentum, our eBay Enterprise business has stabilized, but our Marketplaces business has to dig out of a hole. While we are confident we will work through the global password reset and the SEO changes it will take longer and cost more. As a result we are lowering our high end full year revenue guidance by $200 million from $18.5 billion to $18.3 billion. We are now at $18 billion to $18.3 billion representing growth of 12% to 14%. We are maintaining our full year non-GAAP EPS guidance of $2.95 to $3 per share, representing growth of 9% to 11%. We expect that PayPals strong operating leverage and a lower share count will offset the impact of the slower revenue growth. For the third quarter of 2014 we expect revenue of $4.3 billion to $4.4 billion representing growth of 10% to 13%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.65 to $$0.67, representing growth of 2% to 5%. In summary, we had a challenging first half of the year with several distractions. However, through the first six months of the year we enabled $120 billion of volume, 13% revenue growth and we met our EPS commitments and we delivered $2.2 billion of free cash flow and bought back $3.5 billion of stock. This is a testament to the power of the portfolio and the resiliency of our team. And now we would be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask about Marketplaces and I understand that you are talking about how take longer and cost more a dig out I know thats sort of mission number one right now, but what are you most excited about in the Marketplaces business in terms of the initiatives and if we think about some of the things we have heard about recently in terms of data and personalized feed and search and driving more merchant selection what do you think are kind of the hooks that can get you back up into the overall ecommerce growth rates on an overall basis. And I guess as part of that are there initiatives that can offset the decline that you are seeing in the options business because obviously fixed price is certainly above perhaps industry growth rates? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Yes. Doug I think I would just go to the competitive battlegrounds where this was really driving a lot of our investment in the Marketplaces business. So mobile continues to be an important area of focus. We are continuing to update and iterate on our smartphone mobile apps, our tablet mobile apps. Whats interesting is as I mentioned almost 60% of consumers are now using multiple screens and shopping experiences. So we are bringing the mobile experiences together so that you can have a core and seamless experience. Global we are continuing to expand globally. Our cross-border business continues to be quite strong. We launched Portuguese and Spanish languages to our global buying hub during the second quarter, which now allows sellers in those markets to lift in buyers in markets with those languages to buy. And we believe that will fuel greater cross-border trade which is already seeing some good signs on that. Our data as you mentioned is the key area of focus and there are three of four areas we are leveraging our data more effectively than we ever have been. One is on our personalization as you mentioned the feed, the ability to offer personalized offers and a personalized set of recommendations as well as the engagement features you are seeing at the top of the funnel, so whether thats collections or curation or other things that engage consumers based on our collective data as well as individual data. And then we never take our eyes off the fundamentals in the Marketplace business because improvements in search still really move the needle, improvements in trust still move the needle. Our selection has never been higher. We have now got 80 retailers on eBay and we are adding additional brands and designers and others to bring the best and widest selection. So, yes, we got a couple of body blows in Q2 with they are having to reset the passwords and the SEO change, but we are continuing to invest in this business and we think its going to be us one of the winners in e-commerce and we will have strong double-digit growth. Thats our goal. We are focused on it. We still believe thats achievable.
Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan: And just as a follow-up there
Bob Swan: Yes, so, just the, Doug, the fixed price growth that you highlighted, John talked about strong double-digit growth. Again, we saw continued strong growth in fixed price and our challenge as you know is always to give consumers choice on what is most relevant for them for the particular occasion. And what we continue to see is the mainstream consumer shopping online looks for convenience as a key variable. We need to give them that opportunity. At the same time, we continue things like the feed and broad-based selection in the alternative format of auction continues to be an important format, but consumers keep choosing fixed price as the key shopping format for them.
Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan: And anymore color that you can share just on the international detail in particular, is there disparity between the way the international markets have come back in June around just the cyberattack and the SEO changes?
Bob Swan: Yes. There is  so couple of things very consistent and then slight deviation by geography. The consistency was quick, swift and immediate impact when we know  when we were not letting people in the door until they reset their password and/or we werent getting the new buyer traffic from SEO. That impacted us immediately in the latter part of May. And then we gradually started to kind of stabilize and grow lot of it in June and then as I indicated continued into July. Those common  those common threads were kind of around the globe with two exceptions. One, our Asia business was not impacted as much obviously, Korea is on a different platform. So, they were not affected as much. And I think  and I think in Europe, while we are immediately impacted and things have gotten better, the recovery has been a little bit slower than it has been here in the U.S. Those are two kind of geographic differences I would highlight, Doug.
Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. John, with regard to the widening gap and enabled e-commerce growth, which despite all the issues you talked about actually stayed pretty steady this quarter and revenue growth. Would you rank order the contributors to that gap and provide some clarity on which ones you feel like are one-off like the step up changes versus ongoing like the mix shift that we have been between payments? And then Bob as you could, could you give us just any sense as to whether or not there is a change in the way that you are thinking about the cash that you took the non-tax or non-cash tax charge on in 1Q and just sort of your cash balance debt ratios in general?
John Donahoe: Sure. As you said our growth, the growth our platforms are enabling, I dont think has ever been stronger. So, the core essence of capitalizing on this convergence of online and offline or convergence I should say of online mobile and offline, I dont think has ever been stronger. And you see that in the 26% growth. The biggest contributors to obviously that the blended take rate across the portfolio was coming down and PayPal, you just sort of picked that apart, PayPal, which is our lowest take rate business is growing the fastest. And then within PayPal, large merchants which have the lowest take rate are growing the fastest. Braintree is actually growing event faster, but then thats probably the lowest take rate thats growing even faster. And so the net effect inside of PayPal is what I would characterize it as a declining healthy take rate, a take rate thats reflective of strong growth in the segments that we want. And then in the Marketplace businesses, we have got a couple effects here going on, this impacting monetization, one you referenced StubHub, where to be clear, we have a leadership position, someone  couple of competitors have lowered price a little bit and so we are going to fight and compete to maintain our leadership position. We have done that in Q1 and we see the value of that in Q2 of holding or gaining share that hurts our revenue in the short-term, that hurts our margin in the short-term, but we believe it protects the long-term franchise of whats a great business. Advertising, one of the implications of this mix shift to more mobile is we have made a decision on mobile to have no or very low ads to-date. We think thats been essential to our frictionless mobile experience thats helped to drive our mobile volumes, but has lower overall monetization. We will begin to  on mobile now you  there is some I think tasteful ways to begin to add some ads into a mobile experience, it doesnt detract and we will be experimenting with those in Q3 and Q4. And those are the major I feel those are the major efforts, so or the things impacting take rates so revenue growth versus volume.
Bob Swan: I think in terms of John hit the priorities Heath, 26% growth enabled commerce volume driven by 33% growth in merchant services TPV. So our success on merchant services growth is the biggest contributor to  an overall lower take rate. And then secondly John as you said that our success in larger retailers and brands within merchant service business led to a lower take rate, so those two are the fundamental biggest drivers. On your second question just non-cash charge how we are thinking about, how we are thinking about cash, we made a  we took a non-cash charge in the first quarter as you know because in light of series of events and circumstances in the quarter, we no longer felt like we could support our historical election that our offshore earnings would be permanently reinvested. So in light of that and the series of events in the quarter we took a non-cash charge. So we have more flexibility to use that offshore cash domestically if we  when we need it. However, two things to be clear, what we said at the time is this is not an indication that we are contemplating a large U.S. acquisition that was true then and thats true  its true now. But we are continuing to execute on our $5 billion share purchase program. We did another $1.7 billion in the second quarter. We have now bought back $3.5 billion of stock in the first half of the year. We have used our U.S. cash and commercial paper  our access to commercial paper in the second quarter to finance that $3.5 billion. So where we sit today, we obviously will continue to be an acquisitive company here domestically, but we are not anticipating anything of the size and we will continue to opportunistically buyback stock and complete our remaining authorization. But the good news is right now we still have $2.6 billion of U.S. cash and significant access to commercial paper markets and we have significant debt capacity left. So as we evaluate decisions in front of us we always look at the most efficient and effective use of cash available to us and we have lots of levers, lots of the availability.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks Bob. Thanks John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird & Company. Your line is open.
Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Company: Thanks. I have a couple of question. I guess first is a follow-up on the May issues, I wonder if the implied Q4 guidance assumes the recovery back to normalized Marketplace volumes and margins. And then secondly from a bigger picture perspective just want to ask about the in-store initiatives for both Marketplaces and Payments which obviously was a fairly important issue in the past and may still be, but I am wondering if some of your investments here particularly on the payments side are moving to the back burner as you see some better traction and cross-border trade and other areas? Thanks.
Bob Swan: John maybe I will handle the first one and you can handle the second. Colin the short answer is yes in our implied guidance there is an acceleration from Q3 to Q4. Stepping back from that in effect what it suggests though is first half growth rate roughly equal to a second half growth rate, but you have a bit of a Divit in the second quarter as we talked about than we anticipate as we invest further recovery, there will also be a bit of a Divit in the third quarter. And as we exited third quarter into fourth quarter, the acceleration is really going to be driven by few things. One, continued and increased seasonality of our business, as PayPal Merchant Services grow as is a company we get more exposure to larger retailers and brands. There is a increased seasonality component of our business that will benefit from Q3 to Q4. Second, as John indicated, Braintree, we expect to continue to grow into the second half of the year and how we have monetized Braintree will continue to expand going into the second half of the year, including from Q3 to Q4. Third, we expect continued PayPal momentum in the second half of the year. And then fourth, we are looking at modest acceleration of marketplace from Q3 to Q4. But at this stage, we are really focused on addressing the short-term issues in front of us and our guidance implies it will be a marginal acceleration from marketplace, but not dramatic Q3 to Q4.
John Donahoe: And then Colin on your second question around in-store, you hit the nail on the head in the following sense that the way we look at this is we have got online or e-commerce, where we are the leader and thats a roughly $1 trillion market. And we used to think of offline as everything else and now we break that down into two categories. Mobile-enabled commerce, which is roughly half of what used  we used to call offline kind of thats roughly $4 trillion, takes us from a $1 trillion to $5 trillion and then the stuff going on in the physical stores. And as we learned along the last couple of years, whats very clear to us is that consumers are using their mobile devices more than ever before and thats become our top priority, the mobile-enabled commerce. And that has real traction. And you see us shifting our investment toward that by something like the acquisition of Braintree or which PayPal in-store experiences were prioritizing, they are ones that tend to be on the mobile-enabled experiences like order ahead or order from table. And by buying Braintree, we are now  we are central to the major apps in the sharing economy like your B&B. And then the last piece that this stuff is actually happening at the point of sale in the physical stores and change is frankly just happening more slowly there. Ultimately, it will, but we are using more of a test and learn approach there, where we are working with a couple of retailers to try to get their in-store experience in a form or format that consumers can relate to and the retailers and their employees and the whole experience can come together. And so, an example lets say in the marketplace where we are seeing a lot of traction in the UK around Click & Collect or buy online pickup in store, so see us doubling down on that as were the same day delivery like eBay now, we see good consumer demand for that, but its not  it doesnt have quite the same electric traction that Click & Collect does. So, we are continuing to move in the general space. We think there is a lot of opportunity, but we just shift our investment toward the things that have traction and we are keeping a more test and learn steady pace on the ones that dont.
Bob Swan: And the only other thing I would add to that is what we see and where testing and learning is important to us is more when its technology-enabled data information is a key variable and where we can use other peoples assets, whether its excess capacity in somebody elses carrier network and/or excess capacity in somebody elses warehouse source or small store. For us, these test and learn on the edge is around technology and data and leveraging other peoples assets in capacity. Thats where we think that we are going to test and learn more and have a real differentiated proposition.
Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Company: Okay, thanks very much guys.
Bob Swan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark May with Citi. Your line is open.
Mark May - Citi: Thank you. Some further questions on Marketplace if I could, it seems like the deceleration in Marketplace revenues was more notable in the international segment versus the domestic segment, did the password security and Google issues have a greater impact outside the U.S. And then secondly what I think you said 7% GMV growth in June what kind of GMV growth assumptions are you making in your Q3 guidance and then your calendar 14 I guess implied Q4 guide. And then one quick last one, given the early results of the PayPal brand marketing campaign which I believe began in the April-May timeframe, should we assume that you will be accelerating or decelerating the pace of spend there in the second half of the year?
Bob Swan: Mark, okay let me try. I think first from a volume perspective on GMV in the Marketplace, again immediate impact around the globe with the exception of Asia, in particular Korea a  begin a recovery in June, a bit of a stability and some momentum coming into the month of July, as I indicated those were fairly consistent. The recovery in Europe is a little bit slower than in the U.S. and therefore kind of Q-on-Q growth rates for volume were down.
John Donahoe: Can I just add on that before get to the second Bob and part of what drove that market is media in the UK  the media in Europe is definitely more privacy sensitive. And the EU there was all sorts of talk from legislators and regulators. And so the whole thing got a lot more media particularly in Germany to the UK to lesser extent. And so I think that got the recovery going more slowly, I think there is no doubt that. But now I think the trend is good, but its definitely running behind and partly driven by just the environment of Europe around these cyberattacks.
Mark May - Citi: That makes sense. I mean we are surprised in the
Bob Swan: Thats a bit on the volumes, so I think on revenue or transaction revenue just a bit differently in terms of volume to revenue international versus the U.S. And whats different there is we had a great business here called StubHub in the U.S. and as we talked last quarter the take rate on StubHub comes from recent changes that we made are lower. And therefore that is a gap between volume and revenue in the U.S. The second thing is we got a wonderful daily deals business where its bigger here in the U.S. We continue to get great traction and that daily deals format is a slightly lower monetization so those two dynamics from a volume to a revenue standpoint are a bit different here in the U.S. It has that gap a little bit wider. I think the second question was may have already answered it, but U.S. GMV we said our GMV in particular we said was kind of stable in the first part of the quarter and it dropped to 7% in the month of June and we have seen some recovery into July and although as usual all those impacts in trends are the kind of things that we incorporate into our guidance to give you the best kind of best snapshot that we have.
John Donahoe: Brand campaign maybe I will just comment as you mentioned Mark, PayPal is running its first ever global brand campaign powering the people economy. Its been going into four markets thus far, very hard to read early on but the early qualitative data we have gotten back is strong. And we will continue that in the second half. Its one of the things we talked about one of the areas we are investing in PayPal this year is really for the first time ever beginning to do some marketing, so. Thanks.
Mark May - Citi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. We saw that merchant services growth accelerating, can you tell us about some client wins or initiatives to help that accelerate and do you think that thats the sign of maybe the overall broader markets and you are getting a little bit better off of maybe a soft 1Q? Thank you.
Bob Swan: Well tag team, John. First, Justin, I think what you have seen for the last five or so quarters, I think whether its 26 to 29 to 30 or 1 to 2 to 3 that is indicative of really what we have said are three things, more ubiquity. So, PayPal being accepted increasingly on merchant sites and I wouldnt necessarily point to a particular name, brand or retailer, I would just say that we continue the march to have PayPal offered on all merchant sites large, medium and small domestically and around the globe and thats the core kind of playbook on the merchant side of the equation. On the other side of the equation, it just increasingly give consumers the chance or the opportunity to select PayPal when we are offered and getting better and more consistent cleaner placement. So, those two dynamics are the core fundamentals of merchant ubiquity consumer use. The other one I wont belabor, but John talked about Braintree and expanding our network into the shared economy, where mobile is really the key leadership vector and thats one thats been an important source of growth to us in a real important leadership position as well.
John Donahoe: One of the interesting things and it goes back to one of the earlier questions that as this omni-channel world has played its way out thus far, whats tended to happen is less that people are buying in the different way when the physical stores more that they are actually buying more on the web or on their mobile phones even if its on the retailers website. And so thats bulls eye into PayPals core products. And so its our core products that are in the right place at the right time and in particular mobile payments just continues to be really strong in the fact that PayPal when you pay in a mobile phone, you dont have to enter in your credit card information, its one click payments, it stays, so your financial information never flows through the cellular network or into your phone. And I think consumers are really responding by high conversion rates on mobile. So, PayPal web, PayPal mobile is driving that strong performance and will continue to  I think we see good momentum and we expect that to continue.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Bob Swan: Feature functionality like credit growth expanding our served market geographically we announced 10 whether or not obviously needle movers in the quarter, but 10 new markets in PayPal during the course of the quarter and then P-to-P payments part of Braintree and Venmo and PayPals P-to-P payments on mobile devices are feature functionality that drive adoption in the ecosystem.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
John Donahoe: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Pitz with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Pitz - Jefferies: Great, thanks for the questions. Can you give us more color on your new partnership with Sothebys and how you believe it may impact your auctions business? And separately, any update on PayPal Beacon, what has been the level of interest from merchants thus far? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Yes, Brian. We announced earlier this week our partnership with Sothebys, which we are very excited about, because in many ways it brings  its a great example of two parties bringing their core capabilities together to create I think even better experiences for both buyers and sellers. Obviously, Sothebys is one of if not the best in the world at in person auctions. They have a seller base if you will what we would call sellers, but a provider base that provides outstanding inventory, unique inventory and inventory that often begs for a global market. And what we can bring obviously is a strong technology platform that can help enable that Sothebys inventory to get access to global buyers in a safe and effective and convenient way. So, we are excited about it. And we think its a nice way to blend our core competences, Bob talked about technology and data with someone elses assets in this case through inventory. And then second question was Beacon, Beacon fits right in that test and learn bucket I talked about earlier, which is how do we find a couple of examples of small places, where we are putting Beacon in, where we are working with the merchant, with consumers to see if we can provide a great experience that consumers like and the merchants able to follow through on. And there has been a lot of interest in it. And but its still on the test and learn, test and learn stage. I think whats happening in the physical store point of sale world is there is a lot of interest in these things, but executing them and pulling them off is a lot of hard work. And we have recognized that, I think retailers recognized that, so we are working in a few targeted areas to work it out iterate, learn, iterate learn. And I have no doubt over the next several years we are going to find product market solutions here that will be quite scalable.
Brian Pitz - Jefferies: Great. Thanks.
John Donahoe: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan - UBS: Thanks for taking the question. John on the PayPal search wondering if we can get an update on what you sort of might be looking for new head of PayPal, any sense you can give us around timing of naming someone to that post and are you thinking about going after that search. And then second, maybe more for Bob as you dialed up the marketing on the Marketplace aside to sort  get sort of a normalized state for the Marketplaces business, is there anything you are learning from an ROI basis about deploying more capital to from a growth that you might want to continue as Marketplaces gets back to a more normalized rate which could actually lead to Marketplaces growing faster but maybe a slightly lower margin going forward as we exit 14 and go into 15? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Eric on the PayPals search using almost virtually the same approach I did last time in that in the first month all of the focus is on execution not on the search. And I must say that PayPal leadership team is stepping up wonderfully very similar to what they did 2.5, 3 years ago. And execution I think has gotten even better. So the good news is that the strong team thats got a great diversity of skills on it and its a team that had a lot of confidence on. And then with respect to the search over the next couple of months I will work with them and others to identify what are the characteristics that we think are  should embodied in the next leader of PayPal. And I will make a selection and we will let you know when I do that. There is one thing I will say is that you need a portfolio of skills to run a highly innovative business of scale and the good news is regardless that we take is the President of that team has a strong portfolio of skills within him. So I think it gives us a nice degrees of freedom.
Bob Swan: And (indiscernible) tall buildings and single bounds I think is one of the criteria. Eric on your second question marketing ROI to drive growth, this maybe a generic and a couple of specifics, I think generically last year and coming into this year one of our learnings on the analytical ROI equation is we have probably been two types in managing the ROI and as a result while our margins last year were at the high of our kind of historical range, we came into this year saying that we are going to be investing more in the marketing as a percentage of total to drive more demand. That was kind of one of those generic learnings from last year to this year. So pre-password reset and SEO we were in fact stepping up our level of spend. In terms of how we drive traffic more specifically, obviously we got a great brand, so the majority of our traffic continues to come direct because of the eBay brand. And then on keyword buy being less generic about where it makes sense and more specific and particular geographies is one of the test and learn things we do take of a generic spend to be more specific. And then third is CRM, all of this data that we accumulate on this site we are going to be increasingly smarter and sharper about how do we use that data to reach back out directly with CRM and email campaigns to bring that traffic back to the site. And then fourth one I would just say is we continue to in the test and learn bucket that John highlighted is social, how do we divert or reallocate some of our money to more social channels to drive engagement and curation.
Tom Hudson: Can we take one more question?
John Donahoe: Yes.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Gil Luria with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Thanks for taking my question. You talked about the fact that SEO and the breach are fairly fleeting phenomena, you expect them to kind of ramp out in Q3, how about StubHub, the topic you talked more about in Q1, how much of the decline in growth rates in marketplace is attributable to those changes in that market and the changes in your pricing? And have you bought them down yet there or are you still competing very hard and harder as the year goes along?
John Donahoe: Maybe Bob, I will take the second part of that and you take the first. The StubHub, so the thing we did at StubHub earlier in the year was we went to all-in pricing. For the last several years, one of the things we have heard about from buyers in the secondary ticket market is they hate the fees and the fees would come at checkout. And it felt like a surprise. And so after we have been testing the last couple of years in StubHub, its a very much a consumer driven business. Right, we have great buyer experience, we back it up, make it right. And so we made a decision to go to all-in pricing. So, we showed buyers what the true cost is going to be all the way through. At the same time, there was a competitor too that came in with slightly lower take rates and they didnt have all-in pricing. So, the perception out of the gate was that StubHub tickets and StubHub cost more when in reality other than a couple of percentage point take rate difference that wasnt the case. So, what we have done is we have said you know what we have got a leadership position here, a leadership franchise. We are going to make sure we compete aggressively. And so it is an outstanding take rate business. We have lowered our take rate. Its still a very good take rate business. And we are competing. And we feel comfortable and good about how we are competing in the effectiveness. We think we have  we are going to be  our leadership position is strong, we think we will continue it, but for the next couple of quarters when we are lapping, they will be lower revenue growth and lower margin growth, but we are building a leadership position thats going to sustain for many years to come in what is a fundamentally good business and a business that we believe will grow over time and have very good economics over time.
Bob Swan: Just two other things I would add is its a business where the majority of the traffic is now coming from mobile even more so than other platforms. And the team has been investing and when that traffic comes, the right landing page for the mobile user has been a big component. And then the growth rate from Q1 John talked about kind of the take rate and the competitiveness, I think what we saw Q1 to Q2 is a rebound in the growth rate and our expectations are in light of the things that we have done that, that growth rate, volume growth rate will continue, but we will have a take rate degradation year-on-year for another two more quarters.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Got it.
Bob Swan: Great, thanks a lot. Thanks everybody.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Thank you, John.
John Donahoe: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Tom Hudson - Investor Relations John Donahoe - President and CEO Bob Swan - CFO 
Analysts:  Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the eBay's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay earnings release conference call for the first quarter 2014. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay Web site at investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our Investor Relations website for the latest Company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of today's conference call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in a slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements related to our future performance that are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full year 2014, the future growth in Payments, Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise businesses; and the Company's plans regarding its share repurchase program. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in political, business and economic conditions, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, our need to successfully react to the increasing importance of mobile payments and commerce and increasing social aspect of commerce; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; changes to our Company's capital allocation or management of operating cash, the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity. Our need to manage regulatory tax and litigation risks including risks specific to PayPal and Bill Me Later. Our needs to timely upgrade and develop our systems, infrastructure and customer service capabilities at reasonable cost, while maintaining site stability and performance and adding new products and features. Our ability to integrate, manage and grow businesses recently acquired or that maybe acquired in the future. You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 29, 2014 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information.  With that let me turn the call over to John. 
John Donahoe: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our Q1 earnings call. We had an eventful first quarter to say the least. And I'm pleased that despite the potential distractions of our proxy fight, our team stayed focused and delivered strong results. We enabled $58 billion of commerce volume in the first quarter, up 24%. Mobile and cross-border trade continued to be major contributors to enabled commerce volume, underscoring the strength of our commerce platforms and our mobile commerce capabilities. Overall, revenue was up 14% in Q1 and non-GAAP EPS was up 11%, and eBay and PayPal both generated double-digit customer growth. I want to take a moment to talk about our proxy fight and our strong commitment to creating sustainable value for all shareholders. This process afforded us a great opportunity to engage with our largest shareholders and listen to what's important to them. They told us four things. First, they want us to execute on our plans because they see significant value creation in those plans, so do we. Second, they applauded our announced $5 billion share buyback and they encouraged us to execute aggressively. Third, they affirmed that eBay and PayPal are better together and that full separation doesn't make sense at this point and they reinforced our commitment to continue to assess our strategic alternatives over time. And fourth, they encouraged us to get this distraction behind us and focus on growing the business. This is what we heard and this is exactly what we're doing. First, our teams did in fact focus on execution during Q1 and delivered a strong start to the year. Second, we executed 1.8 billion in share repurchases in the first quarter. We also announced today that we're taking a non-cash tax charge to facilitate the repatriation of approximately $6 billion net in foreign earnings. This decision increases our available U.S. cash and enhances our financial flexibility. Bob will talk more about this in a couple of minutes. Third, we agree that our Company is better together for now. eBay and PayPal are both great businesses and they support and reinforce each other. We will continue to aggressively drive synergies that enhance our overall growth and competitive position. And our board is committed to continuing to evaluate all strategic options over time. We will make the right long-term decisions for shareholders. And finally, we have put this distraction behind us. With our agreement with Carl Icahn who now is a long-term investor in eBay, our full attention is focused on growth and execution. And we're delighted to have Dave Dorman join our board as a highly qualified and experienced Independent Director. I know that we'll benefit from Dave's insight and expertise. So with that, let me give you a little bit more detail on the first quarter.  At PayPal, Merchant Services TPV grew 32%, accelerating for the fourth consecutive quarter. Revenue was up 20% on an FX neutral basis. Increased consumer adoption, expanded merchant coverage and Braintree volume help drive strong growth. At eBay Marketplaces revenues was up 9% and global GMV grew 11%. We continue to invest in marketing, trust and technology to enable merchants to compete more effectively and to create great experiences for consumers. eBay's Top-Rated Sellers in the U.S., U.K. and Germany grew same-store sales 19% sharply ahead of ecommerce growth. At eBay Enterprise, gross merchandise sales were up 16% and revenue was up 8%. In Q1 we began integrating Magento into eBay Enterprise better utilizing this business to provide scalable commerce solutions to merchants of all sizes. I'd like to take a minute to highlight our progress in the four competitive battlegrounds -- mobile, local, global and data. In mobile, PayPal and eBay continue to lead. In the first quarter we enabled $11 billion of mobile commerce volume up 70% and we added 6.5 million new customers via mobile in Q1. We also announced innovative mobile partnerships with industry leaders, Samsung and Deutsche Telekom. PayPal is now the first global payment company to enable finger print authentication for payments on the new Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone. And Deutsche Telekom's 144 million customers will soon be able to make purchases directly to their mobile phone account with PayPal. On the local front, we're seeing great consumer engagement with our Argos Click & Collect partnership in the U.K. eBay customers can buy from more than 100 sellers and collect their purchases in more than 100 Argos stores across the U.K. We currently have more than 6 million listings enabled with Click & Collect. And in the U.S. eBay is pursuing a similar buy online pick-up in store local commerce strategy with select retail partners. And both eBay and PayPal continue to test and learn from various local initiatives designed to offer consumers choice and flexibility and enable retail partners to compete effectively and drive consumer engagement. On the global front, cross-border trade continues to be a competitive strength of our eBay and PayPal platforms. Exports from China are strong with eBay and PayPal connecting Chinese merchants to tens of millions of consumers worldwide. And on eBay, we continue to make it easier for sellers to reach consumers all over the world with expansion of our global shipping program to 53 countries now at the end of Q1. And last on the data front, our eBay and PayPal teams are working closely to leverage our closed transaction data where appropriate. For example, PayPal uses eBay data to improve risk algorithms and make better decisions, particularly for new mobile and international transactions. In summary, we remain focused on capitalizing on our strengths, seizing opportunities in the global commerce market and executing our strategies with discipline every day. We will continue to invest for the long-term strengthening our core commerce platforms and positioning our Company to win in the key competitive battlegrounds. Now I'll turn it over to Bob who'll provide more details on the quarter, and then we'll take questions.
Bob Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. We've made some changes to our reported business metrics and financials to simplify reporting and to better align with the internal focus to the business units. You can find a list of the changes in the appendix of the presentation. As the strategic partner of choice for merchants of all sizes, the role we play in global commerce continues to grow. We enabled $58 billion of commerce volume, up 24% at a take rate of 7.3% in the quarter. Our take rate declined 70 bps driven by business mix as our fastest growing business PayPal has a lower take rate. Revenue increased 14% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.70, up 11%. We generated 968 million of free cash flow. And as John mentioned earlier, we executed $1.8 billion of our stock buyback program and have $3.8 billion left in our authorization for further repurchases. In Q1, we generated net revenues of 4.3 billion, up 14%. Organic revenue growth was 13% in the quarter. The Braintree acquisition and currency each contributed about 0.5 point of growth. First quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.70, up 11%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.9%, down 50 basis points. Our operating margin was driven by good operating expense leverage, while we continue to grow our investments. Operating expenses in the quarter were 42% of revenue, down 30 basis points. Our operating cost leverage was offset by increased marketing spend and proxy related cost. We generated free cash flow of 968 million in the quarter. CapEx was 5% of revenue, lower than full year expectations due to timing of investments, and we continue to expect the full year CapEx to be 7% to 9% of revenue. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of 11.9 billion including approximately 2.2 billion in the U.S.  We improved our financial flexibility, funding 69% of the PayPal credit principal loan portfolio with offshore cash. And in the quarter, we opportunistically repurchased 33.1 million shares of our common stock for approximately $1.8 billion. We made two changes in the quarter, both of which will increase our U.S. financial flexibility. First, a discrete GAAP tax related charge of $3 billion on $9 billion of foreign earnings, which will enable us to deploy approximately $6 billion net in foreign earnings in the U.S. And second, our 2014 foreign tax election will allow us to return a greater portion of foreign earnings going forward. Related to this foreign tax election change, we anticipate that our non-GAAP effective tax rate will increase by more than a point for 2014. Our capital allocation philosophy has been to maintain our financial flexibility to capitalize on opportunities as they arise. The reality is, we're seeing growing opportunities in the U.S. We announced the large stock buyback in the quarter and we are executing aggressively. Additionally, we're an acquisitive company and we need to ensure we have the resources available to capitalize on targets that become available both domestically and abroad. Just to be clear, we are not announcing any large U.S. based acquisition nor are we committing to finance our share buyback with offshore cash. What we are doing is ensuring we have the capital available for U.S. needs. In light of the sequence of events in the quarter and the opportunities in front of us, we now have greater financial flexibility to capitalize on them. Now let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had a strong quarter. Revenue reached 1.8 billion, up 20% on an FX neutral basis. Revenue growth was driven by accelerating Merchant Services growth and solid growth on eBay. A few quick highlights on PayPal operating metrics. Total active accounts growth was 16%. TPV on an FX neutral basis grew 26%, driven primarily by the addition of Braintree, continued expansion of PayPal on merchant sites around the world and a 200 basis point increase in PayPal penetration on eBay. Merchant Services FX neutral TPV accelerated 1 point to 32% in the quarter. Transaction margin increased 20 bps, resulting from lower transaction expense and loss rate, partially offset by a lower take rate from large merchant mix, losses on our foreign currency hedges and lower cross currency transaction growth. PayPal segment margin committed 25.7% for the quarter, up 160 basis points. The increase was due primarily to a slightly higher transaction margin and significant operating leverage while we continue to invest in the business. We expect investments to continue to ramp during the year.   Let me touch on a few quick highlights for our PayPal credit offerings. Credit is still a relatively new flywheel and in its early stages of growth. It allows eBay to increase its volume growth by providing financing choice to consumers and opportunities to merchants. In addition, it improves the Company's ability to manage its transaction expense. BML TPV growth accelerated 2 points in the quarter. And Bill Me Later as a funding source was a 4.4% share of U.S. addressable GMV and 2.1% share of Merchant Services U.S. TPV. Now let's move the Marketplaces. Marketplaces delivered net revenues of 2.2 billion, up 9% on an FX neutral basis. Transaction revenue grew 10% and marketing services revenue grew 4% on an FX neutral basis. A few quick highlights on Marketplace operational metrics. Active buyers grew 14% to 145 million. FX neutral GMV was 11%, which decelerated one point from Q4 as international strength was partially offset by a deceleration in the U.S. Let me provide a little more color on the U.S. performance. Fixed-price, which represents 76% of our business grew 19%, but auction volume declined 9 points due to changes in consumer preference and slower consumer selling. In addition, there was a material deceleration at StubHub due to competitive dynamics and a change we made to all-in pricing. The combination of slower U.S. growth, a significant deceleration at StubHub, which is our highest take rate business, and StubHub fee changes resulted in U.S. transaction revenue growth decline of seven points. We expect the fee changes at StubHub to impact U.S. transaction revenue for the remainder of the year.Marketplaces segment margin was 39.7% in Q1, down 240 basis points from last year, primarily due to investments in trust and marketing. Now let's turn to eBay Enterprise. eBay Enterprise generated 936 million in gross merchandise sales for its clients. GMS grew 16% driven by the addition of new logos and same-store sales growth of 11%. Revenue was 269 million, up 8%, driven by increased volume growth. Marketing services revenue growth continues to be impacted by replatforming and branding efforts to consolidate nine separate companies into one. Segment margin came in at 4.7%, up 520 basis points. Now let me turn to guidance. We feel good about the start of the year and we are maintaining our full year non-GAAP guidance. Let me provide you a little more context. First, we had a solid start to the year with some of the benefit from delayed spending at PayPal. Second, we were opportunistic buying back shares of our stock in the quarter and this will be offset by the increased tax rate from the change in our foreign tax election. Third, we have and will continue to protect our franchise and make fee changes as appropriate to compete and win, much like the changes we are making at StubHub for the year. And finally, favorable currency tailwinds will be offset by our higher proxy related costs. So, for the full year 2014 we expect revenue of 18 billion to 18.5 billion, representing growth of 12% to 15%. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $2.95 to $3 a share, representing growth of 9% to 11%. And we now expect our full year 2014 non-GAAP tax rate to be in the range of 20% to 21%. For the second quarter 2014 we expect revenue of 4.325 billion to 4.425 billion, representing growth of 12% to 14%, and we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.67 to $0.69, representing growth of 7% to 10%.   So in summary, the role we play in global commerce continues to grow as measured by our enabled commerce volume growth. Our portfolio has been constructed to position us for these trends and to compete and win. We believe our unique set of capabilities work best together to enable our partner's success and therefore our own. Given our increased U.S. opportunities, we have changed our tax election which has increased our available U.S. cash and enhanced our financial flexibility. We continue investing for the long-term, strengthening our core commerce ecosystem, focused on key battlegrounds of mobile, local, global and data. Now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Fodor with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research: Thanks for taking my question. Bob you alluded just now to making fee changes as necessary. Can you just provide a little more color here like across, which segment Marketplaces or Payments? And I'd imagine there is some type of catalyst you're seeing out there that is driving this. Can you shed a little more color there? Thanks.
Bob Swan:  Glenn, let me provide generic and then specific. Generic as we've always said is that we think we have a wonderful franchise and along the way we will take the competitive actions necessary to protect and extend that franchise. You've seen that along the way whether it was changing upfront fees to backend fees or lowering fees in marketplace. Or along the way we've continued to competitively invest in a lower take rate to drive more ubiquity of PayPal with large merchants. So, I think generically stated, we continue to make investments with fees that are competitive relative to the value proposition that we provide. More specifically, this year we have made changes to StubHub's fee structure. The fact is we are going to lower fees and that lowering of fees this year will have a reasonable impact on our overall revenue for the year. And we're doing it because we've built a great franchise. Now, we're going to invest to protect and extent that franchise to be the leader in secondary tickets going forward, but it will have an impact both on revenue and earnings for the year. And despite that, despite those actions to protect our position we'll maintain our full year guidance on top and bottom line.
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research: Just one more, you made it very clear, you're investing heavily into PayPal and while there has always been the threat of new wallet competition, forget about Google and Isis for a moment, but more importantly we have a meaningful live one out there now, with JPMorgan Chase Net (ph) and you have the merchants MCX initiative, which may or may not be online. But is the success of these efforts contemplated in your investment budgeting or if Chase puts up some notable numbers next quarter on new customer ads if they disclose that. Is there a risk of upside to your spending plans? Thank you.
John Donahoe: I'll take that. First of all on wallet, we don't see it to be zero sum game. So, there are going to be multiple people who are trying different wallets and that will play out as it does. We feel very good about PayPal's position in the competitive payments industry and we are partnering with banks, the associations and others, not necessarily competing against them. So, PayPal brings almost a 150 million active consumers now globally. A global payments platform that is neutral to whichever funding source you want to use. And we're driving our technology such that our wallet and other platforms can use PayPal as their underlying payments platform. So we don't or let's just say, competition is fully incorporated into our numbers.
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research: Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse:  Thanks for taking my questions. So John, I wanted to dig in a bit on the last part of the mobile, local, global, data piece there. So from a strategic point of view, I guess mobile, local and global are fairly straightforward to understand, but where do you feel that the consumer data that you have gathered over the years will be unique versus other sources of data that are out there? And how do you think eBay will be compensated either in the form of changes to your own business or for making this data available to either your retail partners or others? Also, any thoughts on launching some sort of rewards program for PayPal users to sweeten the offering and drive further usage? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Sure, Stephen. On data, we use data in three or four different ways. As I said, we've got almost $215 billion of closed transaction data which is highly valuable. The first way to use it every day is in risk-decisioning. What has enabled eBay and PayPal to allow transactions on the web and now on mobile seamlessly, quickly, often cross-border, stranger to stranger, is the data and our ability to leverage that data to provide superior risk-decisioning, and it's what now enables PayPal to underwrite transactions no one else could, and it's what enables eBay to offer a money-back guarantee through the eBay Buyer Protection.  Second area we're leveraging our data is credit. In particular, PayPal has been combining BML's traditional credit storing mechanisms with the PayPal data, and that's fueling BML's ability to grow in transactional credit with superior loss performance. So again, we're using it to extend BML's reach. We're also using both eBay and PayPal merchant data together to begin experimenting, extending small merchant credit with PayPal. So, again it's an example where we have more data about a given merchant especially that happens to be an eBay seller, so we can more easily extend credit confidently, seamlessly and conveniently.  Third area is marketing, and here I would say we're just beginning to scratch the surface as we do simple things like cross-selling, when we know a PayPal user that hasn't recently transacted on eBay or we know someone's buying in certain categories and we can use our -- the category level detail we have on eBay to help promote a cross-category transaction on PayPal. So, in this era of big data we are leveraging our consumer data more and more as we go.  Then last area where we use the data is in our customer support. When people have a problem, they have a concern; we can take a holistic view of the customer when they contact one of our CS teammates around the world. So, the data has been an important part traditionally, I would say in risk-decisioning and it's growing in its importance in credit, marketing and the customer experience.  With respect to the rewards program, we've taken a philosophy that we want to enable other's rewards programs, so that if someone's got a credit card rewards programs or debit card or increasingly merchant rewards and loyalty programs, they'd be able to be integrated into the PayPal wallet. So rather than creating confusion with our own rewards program, what we're doing is taking that same money we could invest in our rewards program and investing it in technology, investing it in lower take rates to enable others to provide rewards and we think that's the better way to get PayPal's ubiquitous extension across the web, mobile and over time offline.
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert Baird & Company. Your line is open. 
Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird: Great, thanks. I have a couple of questions. First off, just in the last couple of weeks, I think we've seen the launch of PayPal Here 2.0, a new eBay app and a new eBay homepage. I was wondering if you could put these into context for us in terms of whether these are potential springboards for increasing usage and engagement at least into the back half of the year or are these really more just incremental in nature. Then secondly, just regarding the BRIC or country market opportunities, wondering if there's been a change in perspective there? It seems like there's been a more of an progressive movement to India and perhaps Brazil off late and wondering if the issues in Russia might affect the pace of growth there. Thank you.
John Donahoe: Maybe I'll take the first, Bob, you take the second. Colin, I'm glad to see that you're paying attention to the new products. So David and Devin are sitting across the table from me, both smiling. Here's what I think, so no one of those individual products I would say are material needle movers, but what they reflect is ongoing innovation, ongoing innovation. And I think across both businesses, our product and technology teams are now hitting a rhythm of continuous innovation. And you've seen the eBay user experience really improve over the last few years and now there are new incremental things; the curation -- some of the collections. The homepage for a non-clicking users, the best I've seen, that mobile is getting a lot of attention this year and the marketplace team. And then on PayPal we've -- David and team have really worked on revamping many of our major flows, so new onboarding flows, check out experience, both on mobile and on web, updating PayPal Here. You'll begin to see us do some things and experimentation in the local front around check-in and Beacon, so I view this as -- process a continuous innovation and I think our capacity and our ability to innovate and then roll out and execute is just getting better each year. And over time, what drives growth is the aggregation of a lot of little things, more than any one big thing.
Bob Swan: And Colin, on your second question, just on emerging markets. As you know we have a very global footprint, but we also believe that we have significant opportunity in the four BRIC markets. We are positioning ourselves to capitalize on those. We start with our strength, which is cross-border trade and over the years, we've built cross-border trade where we get a growing user base within each country and then we migrate to how do we build a domestic offering. And I think that path has evolved a little bit differently market-by-market. India has always been a good market for us. We made an acquisition there a decade ago. And more recently we made an investment in Snapdeal, who has a very complementary offering to what it is that we provide in a local market. So, that approach has been a cross-border business, but also a strong domestic business coupled with a complementary partner where we took an equity interest in. And we're obviously excited about the potential long-term growth of India.  Russia and Latin America, Brazil, in particular have been growth opportunities for us. I would say in both cases despite what I'd characterize as some relatively good traction over the course of the last 12 months, either because it's the state of affairs in Russia or some of the higher cross-border barriers that have been put in place in Latin America, while those have been good sources of growth, there are still relatively small and they're not grown as much in the last 60 days as they were in the second half of last year. But still, these are emerging markets, they are big opportunities for us, they're relatively high beta and we will be disciplined in terms of how we approach those markets over time.
Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gil Luria with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Thanks for taking my question. In terms of repatriating the cash, will the only tax consequence be the higher rate or will there also be a consequence for the repatriation of the cash that's already domiciled internationally? And then will this change or limit your ability to use that cash to fund Bill Me Later? 
Bob Swan: So first, if and when we repatriate the cash, we will have a cash obligation to the IRS. So we've provided the non-cash charge in terms of the earnings implications, but when we bring that money back, we'll have to actually write a check. So that's one consideration. The second consideration that I highlighted, Gil, in the call is our tax rate this year will go up because on ongoing basis, we will be providing higher taxes for the foreign earnings that we generate. The implication of both of those things is, as a result we have significant more flexibility globally, i.e. $6 billion to be able to redeploy here in the U.S. as the opportunities arise. That being said, we still have a strong balance sheet outside the U.S., we have significant cash flows outside the U.S., and we would anticipate that our international cash particularly through the Luxembourg Bank will be used as the primary sourcing vehicle for our growing credit business here in the U.S. So, that cash and cash flows will be used to fund Bill Me Later going forward.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities:  Got it. And then Braintree, now that you own them for a full quarter, can you talk about how the growth rates are looking there, and if it's growing as you expected and contributing as much as you expected. I think you gave a sense of what the magnitude is, but in terms of the growth rates and also, if you are including it in TPV, isn't the nature of that business to have much lower take rates than you used at PayPal. Isn't that a headwind on the take rate right now?
John Donahoe: Gil, let me just -- before Bob you answer the specific question, just step-in and say how thrilled we are to have Braintree in our portfolio. If you recall we saw a real opportunity, this is where the first wave of offline digital payments is happening and where there's just enormous growth and Braintree by cultivating great relationships with third-party developers, by being the fundamental way to pay on the rapidly growing mobile apps in the sharing economy is right front and center to where the action is in stage one of taking PayPal or taking payments offline. Then Venmo, you had Venmo on top of that, the Venmo Peer-to-Peer as well as Venmo Touch. So Braintree's growth rates are very significant and it's been certainly met or exceeded our expectations in terms of its growth. And the reason of that is that it has 100% share of checkout on the leading mobile apps, apps like Goober or apps like Airbnb. So and -- we're also excited about some of the products that we're now developing by combining PayPal and Braintree together, we think we can provide experiences on the mobile phone that just make payment seamless. So before you answer the specific, Bob, I just want to say how thrilled we are to have Braintree as part of our Company.
Bob Swan: So, just in terms of the size and the numbers, large volume business as John indicated with 100% share of checkout. However, a significant portion of the business today is what we've characterized as low risk ISO and therefore doesn't qualify for our externally reported TPV. So it's still a relatively small number, but we expect it to grow dramatically over time. Because the lion's share of the business is of lower risk ISO the take rate is relatively small versus our overall take rate, so as it grows, it does impact the take rate of the business and that's through the first quarter that's reflected in our current take rate. But we'll continue expand the relationship that Braintree plays with merchants where it becomes over time more of a full risk service ISO playing a broader role and responsibility, and with that being able to command a larger take rate over time.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Got it. Thank you very much.
Bob Swan:  Thanks a lot, Gil.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Bob, wondering or John, I'm wondering if you could give us a sense, we've now seen five quarters in a row of just incredibly steady growth in PayPal both on revenue and TPV, almost locked-in at sort of 19% and 20% level. Is that a number that you are managing towards? Is that, I guess, to some degree why we've seen some of the profitability upside in this quarter? To the extent that we're going to see the ramp in investment that you talked about on the Payments business. To what degree should we expect that to be marketing versus technology? And what kind of cadence should we look for on that over the course of the year?
John Donahoe: Heath, I'm glad you've seen and recognized the consistent performance of PayPal and we're thrilled about that. What you're also seeing is accelerating growth in our volume, and that gets to what I was talking about a minute ago with Braintree and with some of the mobile payments initiatives where we're trying to get PayPal out to where the action is, and spread it because we think we have this window of opportunity where PayPal can extend its lead as the leading digital payments platform. With respect to investments, it's a balance. We're continuing to invest in mobile. And If you look at technology, mobile investment is a big priority, whether that's PayPal mobile, whether that's the investment of Braintree, whether that's growing Venmo's peer-to-peer business, which doesn't have any revenue, but extends PayPal and Braintree and Venmo's reach. So we will continue to invest in mobile, continue to invest in the technology platform, and the replatforming of that PayPal technology platform.  Then in marketing, we've never really invested much in PayPal marketing. As we said earlier this year, we're going to increase our level of investment in marketing in PayPal. We didn't really do much in Q1, but we will be launching our and announcing our new brand campaign and you'll begin to see us over the coming quarters increase our level of investment in PayPal marketing and you'll hear more very soon about some of the specifics of it. We're going to do it in the same kind of softer (ph) way we have before, not big splashy big bang, but using digital marketing channels and selective TV and seeing how the business responds. So, we think that's raising PayPal's unaided awareness as something that marketing can help facilitate.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Just specifically on Venmo, what kind of traction are you seeing there? Just anecdotally, it seems like the platform is seeing either strong growth or even accelerating growth? Is there a point where you can see that part of the platform becoming big enough or either impacting PayPal's numbers enough to actually move the overall financial needle?
John Donahoe: What we like about Venmo, there is really two parts to Venmo; there is the peer-to-peer business which is -- got just explosive growth on college campuses, and that's just another way of extending PayPal's extended platform. PayPal is a peer-to-peer business, Venmo does, and over time, I think you will see us evolve those two together. So we think it's a great thing when college students who are consumers of the future are using Venmo or using our products every day to send money, and it demonstrates the power of mobile payments. Then the other part of Venmo is this Venmo Touch which allows you to authorize payment on your phone, in essence, tokenize your phone on one app and have that same experience extend to the other apps to make payments even easier on your phone and we are working to combine Venmo Touch with PayPal touch and have some, I think, exciting new products coming out later in the year. In terms of materiality to our results, I would characterize these things as extending our reach. Our focus at this stage is extend the reach, and if we extend the reach over time, we'll have plenty of opportunity to monetize.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets: Thank. I just want to ask about the international GMV trends. It stayed very consistent for quite some time, and you've seen -- and I think over the past course of the past year and half maybe, over last two years a little bit of recovery in U.S. GMV, but not so much in international GMV. Any particular steps you feel like you need to take there to get that growth rate maybe back into the mid-teens?
John Donahoe: There is so much in that international. The beauty of the eBay business is it's almost 60% of the GMV rather is offshore, and outside of the U.S. So if you look at Europe, European economy is a little more stable. A lot of focus for us in Germany about leveraging eBay and PayPal together to provide eBay Buyer Protection on eBay in Germany and we think that's going to be a key step to continue to enhance. We've got a leadership position in Germany that we want to get our growth rates up to market rates of growth. In Asia; we continue to have a strong business in Korea, strong business in Australia, and our cross-border business is very strong out of Greater China. Then depending of FX, it kind of reverses trade flows to other areas. So markets, it's a little bit the same as it has been in the last several years is a lot of little things. Devon and team are on top of a lot of little things extending our playbook here over to the markets around the world. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Thank you. I guess, I had a couple. One, if you could give us an update on how the offline rollout at PayPal is progressing. Are you guys happy with the uptake among retailers. Then I guess secondly on the repatriation, I just want to make sure I understood it properly. Do you just talk about the decision to maybe not necessarily repatriate the cash, but rather use debt in terms of your flexibility versus just taking that hit upfront to repatriate the explicit cash. Thank you.
John Donahoe: I'll the take the first part. So, Sanjay on offline and PayPal, what we're doing is we're positioning ourselves for what will be I think an enormous opportunity over time, first and foremost doing that through merchant coverage. So, we're continuing to extend out our merchant coverage into physical store locations in the U.S., and frankly, increasingly around the globe because ultimately we think that will be important. But we're also focusing on where the action is. As I said earlier the first place where you're seeing mobile technology is used in the physical world are around the sharing economy, where it's providing a real consumer benefit and around restaurant and other areas that have lines, if you look at what we prioritized in the PayPal digital wallet last year, it was order ahead and skip the line, it was order from table. Which where experiences that were significant improvements from simply swiping a card.  So, as we roll PayPal out, there is a lot of focus with David and team on the consumer experience and how we provide consumer experiences that enhance value for consumers, while also giving merchants or retailers a real relationship with their consumers. So an example would be Beacon, Beacon is a nascent technology, but we're using it in select locations to allow better consumer experience and have retailers be able to experiment having a direct connection when their consumer walks into their environment. So, we'll continue that test and learn. We're still very optimistic about the opportunity and we're going to just sequence where we get the most consumer engagement, that's where you'll see us invest the most upfront energy. And over time we think that will extend out into the physical source.
Bob Swan:  Sanjay, in terms of the capital allocation. First what I would say is, historically we've assumed that the significant majority of our international earnings would be permanently redeployed internationally. As a result, we didn't provide U.S. taxes, provide for U.S. taxes to those earnings. I think what's changed is the opportunities in the U.S. while we have a strong balance sheet and our cash balance continues to grow, the opportunities in the U.S. are even bigger; obviously, the $5 billion buyback that we announced and you know, we will continue to be acquisitive here in the U.S. So when you look at our philosophy around capital allocation and where we see the majority of the cash being used, our historical election was no longer valid. So that resulted in the accounting change. Related but separate is on a go forward basis, how are we going to finance the opportunities in the U.S. that arise, and what this allows us to do is we have the flexibility to finance things in the U.S. either with our U.S. cash or with our international cash or with that capacity that we still have as a company. So those decisions about how we'll finance are still ones that we'll make on a go forward basis relative to a variety of options, our capital, the opportunities, our desired credit rating. I would say this change in light of the events that happened in the quarter give us significant financial flexibility and horsepower where we have more options at our disposal.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW:  If I can just ask one more follow-up. So when we think about acquisition opportunities in the U.S. and I understand you're not foreshadowing any, but where exactly do they lie? Within which segment? Thanks. 
John Donahoe: We have a very, I'd say consistent approach to how we asses acquisitions, which is we look for acquisitions that could strengthen our core business. Those primarily tend to be outside the U.S. things like our acquisition of GittiGidiyor in Turkey or Gmarket in Korea. Second, we look for ways to extend our business platforms, our business models. So the acquisition of StubHub would be an example. The acquisition of Bill Me Later would be an example, the acquisition of Braintree. If you look at what's happening in the world of commerce and payments, there is a lot of action and lot of activity. So we continuously assess opportunities to where we think it will be strategically and financially valuable to extend our platforms our eBay and PayPal and eBay Enterprise platforms.  Then the third area is more capability acquisitions where we're buying a technology or buying a management team, buying capabilities that are new to us and so the acquisition of Zong would have been a case of that, or the acquisition of Shutl in the U.K., where we're buying a technology we wouldn't otherwise have, but combined with our current technologies, our current platforms it can generate growth. So we have nothing specific we're signaling other than there's a lot of activity and want to have the financial flexibility and freedom, we need while also doing the share buyback. So we just think this positions us to be on our toes as we look forward over the coming years.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Great, thank you.
John Donahoe: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator:  Our final question comes from the line of Youssef Squali with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald: Thanks. This is actually Naved Khan for Youssef Squali. Can you give an update on Cassini where you are in the rollout of that and what do you have planned for the remainder of the year? And then I have a follow-up.
John Donahoe: Cassini is basically rolled out across the network and now we're extending it into the Korea platform as well. What that's really enabling is continuous search improvements. So we try to broadcast all the way along, it's not a silver bullet, it's rather a platform that allows us to now index listings more effectively and provide better search results. It's one of many innovations and improvements we're making in eBay user experience.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald:  Okay thanks. And then just on the slowdown on the U.S. marketplaces, if I ex-out the weakness in StubHub which you've called out. Can you talk about the sort of the remainder of the Marketplaces business and how you feel about it going forward?
John Donahoe: Sure. Let me again just comment. Bob mentioned StubHub earlier. With StubHub we have a great leadership position and we're going to compete to defend and extend that leadership position in secondary tickets and provide -- continue to provide a great consumer experience, the best fan experience out there. So, we will compete to extend our leadership position in that business. And then in the core eBay business in the U.S. as Bob mentioned earlier, strong tickets price growth, we continue to grow at 19%. We saw auctions come in less than we had hoped. Auctions were down 9% for the quarter, and that's -- that there little things that have impacted that, we made some pricing changes with C2C last year, we made a little bit of search changes, and so we're making adjustments to make sure that we allow consumers, buyers, and sellers to choose the format they want because we truly aren't different because we monetize the same way, but also to ensure that we're having the best balance in our marketplace. So, the U.S. team is on top of that, and again top rated sellers are growing faster than e-commerce, fixed price is growing faster than e-commerce and we're putting a little more focus on the C2C and auctions business to make sure it's getting closer back to kind of zero growth rates. 
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald: Thank you.
John Donahoe:  Alright, that's it. Thanks very much everyone and we'll talk to you next quarter, if not sooner. Thank you.
Bob Swan: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hudson - VP, IR John Donahoe - President and CEO Robert Swan - CFO
Analysts: Colin Sebastian - Robert Baird Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities  Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs  Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW  Mark May - Citi Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets  Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Its now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Tom Hudson, vice president of investor relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2013. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our president and chief executive officer; and Bob Swan, our chief financial officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob and Johns commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through our Investor Relations section of the eBay website at http://investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our investor relations website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements related to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2014, the companys financial outlook for 2015, the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces, and eBay Enterprise businesses, the companys plans regarding share repurchase programs and the companys plans for its payments business.  Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in political, business, or economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; our need to successfully react to the increasing importance of mobile payments and commerce and the increasingly social aspect of commerce; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses with the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity; our need to manage regulatory, tax, and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and Bill Me Later; our need to timely upgrade and develop our systems, infrastructure, and customer service capabilities at a reasonable cost while maintaining site stability and performance, in addition to adding new products and features; our ability to integrate, manage, and grow businesses recently acquired or that may be acquired itself; the effect of the announcement of the shareholder proposal [unintelligible] has on the companys relationships with the shareholders; and the associated disruption of management and employees attention from the companys ongoing business operations.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report or on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly filings on Form 10-Q available at http://investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 22, 2014, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe:  Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to our Q4 earnings call. The fourth quarter was a tough, competitive holiday season in retail. It was also a holiday season that tipped toward the future of commerce. Online, mobile, and other omnichannel commerce capabilities are clearly taking hold. Consumers are changing how they shop and pay, and retailers and brands are having to adapt.  In this dynamic environment, we feel good about our performance for the quarter. We focused on what we control, leveraging our global commerce platforms in mobile leadership and strengthening our operating discipline and execution. And it paid off with a strong finish to a challenging year. Revenue was up 13% for the quarter, and non-GAAP EPS was up 16%, and eBay and Paypal both generated double digit user growth. We enabled $61 billion of commerce volume in Q4, up 22%, well ahead of ecommerce and retail overall. Our eBay Marketplace, Paypal, and eBay Enterprise platforms are clearly driving volume growth on behalf of our retailer, brand, and merchant partners.  Mobile exceeded our expectations, continuing to lead new consumer shopping behaviors. For the full year, our total mobile-enabled commerce volume grew 88%, with eBay reaching $22 billion and Paypal hitting $27 billion of mobile payments volume. And we added more than 14 million new customers through mobile in 2013, 40% of our total new users.  These results demonstrate why we believe strongly in the power of our portfolio to compete and lead in the new commerce environment, both in our core businesses and in the four competitive battlegrounds of mobile, local, global, and data. Now Id like to step back for a minute and comment on the year. We drove 14% revenue growth and 15% earnings growth in 2013, and we feel good about that strong performance in a challenging environment. However, we anticipated accelerating second half growth, which did not materialize, so we ended the year at the lower end of our guidance. As we look forward to 2014 and beyond, the growth opportunities we spoke about last year are still very much there. As mobile continues to change commerce and blur the lines between online and offline, we have tremendous opportunities in the $10 trillion commerce market, a bigger addressable market for us. We will continue to compete aggressively across all of our businesses, and in 2014 were stepping up our investments, particularly in Paypal. Well take a very disciplined approach about how we make these investments, but we intend to capitalize on our strengths and seize the opportunities before us. Now Im going to turn it over to Bob, who will provide more details on our fourth quarter and full year results and 2014 guidance. Then well take a slightly different approach today. After Bob finishes, Ill come back with some additional comments before we take questions. Bob? 
Robert Swan : Thanks, John. During my discussion, Ill reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. As the strategic partner of choice for merchants of all sizes, we enabled $61 billion of commerce volume at a take rate of 7.4% in the quarter. Our take rate declined 55 basis points, driven by business mix, as our fastest-growing business, Paypal, has a lower take rate. In Q4, we generated net revenues of $4.5 billion, up 13%. Organic revenue growth was also 13% in the quarter. Transaction revenue grew 14% and marketing services revenue grew 12%. Fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.81, up 16%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29.2%, up 70 basis points, due primarily to solid top line growth and strong operating expense leverage. We generated free cash flow of $1.4 billion in the quarter. Capex was 6% of revenue, primarily due to investments in search, data, and site operations. Now lets take a closer look at our segment results. Paypal had a strong quarter. Revenue reached $1.8 billion, up 20% on an FX-neutral basis. Revenue was driven by accelerating merchant services growth and solid growth on eBay. A few quick highlights on Paypal operational metrics. Total active accounts growth was 16%, with more than 30% of active accounts coming from eBay. TPV on an FX-neutral basis grew 25%. Paypal increased penetration on eBay by 175 basis points. Merchant services, FX-neutral TPV accelerated 1 point to 31% in the quarter, with particularly strong performance coming from large merchants. As of year-end, 70% of the U.S. internet retailer 100 and 63% of the E.U. internet retailer 100 had integrated Paypal.  We launched a series of innovations on eBay Inc. properties leverage the synergies of the portfolio and improve the checkout process. Paypal mobile payment volume in the quarter was $8.8 billion, with 51% of mobile payments coming from eBay. Paypal segment margin came in at 25.7% for the quarter, up 270 basis points, due primarily to opex leverage, partially offset by a lower take rate from large merchant mix, losses on foreign currency hedges, and lower cross-currency transaction growth. Let me touch on a quick highlights for Bill Me Later. Bill Me Later had a good quarter, and is becoming an increasingly important component of our overall portfolio. Were using the same playbook with Bill Me Later on eBay as we did with Paypal on eBay. BMLs penetration as a funding source in the Paypal wallet was 4.8% share on eBay in the U.S. and 2.5% on us merchant services. As we drive greater adoption on eBay, we are able to accelerate usage off of eBay, and BML gives consumers another funding choice and increased penetration helps lower Paypals transaction expense. We continue to finance the BML loan receivable portfolio primarily using offshore cash, and BML risk-adjusted margin continued to be at the high end of the 14% to 16% targeted range, while chargeoffs increased to 6.3%. The 90-day delinquency rate improved 30 basis points from last quarter. Overall, BML continues to perform well.  Now lets move to Marketplaces. Marketplaces had a good quarter, with net revenues of $2.3 billion, up 11% on an FX-neutral basis. A few quick highlights: active users grew 14%; FX-neutral non-vehicles GMV grew 12%, driven primarily by improvements in mobile and the customer experience; U.S. non-vehicles GMV grew 14% against tougher comps, and international non-vehicles GMV grew 10%. In the quarter, we completed the rollout of Cassini around the world; launched Collections, an inspirational experience for buyers; and rolled out in-store pickup in the U.K. and the U.S. Marketplaces segment margin was 41.1% in the quarter, at the upper end of our 38-42% guidance range we shared in March of last year. Segment margin was down 40 basis points from last year, primarily due to investments in trust and technology, partially offset by opex leverage.  Now lets turn to eBay Enterprise. eBay Enterprise generated $1.8 billion in merchandise sales for its clients and same-store sales grew 13% in the quarter. Revenue was $392 million, down 2%, driven by client mix, channel mix, and a lower take rate. Marketing services revenue growth was impacted by replatforming and branding efforts to consolidate nine companies into one. We continue to scale our new technology platform and now have nine clients that are live. Weve continued to drive Paypal adoption on eBay Enterprise client sites, with 97% coverage and 17% share of checkout. Segment margins came in at 15.8%, down 450 basis points.  Turning to operating expenses, in Q4, operating expenses were 40% of revenue, down 165 basis points. Operating expenses were down due mainly to lower sales and marketing from improved marketing efficiencies and a shift in spend to product and user experience. This were partially offset by an increase in provision for transaction loan losses resulting from investment in Marketplaces trust initiatives and TPV growing faster than total company revenue. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and nonequity investments of $12.8 billion, including approximately $3.2 billion in the U.S. We improved our financial flexibility, funding 68% of the BML loan receivables portfolio with offshore cash.  In the quarter, we repurchased 4.9 million shares of our common stock for approximately $254 million. As a company, we generated $1.4 billion in free cash flow, and reinvested $1.1 billion of that to drive Paypal growth with the expansion of Bill Me Later and the acquisition of Braintree.  So were now one year into the three-year journey we shared with you last March. We enabled $212 billion of commerce volume for merchants and consumers globally, up 21%. Mobile commerce volume was $35 billion, up 88%, well ahead of our three-year plan.  Revenue grew 14%, non-GAAP EPS grew 15%, and we generated $3.7 billion in free cash flow. Not bad results. But as John indicated, not in line with our expectations as we delivered at the low end of our full year guidance, and we didnt generate the monetization we had planned exiting 2013, giving us less momentum entering the new year, and making our 2015 aspirations more difficult to achieve.  With that, a little context on our business outlook. We believe the opportunity in front of the company is huge, and we have the right portfolio of assets, and we will invest to win. Competition is increasing, and consumer expectations are rising, and were making the investments to expand or serve the market, both globally and locally. We are investing more across the business units in three key areas. First, the core. Were increasing investments in sales and marketing, product experience, and trust. Secondly, omnichannel. Were increasing investments in eBay Now, in-store pickup, ship from store, and Paypal ubiquity. And third, globally. Were increasing investments in emerging markets and to drive cross-border trade. Paypal will have a disproportionate share of these investments in 2014.  For the full year 2014, we expect revenue of $18 billion to $18.5 billion, representing growth of 12% to 15%. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $2.95 to $3.00, including approximately $0.03 from the Braintree acquisition, representing growth of 9% to 11%. We expect free cash flow to be $3.7 billion to $4 billion, and non-GAAP effective tax rate to be 18.5% to 19.5%, and capex to be 7% to 9% of revenue. We expect Marketplaces margins will be within the three-year range we shared in March of 13, but that Paypal margins will be lower, as we continue to invest heavily to protect and extend our leadership position. For the first quarter 2014, we expect revenue of $4.15 billion to $4.25 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $0.65 to $0.67. For the full year of 2015, we expect ECV to be greater than $300 billion, with mobile ECV growth of 65% plus over the three-year period, per year, but we expect monetization for our take rate to be lower and investments to be higher in Paypal.  From a business unit perspective, versus the outlook we provided last March at analyst day, we expect Marketplaces to be below the range on revenue and in line with margin guidance. We expect Paypal to be in line with revenue guidance, but below the margin guidance as we boost investments, and we expect eBay Enterprise to be below revenue and margin guidance, as we continue to transition our clients to our new platform. For the full year 2015, we expect revenues of $20.5 billion to $21.5 billion, representing growth of 14% to 16%, and we expect non-GAAP EPS year over year growth of greater than 10%, and that free cash flow will be more than $11 billion from 2013 to 2015. We feel confident about our future outlook, and have received authorization for an additional $5 billion stock repurchase plan. Total repurchase authorization is now $5.6 billion, and we plan to make opportunistic repurchases of our common stock to reduce the outstanding share count. In summary, we saw the dramatic shifts in commerce, the blurrings of the line offline and online, the need for tighter linkage between commerce and payments, and strength of mobile. Our portfolio has been constructed to position us for these trends, to compete and win, and were going to lean into the opportunity. We believe our unique set of capabilities work best together to enable our partners success, and therefore our own. Our global footprint is expanding, our enabled commerce volume has accelerated, demonstrating that our commerce and payment platforms are growing in relevance to retailers of all sizes. We are investing for the long term, strengthening our core ecosystem, and are focused on key battlegrounds with mobile, local, global, and data.  And now Ill turn the call back over to John.
John Donahoe : Thanks, Bob. Before we move to questions, I want to take a few minutes to speak about the proposals we received from Carl Icahn. Mr. Icahn has proposed nominating two of its employees to our board of directors. He is also submitting a nonbinding proposal to spin off and separate Paypal. Our board and management team welcome the perspectives of all shareholders, and I spoke with Mr. Icahn briefly last week to hear his views. We are committed to enhancing value for all shareholders and will continue to pursue strategies we believe will enable us to achieve this objective.  Our boards nominating and governance committee will consider Mr. Icahns nomination of his employees in the ordinary course of business. Let me remind you that we have an exceptionally strong board, with a diverse group of highly qualified directors. In fact, we have a world-class board. Our directors have deep experience in the technology and financial services sectors and a track record of value creation. This is the standard by which all future candidates will be assessed.  Our board and management team also evaluate the companys strategic direction on a regular basis, so you wont be surprised to hear that this is not a new idea. Rest assured that when we see a path that unlocks value, we pursue it. For example, in 2009 we divested Skype because synergies did not exist. This demonstrated our commitment to making rational decisions that are in the best long term interests of the company and our shareholders. Based on what we see today, we continue to believe that the company, our customers, and our shareholders are best served by keeping Paypal and eBay together. In short, we believe this is the best way to maximize shareholder value. Our board is unified in its view on this. Let me give you a little context as to why we believe this. For more than 18 years, our company has focused on enabling global commerce, connecting buyers and sellers, anytime, anywhere. Its how we drive growth and create value. Payments is an essential part of commerce. Everyone loves to shop, no one loves to pay. So we focus on taking the friction out of paying. We strive to make it easy, safe, and secure. And were innovating to make payments a way to drive engagement and create more value for consumers and merchants. This is what we do, and we have been successful exactly because Paypal and eBay are together. Its why we believe we are so well-positioned to lead in the blended worlds of online and offline commerce. No other payments competitor has achieved Paypals success, because no other competitor has a commerce platform like eBay. In fact, today were seeing more and more commerce and payments competitors trying to replicate the eBay and Paypal model. Were seeing a convergence of commerce and payments businesses, not a separation. Paypal and eBay make sense together for many reasons. Let me highlight three that we believe are among the most important. First, eBay accelerates Paypals success. Second, eBay data makes Paypal smarter. And third, eBay funds Paypals growth. Let me provide a little more perspective on each. EBay accelerates Paypals success. From the beginning, Paypal has benefitted from signing up eBay customers with virtually zero acquisition costs. Over the past decade, tens of millions of customers Paypal acquired on eBay have helped fuel its growth off of eBay. Simply put, eBay and Paypal together create mutually reinforcing network effects. Mobile is the most recent example of this reinforcing network effect. Mobile is the single most important platform shift in the past decade, and Paypals success in mobile payments started on eBay. EBays customers were an important source of Paypals early mobile payments volume, helping Paypal gain traction quickly and become a mobile payments leader. Let me put some numbers to illustrate this. In 2010, Paypal generated approximately $600 million of mobile payments volume, 80% of which came from eBay mobile apps. In 2013, three short years later, Paypals mobile payment volume grew to $27 billion, both on and off eBay. Thats massive growth, a 45x increase in a three-year period and a leadership position in mobile payments. Success on eBay enables Paypals success off eBay. Second, eBay data makes Paypal smarter. Risk is Paypals secret sauce. Paypals risk management capabilities are a source of competitive advantage, and anyone who understands risk knows that more data makes you smarter. By providing closed loop global transaction data, eBay enhances Paypals world-class risk capabilities and its ability to [underwrite] both sides of a transaction. This is evidenced by Paypals loss rate of only 31 basis points on $180 billion of total payment volume. Why, in an era of big data, would we dramatically reduce the amount of data available to Paypal?  And last but not least, eBay funds Paypals growth. EBay is a major contributor to Paypals profitability and expansion. For example, eBay represents approximately one-third of Paypals revenue and well over half of its profits. EBay continues to generate over 30% of Paypals new users at zero acquisition cost. And in 2013, eBay was the significant contributor to Paypals profit growth. EBay is also a significant source of low-cost capital for Paypal, fueling areas such as credit and acquisitions such as Braintree. The economic foundation provided by eBay gives Paypal the latitude to be more aggressive as it pursues opportunities off of eBay. Now, before I close, I want to comment about the risk of distraction. Separation may seem like a compelling concept at first blush, but when you separate two highly intertwined and highly performing businesses, it creates significant distraction and dissynergies. And at a time when competition is increasing and innovation is accelerating, we cant afford distraction, so we believe that an unwavering focus on executing our strategies is the best way we will drive growth and create shareholder value.  So to sum up, strong synergies have always existed between eBay and Paypal, and new synergies are driving new growth in areas such as mobile. If and when these and future synergies run their course, were committed to doing whats best for the company and for shareholders over the long term. You can count on us. Today, we strongly believe that Paypal is more competitive, more agile, and ultimately more successful when combined with eBay. Paypal and eBay are best together. Thats what we and our board believe, and its why we believe our current approach is the best way to maximize shareholder value. Thanks, and now well take your questions. Operator?   
Operator: [Operator instructions.] And it looks like our first question will come from the line of Colin Sebastian with Robert Baird. 
Colin Sebastian - Robert Baird: First off, regarding the higher investment spending, I wonder if you could add a little bit of color around some of those initiatives. For example, how much is related to lower take rates balanced against things like headcount and brand marketing investments? And then as a follow up, I wonder how youd characterize the offline ramp to date, both in terms of local inventory integration with the marketplace as well as point of sale at Paypal.
Robert Swan : First, higher investments in our core, what we consider our core, Id characterize as really two fundamental things. One, higher sales and marketing. Weve made a lot of improvements to both the Paypal user experience and the omni-based shopping experience. So bringing more traffic and converting more traffic will be a source of higher investments.  And the second thing, which is not new, but we expect to continue within Paypal specifically is the take rates will come down. And thats simply a function of higher growth off of eBay and higher growth on larger merchants.  So those two dynamics have been the trends that are bringing Paypals take rate down, and we expect that to continue. But at the same time, our transaction margins are the fundamental health of the Paypal business. We still expect to be above 62%. So those are the two chunks of investments in the core.  The other things that John highlighted are kind of the themes of extending our global footprint, having a stronger presence in emerging markets. Weve started some of those investments in 2013. We expect those to continue. Secondly, expanding our served market locally. Those are investments that were making across all three businesses to expand our served market from $1 trillion of ecommerce to $10 trillion of commerce. And then third, well continue to make investments in data, leveraging data more effectively, to drive deeper engagement, so increasing investments to protect and extend our core and continuing to invest to expand our served markets. 
John Donahoe : And on offline, clearly consumer behavior is moving toward online, mobile, and omnichannel, and we saw that happening in the fourth quarter. In the Marketplace business, you saw large retailers, including retailers like Best Buy, using omni eBay Marketplace, when you could buy online, pick up in store. So we integrated large retailers, and beginning to allow online pickup in store right off the core eBay marketplace. So well continue to add large retailers and others to the eBay Marketplace, both here and around the world. And with Paypal, we continue to build out the city markets, where were trying to take neighborhoods, where Paypal is accepted frequently or with abundance in the neighborhood, and then experiment with consumer behavior. And we saw good progress in our select neighborhoods in the fourth quarter. In general, Id say that offline is taking longer to become digitized than we initially thought, and I think frankly its happening with us and with everyone else in the digital world. But were staying with the investment and the adjustments were making I would characterize as focusing more in some smaller areas to prove out the model and get viral effects, and then well expand.  So whether thats eBay Now in a couple of cities, and the moving to a couple more cities, and then so on and so forth. The same thing with Paypal. Were going to focus on some neighborhoods, prove things out, and then expand out from there.  So more to come, but were continuing a very steady investment in offline, and we think over time its going to represent a significant opportunity.
Operator: Our next phone question will come from Gil Luria with Wedbush Securities.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities : On your last conference call, you predicted the holiday season would be a slow one for ecommerce, and indeed I think the industry numbers are that ecommerce growth slowed from 13% to 10%. And you had the benefit of a couple of weeks in October to do that. Now that were three weeks into January, and coming off what was a short holiday season, which was probably part of the problem, how does that look in terms of the U.S. and the European consumer and the other big markets that you have in terms of the trends that theyre showing right now? 
John Donahoe : First, I would say we try to provide guidance with the context of all the latest and greatest information we have, so in the first quarter we have 11% to 13% growth. And I would say the trends in the quarter so far support us to be in that 11% to 13% range.  Geographically, I would say our anxiety back in October was primarily centered around the trends we were seeing in North America at the time. In Europe, Europe primarily remained relatively stagnant. Id say right now on the margins, Europe might be a tad better, North America might be a tad worse. And thats the context for which we look at the Q1 growth rates. 
Robert Swan : But by and large, were getting out of the predicting quarterly growth rates business.
Operator: And it looks like our next question will come from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs : John, what kind of early learnings are you getting out of the eBay Now and other alternative channels youve been experimenting with? How important is success in those kind of channels going to be in terms of meeting the goal of growing with ecommerce?
John Donahoe: The principle behind eBay now, and behind what were trying to do, and frankly across our portfolio, is we believe that in the future consumers are going to want to have choice. Theyre going to want to have the choice of, in some situations, buy online, have it shipped at home. In other situations, buy online or from a mobile device and pick it up in the store. And there are going to be some shopping occasions where consumers want to buy it online or on a mobile device and have it delivered to them that day, or even the next.  So were trying to build out offerings that give that consumer choice, and eBay Now is just simply a way where we can use our industry scale, putting multiple retailers on, to deliver same-day delivery at economic costs. And weve taken it, as I said earlier, I would say, a very targeted approach in that.  We picked two cities and we tried to prove the model out, get it to work for consumers. Then we modeled out the economics and believe that Shuttle, we acquired Shuttle, and Shuttle, by using excess capacity, if you will, or sharing economy, vetted drivers that in essence bid on the ability to deliver, can provide both great consumer experiences and more economic deliveries. So weve got that going in Chicago and in Dallas. And then as we build scale and learn on those, we will most likely expand that out to other cities across the U.S. and into the U.K. So Id say were taking a very measured approach on it, and we think its one piece of giving consumers choice. With respect to our short term growth, were not counting on this to have any material impact on our short term growth, or even material growth over the next two years, but its signaling our willingness and commitment and desire to give the consumers choice and to partner with retailers to help them compete in this omnichannel world.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs : And then just one quick question for Bob. Bob, with the $5 billion buyback, presumably thats all coming out of your U.S. cash holdings. How do you think about kind of the right level of cash on the balance sheet, particularly given the balance between international and U.S. holdings?
Robert Swan : Philosophically, our bias hasnt really changed at all, and that is to ensure we have the financial flexibility to make investments along the way, whether they be organic, whether they be acquisitively, or whether they be through a return to shareholders, through a buyback, having the financial flexibility to be able to do all three of those things, essentially at all times.  In terms of our current cash position, as I indicated, we have a little over $3 billion in the U.S. and we have significant cash flow offshore, and we have access to commercial paper lines. And well look at all three of those as funding sources and vehicles to execute the opportunistic buyback program that we announced today.
Operator: And it looks like our next question will come from Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse: John, are there any details you could share around your plans around Cassini from a more granular perspective? Its globally deployed now, and I recall what youve articulated previously was that it should be viewed as a platform that is the basis to enable you to more rapidly roll out iterations. So is it go time now to start pushing new products through? Or are we still a few quarters away from seeing discernable changes?  And Bob, if Im doing my math correctly, your greater than $11 billion in free cash flow objective for 13 through 15 seems to suggest a decline in 15, in terms of total dollars you expect to generate versus what youre guiding toward for 14. So will you give us some additional color into [unintelligible] here?
John Donahoe : On Cassini, Cassini is one of many buyer experience initiatives that help drive consumer acquisition and conversion over time. And Ive said this before, Ill say it again, there are no silver bullets in our Marketplace business. If anything, this improvement over the last five or six years is no single platform initiative or product thing in and of itself created viral improvements.  Now, Cassini is live in all countries except Korea, and its now live across all devices. In essence, as you highlighted, what it enables us to do is, as a new platform, it just enables us to test and learn and implement search changes more quickly than our previous one. And so our search team and our product experience team will be continuing to iterate, just like they have in the last couple of years, or last several years, to find ways to improve the eBay user experience. Im also thrilled to say that weve got, as you probably saw in the fourth quarter, RJ Pittman joined us to head up product and design at eBay. RJ came from Apple. We think hes a world-class product leader, and he inherits the eBay business as it is today, the eBay user experience, and hell be driving a lot of the new user experience and product changes, both mobile and online, going forward. So were thrilled to have RJ onboard, and look forward to really good leadership from him over the coming months and years.
Robert Swan : In terms of free cash flow, we said greater than $11 billion back in March of last year. And the update to that is, while revenue and earnings are lower, we still expect to generate greater than $11 billion over the three-year timeframe. So 3.7 last year, 3.7 to 4 this year, and then at least that kind of level going forward. Because we dont really expect the capital intensity of the business to change dramatically. So were in good shape to exceed the $11 billion cumulative free cash flow through next year.
Operator: Next question in queue will come from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW : On Paypal, as it relates to the Icahn proposal, I guess when thinking about some of the constraining factors to Paypal from being a part of the entire enterprise, it would seem to be that the investments that are being made in offline and omnichannel might be areas that might not be made if it wasnt a part of the total enterprise. So is that a fair statement? And perhaps maybe you could just talk about what the payback period is for those investments that are being made at Paypal. And then just secondly, Bob, within your guidance, how much of the share authorization do you expect to exhaust?
John Donahoe : I completely agree with your characterization, which is as we approach offline, the fact that we have the portfolio of assets we do, eBay Marketplace, Paypal, and eBay Enterprise, is a strength. And what drove this to start with was customers. When we sit down with merchants, theyre looking for how they can have a partner to help them compete in this omnichannel, online/offline world.  And the fact that we have the kind of mobile experiences we do across our portfolio and the mobile capabilities we do, the fact that we have an eBay Marketplace that has 130 million active consumers, and by the way 50 to 60 million active consumer outside the U.S., where many retailers want to expand without putting assets on the ground, the fact that weve got Paypals capabilities, the fact that weve got, through eBay Enterprise, ship from store and buy online/pick up in store capabilities, is a strength.  We did an interesting experiment in the fourth quarter, a free shipping initiative, where we offered free shipping to a small set of Paypal users on eBay Enterprise merchants. And it helped drive up conversion and Paypal share of checkout while helping drive incremental volume for those merchants. So were always looking for ways to leverage our full portfolio to help partner with merchants offline. Now, the time horizon, Ill just repeat what I said earlier, I would say in general offline is taking longer to materialize for the whole industry, the whole digital industry at least, those of us that are coming from the online world and mobile world, and so we are responding by still investing behind it, but trying to target and focus our investments to prove out successes in smaller pockets, and then expand from there. And so well continue to operate that way. 
Robert Swan : And in terms of our guidance on the share buyback, in essence, for 14 and 15, the guidance assumes that we will offset dilution from our [comp based] programs. Thats a given. How much more aggressive we are with the buyback, the timing of when we do it, and the price at which were more opportunistic, will obviously influence earnings. But right now our guidance primarily is offsetting dilution from [comp base].
Operator: Our next phone question will come from Mark May with Citi. 
Mark May - Citi: One is I guess a follow up to some earlier questions. Just trying to dig into a little bit of what changed since the analyst day early last year, specifically on Paypal take rates. Youve mentioned the mix of larger merchants. Is there anything specifically that changed from when you set expectations earlier in the year until the end of the year that maybe actually had an influence on creating a greater mix of larger merchants than you had expected at the beginning of the year?  And then secondly, on the proposal by Carl Icahn, is there any common ground thats possible that the board had reviewed in terms of still being able to take advantage of the inherent benefits of these two businesses working together, but still enabling investors to kind of invest separately in these two businesses?
Robert Swan : First off, on the decline in Paypal take rate during the course of this year, is really driven by three factors. One, the mix of the business, which I mentioned before, and you highlighted. Secondly, our currency hedges that flow through the top line. And third, our fees on cross-border transactions were lower. Those three things have been happening throughout the year. And we flagged the large merchant growth and cross-border transactions, the things that we expected to happen that would weigh on the take rate going forward. So those two, theres no dramatic change from the beginning of the year. Obviously, hedges, we layer in hedges during the course of the year, and how currencies move, is going to have an impact, but that was not really anticipated at the time, but protected the earnings of the company, but contributed to the take rate decline. The second thing I would just highlight from earlier in the year, we indicated that we did expect the take rate to come down, for a variety of factors, but the largest being success and traction with large merchants. But at the same time, we highlighted the other two components of transaction margins, with the wallet and the funding sources and how effectively we would manage risk, and that our belief was those three dynamics of take rate movements, consumer choice on low-cost funding, and effective risk management techniques, would enable us to deliver 62% plus transaction margins in the online world during the three-year timeframe. And I would say those dynamics played out during the course of 2013. 
John Donahoe : And on your second question, about common ground with Carl, Id say our common ground, that board, management, and Carl have is, we all want to drive long term shareholder value. Thats why we exist. We have a management team and a board thats very focused on that, and I know thats what Carl is focused on, driving long term shareholder value. Where we disagree is how to best get there. As I mentioned earlier, we and our board believe the best way to drive long term shareholder value is to keep eBay and Paypal together to capitalize on the opportunities, and the distraction and dissynergies of separation would be happening at exactly the wrong time. Were in this window of opportunity of commerce. So we believe thats the best way to drive shareholder value.  Now, where we probably also agree is that were undervalued, and our board, by approving a $5 billion share repurchase authorization, gives us the flexibility that if, over time, we opportunistically think were undervalued, well act accordingly. So I dont see theres a reason to be fundamental disagreements here, but were all driving to build the most successful company and drive long term shareholder value.
Operator: And it looks like our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets : International GNV growth, ex vehicles, at 10% year over year, is the lowest I think its maybe ever been in any substantial period of time. Can you just talk about some steps youve got that could cause that to kind of recover a little bit, and maybe youve already done it with the full rollout of Cassini in the fourth quarter, but anything else?  And then John, I wanted to ask the simple question of why the $5 billion share buyback now? Youve always done share buybacks, but its always been to offset dilution. Youre obviously doing something more. So any other commentary on why now for that $5 billion authorization announcement?
John Donahoe : Mark, in international GNV, yes, this was below what we were hoping. We were hoping to get second half acceleration and we didnt. You know, part of that, were fairly Europe exposed, and so the European economy has been uncertain, and its really hard to ascertain whats market and whats not. So Im not going to sort of hide behind that. Germany is an area where we continue to work on proving our growth rate. Its our second largest market. Its a market where were growing slower than the market. We have enormous market share. We have between 25% market share, roughly. But were growing more slowly than the market, and ironically, the biggest driver of that is a trust gap in the eyes of consumers, and the biggest driver of that is that Paypal penetration is lower in Germany.  Its the case, again, with Paypal and eBay together. Because Germans tend to pay in different ways, so over the last couple of years, weve been focusing on driving Paypal penetration up in Germany, and this year were going to significantly increase that emphasis, so that German buyers can buy with trust. The reason its related is, our ability to offer the buyer protection, the money back guarantee, is directly tied to Paypal. And so the higher up we drive Paypal penetration in a market like Germany, the more we can offer the money back guarantee to consumers, which gives them confidence. And then throughout the rest of the international footprint, we have, country by country, little issues, and so were continuing to address them, and whether its Korea, a fairly volatile ecommerce market. Some of the exchange rates moved, cross-border flows, in some funky ways in the second half. So theres no single thing, but you can rest assured that were focused on our international growth, both in the marketplace and across Paypal.
Robert Swan : On your second question, as you know, historically, over the last few years weve simply been offsetting dilution from comp based programs. Historically, we have been opportunistic when we can maintain our financial flexibility to invest and grow, but also take advantage of opportunistic repurchases of shares. So its not a dramatic change from philosophically where weve been before.  I think there are a couple of changes. One is our balance sheet is much stronger. Our cash balances are much bigger. Were funding an increasing portion of our BML growth with offshore cash. And we feel great about our future. So I think theres some things that are very consistent philosophically to where weve been in the past. At the same time, weve got a stronger balance sheet and more financial flexibility, and again, feel good about how we see the next couple of years. 
Operator: Our final question for todays call will come from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Maybe you could help us think about Paypals revenue growth. You see about a 20% growth rate. And maybe you could break that down for us, between growth of your existing clients, new client wins, both offline and online, and how you see that revenue growth kind of breaking down going forward.
Robert Swan : During the course of the year, theres three components of growth. We expect to continue to grow on eBay and get a significant source of users from eBay, and continue to make improvements in the on-eBay experience to drive higher penetration. So the on-eBay growth, we expect to be above the marketplace rates of growth. Secondly, merchant services will company to be the biggest source of growth, and thats going to come from same-store sales growth for existing merchants, getting coverage on more and more merchants, and third, giving consumers more and more reasons to use us, i.e. share of checkout in both existing and new clients.  And then the third is Bill Me Later has been a 30% grower for a while. Were high 20s as we exit the year, and we continue to expect that to be not only a source of growth for revenue, but also a vehicle to reduce our transaction costs over time.  So I would say in the offline world, as John said, that will be a source of future growth, but not really a contributor in any meaningful way in the next 24 months.
John Donahoe : And one of the things, Bob mentioned the focus on share of checkout, one of the things that David and the Paypal team have done is theyre updating many of our key products. You saw that with the mobile product this year. Youll see that with some products, most of you probably dont see onboarding flows, merchant dashboards, and also even our core checkout products. The Web Checkout product will be updated over the course of 2014. And we think that will help drive healthy core growth. So, more to come on that.  All right, thanks everyone. Well talk to you in 90 days. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hudson - Vice President, Investor Relations John Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Bob Swan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Ron Josey - JMP Securities Colin Sebastian - RW Baird Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research Brian Pitz - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Tom Hudson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2013. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our IR website for the latest company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures and talk about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to nearest comparable GAAP measure in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2013, and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise businesses. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in political, business, and economic conditions including foreign exchange fluctuations, our need to successfully react to the increasingly importance of mobile payments and commerce and increasing social aspect of commerce, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexities of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity, our need to manage regulatory tax and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and Bill Me Later, our need to timely upgrade and develop our systems, infrastructure and customer service capabilities at a reasonable cost for maintaining site stability and performance and adding new products and features, our ability to integrate, manage or grow businesses recently acquired or that maybe acquired in the future. You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on our Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 16, 2013, and we do not intend and nor undertake any duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q3 earnings call. We had a strong third quarter enabling $52 billion of commerce volume, up 21%. Revenue was up 14% and non-GAAP EPS was up 17%. Both, PayPal and eBay marketplaces saw double-digit growth in new users and we continue to lead in mobile with 36% of new customers in the quarter acquired via mobile. Mobile continues to drive our commerce revolution. Go to London or Moscow, [Sydney or], San Francisco or New York and mobile is transforming how commerce happens. Consumer behaviors and expectations are rapidly changing around the world and the pace of commerce innovation is accelerating. In this dynamic global environment, we have the scale and experience, the platforms and technology and capability to lead in this commerce revolution. That's our focus. Let me take a moment to reiterate our strengths and opportunities. First, with technology accelerating change in how consumers shop, our company has a bigger addressable market, the $10 trillion commerce market. As we shared at our Analyst Day, by 2015, we expect to enable 300 billion in commerce volume, up from 175 billion in 2012, and we are well on our way with our trailing 12-month commerce volume up 20% and now reaching 200 billion. This is one way we will measure our success. Second, our core businesses are strong. We have proven models for monetization, and weve built a powerful set of technology and innovation capabilities. Third, our global commerce platforms, technology assets, and innovation capabilities strongly position us to lead and compete in the four emerging commerce battlegrounds, mobile, local, global, and data. We are a mobile commerce leader both at PayPal and eBay. We continue to expect that each will do $20 billion of mobile volume this year. Were innovating in local with new experiences such as eBay Now, buy online pick up in store, and PayPal Check-In and Order Ahead. We are leveraging our cross-border trade advantages in new markets such as Russia and Brazil, and enabling merchants in China to grow by reaching consumers worldwide. Last, but not least, were harnessing our data to drive consumer engagement. Our success is strongly tied to enabling others to win, whether an entrepreneur or a global brand. We don't believe that commerce is a zero-sum game. It's not winner take all. Technology is changing the rules and pushing the boundaries of commerce enabling what we call connected commerce, and we believe that creates more opportunity for us and for everyone. Now, let's take a look at the quarter starting with PayPal. In Q3, PayPal continued to expand its footprint, increasing merchant coverage and share of checkout. Finishing the quarter with 137 million active accounts globally, PayPal added 5 million new active accounts during the period. Merchant Services generated strong TPV growth of 30%, accelerating 1 point from Q2 and representing almost $31 billion payment volume. Penetration on eBay increased to 78% accelerating 100 basis points from the prior quarter. PayPal rolled out significant enhancements to its mobile app in Q3. With the updated app, consumers can now check in and pay with their PayPal digital wallet at thousands of retail locations in the U.S., Canada, U.K., and Australia. Consumers can also order ahead at participating restaurants or pay for their meal via mobile without having to wait for the check in the U.S. and Australia. In the U.S. alone, PayPal mobile users can now order ahead at almost 9,000 restaurants. We believe our pending acquisition of Braintree will help accelerate PayPal's global leadership in mobile payments. Braintree is powering the next generation of leading online and mobile first startups. Braintree will also strengthen PayPal's commitment on supporting developers who are creating innovative solutions for the next generation of commerce startups. PayPal also expanded its geographic reach in Q3 launching domestically in Russia. In the first two weeks after launch, 2,000 Russian merchants applied for Russian PayPal merchant accounts, and PayPal already has 1 million active accounts in Russia. PayPal continues to innovate at point-of-sale announcing Beacon in Q3. PayPal Beacon, which utilizes Bluetooth low energy technology is simple for merchants to use with existing point-of-sale systems. Beacon will enable consumers to easily pay at their favorite stores handsfree without having to open their PayPal app or take out their smartphone. It's another way PayPal is reinventing the shopping experience. Now let's turn to Marketplaces. In Q3, eBay's core or non-vehicles GMV grew 12% over the prior year. In the U.S., core GMV was up 15%. Active user growth was also up to almost 124 million. Top-rated sellers on eBay continued to deliver a great experience and outpace e-commerce growth accounting for 46% of U.S. GMV in Q3. irThe same-store sales grew 17%. Fixed-priced listings accounted for 71% of GMV globally and more than half of all U.S. transactions shipped free in Q3. eBay continued to see strong growth in mobile with 2.4 million new users acquired through mobile in Q3. eBay also continued to innovate in local with expanded coverage of eBay Now in the San Francisco Bay area and in New York. And in time for holiday, eBay Now plans to launch in Chicago and Dallas and will go global in 2014 with a planned launch in London. Speaking of the U.K., eBay announced a Click & Collect partnership with Argos. The service will launch with 50 eBay merchants now able to offer consumers fast, free and local pickup at 150 Argos stores across the U.K. eBay is also offering Click & Collect functionality for all large merchants who wish to participate and offer pickup in their physical store locations. In the U.S. eBay plans to partner with select retailers in Q4 to offer in-store pickup for items purchased on eBay. More brands and retailers are turning to eBay as a new way to reach consumers. In Q3, 34 brands and retailers signed agreements to open stores on our platform. We continue to feel very good about eBay's performance, ongoing site improvements, and new product experiences. This team is executing well and innovating. Now let me briefly touch on eBay Enterprise. In Q3, eBay Enterprise grew same-store sales 13% for its retail customers, and eBay Enterprise continued to evolved its omnichannel capabilities and solutions. At its customer summit in September, eBay Enterprise announced a new suite of Commerce Technologies including its recently launched platform. These technologies were deployed in Q3 to another four brands and Sony went live with its online store in North America last week. eBay Enterprise has also partnered with PayPal to pilot a free two-day shipping program with nine retailers. Launched earlier this month, initial results are strong, showing increased share of checkout and sharp uptakes in conversion. Share of checkout is significantly greater than competing offers on sites where both exist. This is a great example of how we can leverage our portfolio to deliver compelling offers and experiences to merchants and consumers. In summary, our company had a strong third quarter. As I outlined at the beginning of my remarks, I feel very good about our strengths and opportunities. Our core businesses are strong, and over the past 12 months, we have enabled over $200 billion in commerce volume for our merchant, brand, and retail partners. That's more than a 20% increase in what's been a fairly lackluster macro environment. But in this challenging environment, we are focused on what we can control, strengthening our operating discipline and execution, this means getting our product innovations to market faster, deploying new technology more effectively, and more aggressively driving consumer and merchant engagement. We believe we are making the right investments to drive commerce innovation and we need to step up the pace on translating these investments into accelerated growth. That's our priority. Now, I will turn it over to Bob, who will provide more details on Q3 and our outlook.
Bob Swan: Thanks, John. During my presentation, I will reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. Q3 was a strong quarter for the company another deposit on our multi-year plan. Total enabled commerce volume in the quarter grew 21% to $52 billion. Revenue was $3.9 billion, up 14%, and non-EPS was $0.64, up 17%. Free cash flow was $1 billion in the quarter. User growth grew double digits for both, PayPal and Marketplaces, and we announced our agreement to acquire Braintree for approximately $800 million to help accelerate PayPal's leadership in mobile payments and to support developers who are creating innovative solutions for next-generation commerce startups. Additionally, we have sold our equity stakes in ShopRunner and Rue La La and received repayment of the Kynetic note receivable for approximately $485 million. The proceeds will partially finance the Braintree acquisition. We are maintaining our full-year guidance and expect to be at the low end of our range on both, the top and bottom lines. As John mentioned and we highlighted at Analyst Day earlier this year, our goal is to enable commerce connecting merchants and consumers from around the world to down the street, to buy and pay. We have continued to invest and improve capabilities in mobile, local, global, and data. As such, we are expanding our addressable market, have built and are building a portfolio positioned to capitalize and lead and accelerating our mobile leadership position and the rate of innovation in our company. As a strategic partner of choice for merchants of all sizes, we enable $52 billion of commerce volume at a take rate of 7.6% in the quarter. Our take rate declined 40 bps, driven by business mix as our fastest growing business PayPal has a lower take rate. Now let's take a closer look at the results from the quarter. In Q3, we generated net revenues of $3.9 billion, up 14%. Organic revenue growth was also 14% in the quarter, a slight deceleration from Q2 as ecommerce grow slowed in the U.S. Third quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.64, up 17%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.8%, up 50 basis points, due primarily to solid top line growth and operating expense leverage. Our EPS was slightly higher than expected as we began to realize planned operating leverage earlier in the quarter, which puts us in good shape for Q4. We generated free cash flow of $1 billion in the quarter. CapEx was 8% of revenue, primarily due to investments in search, data and site operations. Now a closer look at our segment results, PayPal had a strong quarter. Revenues reached $1.6 billion, up 20% on an FX-neutral basis. A few quick operational metrics. Total active accounts growth was 17%. TPV on an FX-neutral basis grew 25%, driven primarily by continued expansion of PayPal, our merchant sites around the world and increase in share of checkout and 160 basis points increase in PayPal penetration on eBay. Merchant services FX neutral TPV accelerated 1 point to 30% in the quarter. PayPal's segment margin came in at 22.7% for the quarter up 10 basis points due primarily to OpEx leverage, partially offset by a lower take rate from larger merchant mix, smaller gains on foreign currency hedges and lower cross currency transaction growth. Let me touch on a few quick highlights for Bill Me Later. BML had a good quarter and is becoming an increasingly important component of our overall portfolio. BML had strong standalone financials with TPV of $1 billions up 30%. BML's penetration as a funding source in the PayPal wallet was 4.3% on eBay in the U.S. and 2% our merchant services. BML gives consumers another funding choice and increased penetration helped lower PayPal transaction expense. We continue to finance the BML loan receivable portfolio primarily using offshore cash which has enabled us to increase the return on this asset. Additionally, we launched an SMB lending pilot in the quarter to enable merchants to grow their businesses while leveraging our data and risk management capabilities. Overall, BML continues to perform well. Now let's move to marketplaces. Marketplaces had a strong quarter with net revenues of $2 billion, up 12% on an FX neutral basis. Revenue growth was driven by 12% growth on an FX neutral basis for both transactions and marketing services and other. A few quick highlights on Marketplaces' operational metrics. Active users grew 14%, FX neutral non-vehicle GMV grew 12% driven primarily by improvements in mobile and the customer experience. Geographically we saw the EU and Korea stabilize in the quarter but experienced deterioration in the U.S. e-commerce market. Transaction take rate excluding vehicles and StubHub was roughly flat with last year and marketplaces segment margin was 38.9% in the quarter, down 10 bps from last year primarily due to investments in trust and technology, partially offset by the OpEx leverage. Now let's turn to eBay Enterprise. eBay Enterprise client same-store sales grew 13% in the quarter. Revenue was $238 million, up 5% driven by solid volume growth offset by a lower take rate, client mix and channel mix. Marketing and services and other revenue growth was impacted by the re-platforming and branding efforts to consolidate nine companies into one. Segment margin came in at 5%, down to 110 basis points due to take rate reductions and business mix. Turning to operating expenses. In Q3, operating expenses were 42.5% of revenue, down 212 basis points. Operating expenses were down due to mainly to lower sales and marketing from improved marketing inefficiencies and a shift in spend to product and user experience. This was partially offset by an increase in provision for transaction loan losses resulting from investment in Marketplaces trust initiatives and TPV growing faster than total company revenue. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $13 billion including approximately $3.9 billion in the U.S. We have improved our financial flexibility funding 67% of the BML loans receivable portfolio with offshore cash in the quarter. We repurchased 2.8 million shares of our common stock for approximately $146 million and we received approximately $485 million from the divestitures of our remaining equity interest in Rue La La and ShopRunner and the settlement of the Kynetic note. With that, let me turn to guidance. A little context on our business outlook. First from a macro standpoint. Europe and APAC has created a bit of anxiety for us in the first half of the year has stabilized through Q3 but at the same time, the U.S. e-commerce softened considerably and we have a cautious outlook for the holiday season. Second, currency. The U.S. dollar weaken since July, which positively impacted the top line, but there is no impact to our bottom line since we are fully hedged. Third, investments in operating leverage. We expect $0.01 dilution from the anticipated late Q4 close of Braintree. We expect to increase spend with our eBay Enterprise and PayPal free shipping pilot to drive higher conversion for merchants and increased share of check out for PayPal, and we had strong operating leverage in the third quarter that will carry momentum into the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect to be at the low end of the full year 2013 guidance range on both, the top and bottom line. For the fourth quarter, we expect revenues of $4.5 billion to $4.6 billion, representing growth of 13% to 15%, and we anticipate the non-GAAP EPS of $0.79 to $0.81, representing growth of 12% to 15%. In summary, we feel good about or performance. Our core businesses had a strong quarter and we continued to test and learn in our adjacencies and seeds such as local, global and Omnichannel. PayPal continues its strong growth with increasing focus on simplifying and improving the customer experience. Marketplaces is stable in a deteriorating U.S. environment driven by investments in buyer and seller experiences and eBay Enterprise continues to position its assets for growth, invest in technology and grow its client portfolio. We are investing in our business for the long-term and we are focused on delivering the next generation of global commerce and payments capabilities. Now, we will be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ron Josey from JMP Securities
Ron Josey - JMP Securities: Great. Thanks for taking the question just a real quick, Bob, if you can go back and talk about the stabilization you saw in EU and Korea and the impact on Marketplaces, I am wondering if that's just better macro or the result of the marketing investments I think you made during the quarter. Then also domestically, any additional color as to why you think holiday might be a little bit weaker this year would be helpful. Thank you.
Bob Swan: Thanks Ron. Yes, in terms of Europe and Korea, as you may remember back in July, we had a bit of anxiety just about the signs that we were seeing in both of those markets and how it was impacting our business. During the course of the third quarter, in essence, we looked at stable growth for 11% Q2, 11% Q3, and things kind of stabilized in what at that time had caused us the greatest anxiety. I think, there are some things that are working well in terms of what we are doing and some things that aren't, but in the aggregate we got nice fundamental, strong businesses with good stable growth. That's kind of first. Secondly, holiday weaker, you know the reality is the thing thats caused us the most angst is a dramatically decelerating, what we believe is a dramatically decelerating U.S. e-commerce growth rate from the second quarter of 15.5% to 16% for comsCore to the third quarter of closer to 13%, so when we came into the third quarter, we looked at a stable U.S. market, and lo and behold in a relatively short period of time we have seen a pretty rapid deceleration in the market. I think for us that deceleration happened throughout the course of the quarter. Then as always, we take all the information we have at our disposal, which right now is roughly 15 days in, and we haven't really seen any more positive signs in October than what we experienced through the latter part of the third quarter in the U.S., so all of that and all the anxiety we see when we pick up the newspaper every day makes us fairly cautious about how we look at the holiday season and its impact on our outlook for the fourth quarter. I hope I am too conservative, but right now all the signs point to a bit of caution.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Colin Sebastian from RW Baird.
Colin Sebastian - RW Baird: Great, thanks. Maybe just one quick follow-up there on the deceleration in the U.S. Bob I wonder what your level of confidence is on the Q4 outlook if there is no improvement in the U.S., into the holiday period given overall stable growth rate expectations? My other question would be on the new users coming from mobile. I think you have articulated in the past that they don't monetize quite as well as other users, and I wonder though if you are seeing a trend emerging among these cohorts as their tenure on eBay and PayPal starts to lengthen if the monetization is improving? Thank you.
Bob Swan: I will do the first, John, and maybe handle the second. I think in terms of the decel that we are seeing in the quarter in level of confidence, we always try to -- at the risk of repeating myself, we always try to give you our best look based on everything that we are seeing. It's hard to be really confident when lots of the fundamentals that we are reading about are not all that positive. That being said, we are not expecting really any improvement for the fourth quarter from what we have experienced for the last eight to 10 weeks. So, we are expecting improvement. We are just assuming that things are going to stabilize where they are. E-commerce growth rates will not accelerate, but they will be stable, and we think we are well positioned to deal with an environment that doesn't get any worse than it kind of is right now.
John Donahoe: And Colin, on the new user growth and the mobile user monetization over time, as we said, we had continued double-digit user growth across both businesses, and I think in the quarter was up almost 36% of our new users came via mobile. So what's clear is a lot of new users are coming to us via mobile, and I really like the demographics. They are the demographics of the future because they tend to be younger and they tend to come from -- not tend to but there is a significant portion that comes from BRIC and emerging markets, kind of markets of the future. So, its just a fact that the younger people have less disposable income, and the people in the BRIC and emerging markets, because they are buying cross-border don't really have domestic eBay markets to buy from, they don't buy quite as frequently. So what we are doing is we are obviously monitoring the number of transactions for those users as they mature and the total GMV, and the good news is they are getting better so that there was a  once they use use eBay more, they tend to grow their number of transactions and grow their GMV over time, but the slopes of those cohort curves are simply lower than the slope of a more developed market or our higher disposable income demographic. So what we are doing about it is making sure that we have the best inventory available for international BRIC and emerging market sellers. So something like the Russian site really increases the richness of selection that Russian consumers have, for instance, and how easy it is for them to get that inventory, and we are trying to grow our inventory that appeals to younger demographics. The last thing we are doing is increasing engagement. One of the things that's a good thing about a mobile user, they tend to engage more frequently even if they don't always buy, and some of the stuff we are doing with eBay Feed and our mobile apps are driving growth -- growing engagement with those customers. So, we still dont not have enough data to sort of what would I call highly predictive cohorts, but we like the demographic. We like the trends and we are working on making sure that we grow those users into valuable long-term customers.
Colin Sebastian - RW Baird: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Gil Luria from Wedbush Securities.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to revisit the Braintree acquisition. You talked about some of this during your release, but could you elaborate a little bit what the economics are for them? How many of their transactions were acquired versus just gateway? What that translates into the revenue they are going to contribute next year? And what are some of the opportunities for you to build on their economics, introducing PayPal as a payment option maybe becoming the acquirer for some of those transactions. What's the potential there, how would you rank the most important contributions that you are going to get from Braintree?
John Donahoe: Yes, Gil, why don't I just quickly revisit the rationale of why we acquired Braintree and then Bob maybe you can talk about some of the specific questions Gil was asking. We have been watching Braintree for the last 12 to 18 months and really liked the progress they are making in two very important markets. First, with developers. They built a really simple product that developers find very attractive to integrate into their new products and new businesses. As you know, we have been developing our developer product as well, but when we finally looked at it side-by-side, we decided that we were best off taking Braintree's and then merging ours into it, so the developer community we think is the real growth opportunity for eBay going forward or PayPal going forward and will use Braintree. Second, Braintree has done a great job of becoming the payments provider for many of the new economy or sharing economy companies that are growing and growing quite rapidly, and their payment solution really works well for those, so what we really like about it is, it positions PayPal into these two high-growth markets, but then the last thing they have is they acquired a little company called Venmo which has a user experience on mobile payments that is pretty compelling. It allows you to basically with one-click payment pay across different apps that Braintree powers across someone's mobile device, so we thought this company was a nice fit with PayPal to help us build almost a payments OS, and we will run it separately. Bill Ready will report to David, but we will do everything we can to leverage PayPal's strengths to help Braintree expand internationally and to ensure that we are developing the most competitive products for the developer community and also working with that Venmo Touch to see if we link that to PayPal's user base and PayPal accounts.
Bob Swan: Gil, I had follow-on. In terms of the business model and the economics, its ease of integration and its relationship with developer communities has enabled it to get dramatic organic growth, so as we indicated at the time of the announcement, roughly $12 billion of TPV volume where the service provide is primarily a no risk PSP Flash gateway and the implications that are really three things for us. One is, significant volume, but we don't record gateway-type TPV in our external metrics, so for the most product it's not going to be a dramatic change on TPV. Secondly, because of the nature of the service they provide, they get insight into all transactions that get processed, however their take rate is very low relative to ours, so the revenue impact is relatively small. Then third the opportunities and John touched on these is, how do you leverage their relationship with developers, mobile users, sharing economy, merchants, coupled with PayPal integration, so over time Braintree gets visibility to all transactions and PayPal as a source or only way to pay can get enhanced economics as it gets share check out on Braintree merchants, so that's kind of the strategic and then the financial implications for the business for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Just two things related to payments. First, could you just talk about what you think was the most impactful in terms of driving the acceleration in merchant services. Then, secondly, if you could help us break down the impact in terms of the lower take rate that we saw. I know you mentioned three things there. If you could help us put percentages around that and how we should think about those going forward? Thanks.
John Donahoe: First a modest acceleration in that, so 29% up to 30%, we feel good about. We don't feel great, we would love to see more acceleration in the business, primarily merchants' equity in the online world has given us kind of the modest growth when you cut through it all. In terms of the lower take rate, it's really got some consistency in this metric that you have seen over time. First the more we grow our merchant services business relative to eBay and the more in that merchant services we have a larger merchant mix which are both extremely important to us and all good stuff, the lower the take rate. Think about that as maybe a little more than the one-third of the decline in the take rate year-on-year. The second thing is, our FX hedges. We hedge our international exposures in PayPal through the revenue line. In the quarter the impact from our hedges were not as favorable as they were a year ago. It had less than a third impact and that's one that will not - well may or may not continue. It's more how we hedge and what the impact is. The third one. It has to deal with cross-border trade. And I think about this as kind of not quite a third but in that magnitude. And what it is, as we grow our cross-border trade and help merchants reach consumers in new markets, how we monetize that, can change over time. So if a U.K. merchant is selling into Germany, we could help them grow their business by setting up local accounts. They get better growth. They eliminate some of the restriction locally for their consumer and all that keeps our take rate is down a little bit. For us we think that's a great thing for merchants. We think it's a great thing for the health of the business. The negative impact is it has an impact on our take rate. That one will continue as well and that's not a new phenomena. So if you want to use roughly a-third, a-third, a-third I think two of those are things that are fundamentally good decisions that we make over time to grow our merchant relationship. The impact is a lower take rate and likewise we believe higher volume for the business and our merchants.
Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan: Great. Thanks, Bob.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Thank you. Good evening or good afternoon. A couple of questions. One was, at the beginning of the year, I think you guys talked about making investments specifically around holiday season. I was wondering if you could just talk about some of those during the holiday season and what you are anticipating in terms of returns on those investments? Then secondly, just specific to PayPal, I was just wondering if you could talk about your discussions with the retailers today. I know you guys have an offline strategy and you have talked about your penetration rates and expect penetration rates, but maybe you could just talk about how those discussions have progressed and maybe how close you are to getting some of the other merchant acquires that have been hold out to sign on? Thank you.
John Donahoe: So maybe I will take the fist and you take the second.
Bob Swan: Sure.
John Donahoe: So I think on holiday season, I think Sanjay, our coming in the year was more about maybe for the full year we are going to accelerate the level of investments across the company in several key vectors whether it was expand globally, where it was expand though Omnichannel locally or whether it was to expand with data and engagement. I think as a company, we have said we are going to make more investments during the course of 2013 and in the fourth quarter what we would see from those higher investments during the course of the year is more leverage on higher growth. So that's kind of generically where we were and what we have been doing in terms of investment during the year. If you isolate the fourth quarter or maybe more marketplace, or eBay specifically, our expectation is that we will be making more investments as we always do and usually the more challenging the economic times, the more we believe that we have to lean in on behalf of our merchants to spend more on sales and marketing related activities that drive higher growth. So in that's specific area we always spend more Q3 to Q4 reflected in our guidance as we will in fact be leaning in and spending more on sales and marketing.
Bob Swan: And then Sanjay, I think your question was around the merchant conversations and we go offline and the impact on acquirer. We are in essence, continuing to move ahead and what we said earlier this year and same for the last really 12 to 18 months, which is we want to build out as close to ubiquitous acceptance as possible over a period of multiple years, so that involves direct conversations with the very largest merchant and those continue. That involves the other end of the spectrum growing out PayPal here, clearly very, very smallest. Then further up, the largest segment which is a middle segment, working with the existing people on the ecosystem. We are not trying to go around the payments ecosystem, we are trying to work with the merchant acquires, we are trying to work with the existing point-of-sale providers to integrate PayPal into the existing hardware and software - really infrastructure in the payments offline world. We are continuing to make progress in doing that. It's sort of one step at a time and merchants continue. The good news is merchants continue to have very much want to get PayPal to point-of-sale, thus they want to be able to offer their consumers easy enhanced ways to pay and also have a direct relationship with those consumers when they are in the stores. One of the things is perhaps been the biggest progress in Q3 or the newest progress is actually less than a merchant site it's more in getting our mobile app, the PayPal mobile app re-launched and for our iOS and for Android. You see now, you can easily discover what merchants around your accept PayPal, so that makes it easier for consumers and then we have been focused on couple of consumer used cases where we are trying to take a consumer pain points and in some very targeted geography really maybe even neighborhoods where we are working on order ahead which is a used case that consumer say they want. We had some early indication about the case. The ability to pay at table, without having to wait for your check and offering merchants the opportunity to provide a closed group offer to a consumer in their stores, so all of this is trying to increase the value that PayPal would bring to a merchant and which I think in time will increase everyone in the pressure, if you will, or the incentive for every one of payment ecosystem to help support these solutions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Of the 34 merchants that you added to the platform that opened up shops on the eBay platform this quarter, is there a sense that you can give us any sort of commonality? Are those coming to you from a similar sized merchant group? Are they more concentrated in some verticals versus others, and to what extent are they taking all or largely all of the various offerings that you have got within the e-commerce stack. How broadly are they utilizing eBay as a platform now?
John Donahoe: I know that you are a big eBay shopper, so I am sure you know the answer already, because you are always on the site. I think what you have is a mix in terms of both, retail brand, but I would say for brands it's a bit easier. I think, secondly, characteristics-wise, the verticals with higher gross margins, who can spend more to drive demands through alternative distribution channels like eBay. I think the way the relationship builds is they start out trying with a relatively narrow selection, test and learn, expand the selection about what moves and then evolves into multiple different formats, a daily deal to try something where they have deep SKU inventory and/or fast and tight experiences where we use what historically we call fashion vault as a category to display their inventory in new and different ways, so it kind of is retailer's brand, verticals, higher growth margins tendencies, start with a store and then expand into other formats is kind of how the relationships have been building.
Bob Swan: We are very upfront. We are still working to find ways to allow these brands and retailers to fully leverage eBay marketplace. So it's an ongoing, I don't know, call it learning journey, if you will, but more and more of them, I think, our trying to leverage the platform and leverage the traffic. Also eBay Now, some of them want to tie some things in with eBay Now and they are looking really to leverage the eBay Inc. full set of assets. When we sit down with retailers, in fact we were having dinner with one last week, Bob and I were. He said, what I really want access to the eBay Inc. set of assets and all the innovation you are doing around mobile, around local. So they are open to exploring ways to take full advantage of that. And we are still learning how to most effectively deliver and leverage that.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Scott Devitt from Morgan Stanley.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. I was wondering just for the last six months since the Analyst Day, given some of the things that you faced in 2013. Bob how you think about the ranges that you gave at the Analyst Day, the earnings growth range and then the profit margin ranges for the Marketplaces and PayPal business? I know you are not necessarily interested in updating that but I think there is a lot of debate in the investment community around your ability to get to those numbers given the way that this year's played out. So I would be interested in getting your updated thoughts there. And then secondly just to follow-up on Braintree. I know with Bill Me Later, it may be more complicated to get deep integration to PayPal because there is a credit decision that's made but with Braintree that may not be the case. So I was wondering on the frontend to the extent that as there is opportunity to basically synchronize accounts so that PayPal customers have access to Braintree account without having to separately signup for account? And on the back end of that, does Braintree compete directly with Mobile Express Checkout or are they separate product offerings? Thanks.
Bob Swan: Yes, Scott. First just a quick reminder of our multi-year outlook. Enable e-commerce volume of $175 billion and growing to $300 billion or roughly 19% growth rate. To that, mobile is going to be a significant contributor and our intention was to lead and while overall growth was in the 19% to 20%, mobile would be more in the 65% growth rate over that three year time frame. Then third, we set our take rate or that role that we play in all the Inc technologies that merchants consume over that three year time frame will go from roughly 8% to 7.5%. So that's tied to the macro things about strategically what it is we are trying to do and how we are going after it. Year one, or as we characterize it, three deposits into the 12 deposit journey, e-commerce volume is up roughly 21%. Mobile volume is up roughly 80% over the first three quarter and our take rate is right around 7.6%. So at the lower end of the range. So in that context, in terms of strategically what we are trying to do and the momentum at the enterprise we feel relatively good. At the same time obviously, in year one of our about three year journey, we are at the lower end of 2013's revenue and earnings range and we have characterized macroeconomic being a little worse than we expected, currency being a little worst than we expected but we continued to invest in the things that John highlighted so we can be accelerating growth over the three year timeframe. So that backdrop on what we said is kind of where we are 270 days through. Then the last thing I would say is, right I am not thinking about selflessly. I am not thinking about '14 or '15 right now. We are thinking about delivering for our merchants in the fourth quarter this year and as we get through the year one of the journey, we will provide more context for how we think about '14 in January.
John Donahoe: Let me just build, just kind of try a little bit of color. Bob talked about the numbers. Let me say where my focus is. So we have also had a year where there has been a lot of macro things going on. Headwinds in Europe, and Korea, and now the U.S. and uncertainty about the government and those are uncertainties frankly that we can't control. What I am focused on and what David and Devin and Bob and our leadership is focused on, what we can control. While I feel good about our portfolio and I feel good that we are investing in the right areas, I do feel we need to accelerate the pace with which we are rolling out products, identifying what's working and what's not, scaling what is working, so we have developed a lot of new products this year and that's good. The product pipeline is stronger than it has been, but we need to get them to market more quickly. Iterate, learn and then scale what's working and so rest assured that when you hear its inside our meetings with, I guess, David and Devin and Bob, we are focused on how do we accelerate our pace, how do we accelerate execution and ensure that the good products and innovations that we are investing in and that we are developing, translate into incremental growth and we are going to be very focused on that in Q4 and very focused on that in 2014, so we are far from satisfied in terms of what we think we can achieve. It is an enormous market, we are well positioned, we are making the right investments, we have had good momentum, but we want to take it to the next level and that's certainly the hunger and motivation that I feel are now we all feel. Let's see, your other - Braintree?
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: Yes.
John Donahoe: Braintree doesn't compete with Express Checkout. No, because Braintree captures a 100% of its customers payments and that's the beauty of it. It covers a 100% of their payments across all channels whether it's mobile apps or web and so as we are PayPal Express Checkout only covers the PayPal portion, so PayPal will be one of the alternatives in the full suite of Braintree solutions, but they don't really compete. I think as merchants get larger and some of Braintree's largest merchants are looking to add PayPal's Express Checkout button on as one of the ways you would pay and then we are finding nice ways to leverage Braintree and PayPal. As you said, I think we will have the ability to have seamless account creation for consumers and so that if you are registered as a PayPal user then you will be able to use any Braintree-enabled path or customer site.
Operator: Our next question comes from (Inaudible).
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. You talked in the past about the retooling efforts of the PayPal platform and how difficult that would be to speed up earlier than I think it was like a three-year timeframe, so just wondering when you think about the acquisition of Braintree and how that can impact this effort. I mean, will it increase the scope, costs and timeframe of that project or could it potentially speed it up and actually lower overall cost and how should we think about that?
Bob Swan: Well, thanks for the question. Let me just comment first on the re-platforming for PayPal, Glenn, which is quite important. David is sitting across me, he has more grey hair at the end of the year than he did at the beginning, because re-doing this platform is essential for us to accelerate the pace of innovation and allow us to rollout some of the new products. We are actually holding some of our new products to roll them out on the new stack to do it more efficiently, so our re-platforming efforts are on track. It is sort of I would year end to three years. Some of the newest experiences are built on the new stack, if you will, and that will continue. Braintree does not really slow it down. What it does is, allows us to run the, what I call the unbranded payments platform parallel to the kind of core PayPal platform. What Braintree really does is, it's the unbranded payments and gateway platform and so that will consider to keep those separate, we will over time be merging the PayPal unbranded volume to the Braintree platform, so it allows us. You could say it accelerates things and it allows us to go side-by-side. It won't make the PayPal piece itself go any faster, but it just means, it's one last thing we have to re-platform on the PayPal site.
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research: Just have one more if you don't mind? To the extent you can answer it, it would cure some of the issues out there among investors. But a lot of decision about one-click checkout solutions. We are getting a lot of questions about checkout by Amazon. So there is probably a portion of your TPV that's protected because it come from retailers that compete Amazon and probably would never use their solution. So to help ameliorate some of the concerns, can you roughly segments for us the percent of TPV that comes from merchant set given their demographic and footprint probably wouldn't work with Amazon? Maybe it's a 50-50, 60-40 rough order of magnitude.
Bob Swan: 78.4678%. Glenn, I don't know. My reaction is they all should worry. So I don't know if we have that. I am sure we don't have that card data but here is what we are doing, which is ensuring that the PayPal checkout process and checkout experience is as good as it possibly can be. So any of you that, and I am sure many of you do, use eBay mobile apps whether it's your smartphone or a tablet. It's one click checkout. It's fast. It's simple. It's easy. Increasingly, the new checkout experience that the PayPal teams built for web, as the new stack rolls out, as the new platform rolls out, you will see it. It's a significantly enhanced and improved checkout experience. Some of the checkout experiences that we are developing for the offline world, things like Beacon, actually are no click, if you really look at it. So our focus is ensuring that PayPal user experience makes significant progress over the coming months and years. We have got products built. They are in the pipeline. We will be rolling them out just like we have rolled them out on to the eBay web and mobile apps.
Tom Hudson: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And our final question comes from Brian Pitz from Jefferies.
Brian Pitz - Jefferies: Thanks. Two questions. One, you simplified your listing fees in the second quarter about the same time Amazon implemented some fee changes as well. Have you seen any impact on GMV or the net number of sellers on your platform over that time period? Then secondly, any update on StubHub? Are you seeing any impact to growth from their very aggressive push along with Ticketmaster and with professional sports leagues such as the NFL taking tickets and putting it on their ticket exchange. We have been hearing some pretty negative things in terms of how aggressive they are being? Thanks, any color there would be great.
John Donahoe: Yes. I would say on listing fee simplification, the primary impact that you are seeing is a dramatic expansion in selection. So I think right before we did it, we were around 450 million items into a variety of things whether its same fee simplification, expanding relationship with large merchants we are over 0.5 billion listings today. And in terms of, obviously the broader selection we have the more we serve up the right inventory that impacts the growth of the business.
Bob Swan: StubHub, I would say, Brian, is what all of our - so StubHub continues a very strong growth and I think a strong growth is going to attract competition over time, but what we are doing with StubHub is we are investing heavily in providing these absolute best consumer experience out there. And if you look at the consumer experience, the consumer net promoter scores, the way we absolutely guarantee fans have the best possible experience on StubHub. That's the best way to address any competition now or down the road. And that also will drive the most traffic to StubHub which drives the highest price realization. So I would say StubHub has some of the absolute best consumer experiences on our portfolio. And it has a rabid commitment to delivering great experiences. If you ever have a problem at StubHub they make it right. That's the most powerful way to compete, which is having the absolute best consumer experience. That's reflected in our traffic which is, I think, reflected in the growth rate. So we will continue to make that kind of investment in StubHub business and we think that is the best way to continue to compete going over time. So I guess that's it, Tom.
Tom Hudson: Yes.
Bob Swan: So thanks everyone and we will talk to you at the end of the holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Donahoe - President and Chief Executive Officer. Robert Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tom Hudson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Youssef Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Ron Josey - JMP Securities Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Research Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the eBay second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later well conduct a question-and-answer-session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, todays conference may be recorded. Its now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2013. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the IR section of eBays website at http://investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the third quarter and full year 2013 and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces, and eBay Enterprise businesses. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in political, business, and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; our need to successfully react to the increasingly importance of mobile payments and commerce and increasing social aspects of commerce and increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexities of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity, our need to manage regulatory tax and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and Bill Me Later and our need to timely upgrade and develop our systems, infrastructure and customer service capabilities at a reasonable cost while maintaining sites stability and performance and adding new products and features. You can find more information about the factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at http://investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of July 17, 2013 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update it. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to our Q2 earnings call. We had a strong second quarter enabling $51 billion of commerce volume, up 21%. Revenue was up 14% and non-GAAP EPS was up 12%. And double-digit active user growth continued to accelerate for both eBay and PayPal. Our second quarter and first half performance underscores our company's strengths and opportunities. Led by mobile, our commerce revolution is underway and we're well-positioned to capitalize on the accelerated changes happening globally. We're a mobile commerce leader, adding more than 3 million new customers in Q2 through mobile. eBay and PayPal each expect to do $20 billion of mobile commerce and payments volume this year. And our global commerce platforms are a competitive advantage enabling commerce to happen anytime, anywhere. In Q2, we generated $11 billion of cross border trade through our platforms, 22% of total enabled commerce volume for the quarter. With our technology outsets and capabilities, we are enabling new retail interfaces. For example, our partnership in Q2 with Kate Spade Saturday re-imagines the storefront window as a 7x24 shoppable screen. We are also creating diverse new consumer experiences. From more ordering online and picking up in store to ordering via mobile and having the product delivered to you wherever you are. To ordering lunch ahead and skipping a long line, innovation is everywhere and the seamless, web-enabled, omni-channel, multi-screen commerce environment is rapidly emerging. We intend to be a leader in this new commerce world. Before getting into our second quarter results, let me briefly recap three things we shared with you at our investor day earlier this year. First, with technology accelerating change in how consumers shop, our company has a bigger addressable market, the $10 trillion commerce market. By 2015 we expect to enable $300 billion in commerce volume up from a $175 billion in 2012. This is one of the ways we will measure our success. Second, our core businesses are strong. We've proven monetization models and we've built a powerful set of technology and innovation capabilities. And third, we see four emerging battlegrounds of omni-channel commerce, mobile, local, global and data. And our global commerce platforms, technology assets and innovation capabilities leave us well positioned to lead and compete. We have clear strengths, opportunities and capabilities in each area. In this environment, both retailers and brands need a partner and that's who we are, a partner, not a competitor. Our success is strongly tied to enabling others to win, whether an entrepreneur or a global brand. Commerce is never a zero sum game and in this period of disruption and innovation we believe technology should enable more opportunity for everyone. Now let's take a look at the quarter, starting with PayPal. In Q2, PayPal continued to expand its footprint, increasing merchant coverage and share of checkout. Finishing the quarter with a 132 million active accounts globally, PayPal added almost 5 million new accounts during the period, the fifth consecutive quarter of accelerated growth. Merchant services generated strong growth of 29% for the quarter, accelerating three points from Q1 and representing $30 billion of payment volume. PayPal continues to be a global leader in mobile payments, generating strong growth and driving incremental sales for merchants. Mobile is enabling seamless shopping experiences for consumers and PayPal is focused on delivering great product experiences for merchants and consumers anytime, anywhere. For example, RadioShack went live in Q2 with PayPal's point of sale options in the majority of their U.S. locations. PayPal is all also driving innovation for small merchants. The cash for registers program was announced in Q2 and went live earlier this month in the U.S. PayPal is waiving transaction fees for up to $20,000 of transactions per month through January 2014 for the first 10,000 merchants who qualify. With a 132 million digital wallets in the cloud, availability in 193 countries and unmatched global risk management capabilities, PayPal has powerful competitive advantages. PayPal's core business is strong and growing. And as merchants and consumers meet better, more convenient and smarter payment options across every commerce channel, PayPal is committed to leading disruptive innovation. Now let's turn to marketplaces. In Q2, eBay's core or non-vehicles GMV grew 13% over the prior year. And in the U.S. core GMV growth was up 16%. Active user growth was also up making this the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerating double-digit growth. Performance was driven by continued site improvements and by eBay's focus on delivering consumers abundant selection at great value with personalized trusted shopping experiences. Top rated sellers continue to deliver a great experience and outpace e-commerce growth, accounting for 45% of U.S. GMV in Q2. Their same-store sales grew 22%. Fixed price listings accounted for 69% of GMV globally and half of all U.S. transactions included free shipping in Q2. eBay continued to see strong growth in mobile. eBay mobile attracted 2 million new users in Q2 and drove an average of 5.6 million listings per week through eBay sellers. The pace of innovation continues to accelerate at eBay. For example, Cassini, eBay's new search engine was fully rolled out to North America in Q2. And shipping is another way where eBay is continuing to innovate. eBay's global shipping program added eight countries in Q2, bringing the total to 36. This program makes international shipping for sellers easier and it creates a more trusted experience for buyers with shipments now fully trackable. These are examples of the range of product enhancements and initiatives being implemented by eBay to improve the buyer experience, create more consistent retail-like standards and drive increased selection. eBay is driving growth by pulling multiple levers which collectively deliver a great customer experience. Now let me briefly touch on eBay Enterprise. In Q2, we rebranded GSI Commerce to its new name, eBay Enterprise. The new name best captures this business today, a commerce partner of choice for retailers and brands and it captures its role in our company. eBay Enterprise continued its success in Q2 by enabling its retail clients to grow faster than e-commerce. Same-store sales grew 19%. We feel very good about eBay enterprise's ability to deliver omni-channel solutions that leverage eBay Inc. capabilities. So in summary, our company had a strong second quarter and first half. And as we look at ahead to the second half of the year, we expect continued macroeconomic headwinds in Europe and Korea. Despite that, we still expect to deliver within the range of our guidance for the full year. We have a strong core business and we feel very good about our strengths and competitive advantages and global opportunities in the evolving $10 trillion commerce market. We remain confident in our ability to deliver the goal we have set for ourselves. Now I'll turn it over to Bob who'll provide more details on Q2 and our outlook.
Robert Swan: Thanks John. During my discussion, Ill reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. The first half was a strong start to the year and Q2 was another deposit on our multi-year plan. Total enabled commerce volume in the quarter grew 21% to $51 billion. Revenue was $3.9 billion, up 14% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.63, up 12%. User growth accelerated 1 point for both PayPal and Marketplaces. We are maintaining our full year guidance, yet expect to be at the lower end of our range on both the top and bottom line. Ill provide more context on this later. As we discussed at Analyst Day in March, we're expanding our addressable market, had a portfolio positioned to capitalize and lead and are accelerating our mobile leadership position and the rate of innovation in our company. As the strategic partner of choice for merchants of all sizes, we enabled $51 billion of commerce volume at a take rate of 7.7%. Our take rate has declined slightly as our faster growing business PayPal has a lower take rate. We enabled a $100 billion of commerce volume in the first half of the year with a growth rate in line with our three year plan. Now let's take a closer look through results from the quarter. In Q2 we generated net revenues of $3.9 billion, up 14%. Organic revenue growth was 15% with the divestiture of rent.com in the second quarter last year decreasing growth by approximately half a point. Second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.63, up 12%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.3%, down 100 basis points due primarily to a benefit from an indirect tax settlement in the second quarter last year as well as business mix. We generated free cash flow of $658 million in the quarter. CapEx was 9% of revenue primarily due to investments in search, data and site operations. Now let's take a closer look to our segment results. PayPal had a strong quarter. Revenue reached $1.6 billion, up 21% on an FX neutral basis. A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics. Total active accounts growth accelerated one point to 17%. TPV on an FX neutral basis accelerated three points and grew 25%, driven primarily by continued expansion at PayPal and merchant sites around the world and increase in share of checkout and 160 basis points increase in PayPal penetration on eBay. Merchant services FX neutral TPV grew 29% in the quarter. Transaction margin was 64.4% in Q2, down 190 basis points due primarily to large merchant mix and smaller gains on our foreign currency hedges. PayPal segment margins came in at 23% for the quarter, down 280 basis points due primarily to lower transaction margin and investments in consumer awareness, product initiatives and merchant ubiquity. Let me touch on a few quick highlights for Bill Me Later. BML had a good quarter and is becoming an increasingly important component of our overall portfolio. BML had strong standalone financials with TPV of $934 million, up 34%. BML's penetration as a funding source in the PayPal wallet was 4.1% share on eBay in the U.S. and 1.8% on merchant services. This penetration improved PayPal's funding mix and helped to reduce overall funding costs. We continue to finance the BML loan receivable portfolio using offshore cash which has enabled us to increase the return on this asset. Overall, BML continues to perform well. Now let's turn to Marketplaces. Marketplaces had a strong quarter with net revenues of $2 billion, up 10% on an FX neutral basis. Revenue growth was negatively impacted by two points from lapping a onetime gain from an indirect tax settlement. Growth was driven by FX neutral transaction revenue growth of 10% and marketing services revenue growth of 12% from our adjacent formats. A few quick highlights on our Marketplaces operational metrics. Active user growth accelerated to 14% driven by mobile, site enhancements and emerging markets. FX neutral non-vehicle GMV grew 13%, driven primarily by improvements in the customer experience, mobile and strong performance in the auto parts and accessories and home & garden categories. Sold items increased 11%. The growth was pressured primarily by tougher comps in Korea from low ASP categories added last year and stricter seller standards in China. Take rate, excluding vehicles, Stub Hub and the onetime benefit from indirect taxes was down slightly from last year due to higher promotional activity in our international markets. Marketplaces segment margin was 39.7% in Q2, up 10 basis points primarily due to productivity partially offset by investments in the user experience and trust. Now let's turn to eBay Enterprise. eBay Enterprise continues to deliver on its goal to enable its clients to grow faster than ecommerce market with 19% same-store sales growth. Revenue for Q2 was $246 million, up 11% driven by strong volume growth offset by a lower take rate and channel mix. Segment margins came in at 4.4%, down 30 basis points due to take rate reductions partially offset by productivity. Turning to operating expenses. In the second quarter, our operating expenses were 43.5% of revenue, down 110 basis points. Operating expense was down due mainly to lower sales in marketing from improved marketing efficiencies and a shift in spend to product and user experience, partially offset by provisions for transaction loan losses resulting from higher loss experienced in the quarter and investments in marketplaces trust initiatives. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $11.7 billion, including approximately $3 billion in the U.S. We've improved our financial flexibility, funding 65% of the BML loan receivables portfolio with offshore cash in the quarter. And we repurchased 8.5 million shares of our common stock for approximately $466 million. With that let me turn to guidance. First, a little context on our business outlook. First, the macro environment in Korea is weak and Europe is slower than we expected, impacting both PayPal and Marketplaces. Second, currency has continued to deteriorate through the first six months of the year and we have greater headwinds as the U.S. dollar strengthen versus the Euro, Pound, Australian Dollar and Korean Won. And third, we expect tax rate to be approximately 19.5% at the high end of our previous guidance due to less contribution from our international businesses. Notwithstanding these, we expect to be within our previous full year guidance. But anticipate being at the lower end of revenue and non-GAAP EPS of $16 billion to $16.5 billion and $2.70 to $2.75 per share. We expect modest revenue acceleration from the first half of the year to the second half. For the third quarter, we expect revenue of $3.85 billion to $3.95 billion, representing growth of 13% to 16%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.61 to $0.63, representing growth of 12% to 15%. In summary, we feel good about our performance. Our core businesses had a strong quarter and we continue to test and learn in our adjacencies and see such as local, global and omni-channel. PayPal continues its strong growth with increasing focus on simplifying and improving the customer experience. Marketplaces is strong, particularly in the U.S. driven by investments in buyer and seller experiences. And eBay Enterprise is performing in line with our expectations as we continue to invest in technology and growing the client portfolio. We are investing in our business for the long-term and we are focused on delivering the next generation of global commerce and payments capabilities. And now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator instructions). And our first question will come from Colin Sebastian with Robert Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Colin Sebastian - Robert W. Baird: Obviously PayPal generated very solid growth in transaction volume. But one follow-up in the segment margin, the sequential decline from Q1, is this reflective of the offline payment service kicking in? And wondering how youre tracking towards the yearend goals in terms of adding merchant acquirers and retail allocations for this initiative?
John Donahoe: Thanks Colin. Yes, the PayPal segment margins are consistent with our historical trends where first quarter and fourth quarter tend to be the higher segment margin rates and Q2 and Q3 tend to be lower. And it's more a function of the investments that we're making around ubiquity in the online and omni-channel world, on investments we're making in the consumer product more than anything. The second thing is, as you see on a year-on-year basis transactions margins were down and that is more a function of a higher take rate last year versus this year as our off eBay growth accelerated. Our large merchant expansion is improving. And then as you know, Colin, the impact of hedges flow through the PayPal revenue line in our gains this year -- this quarter were a little less than last year.
Robert Swan: And then on point of sale progress, it's marching along pretty much as we outlined in March, with PayPal here as the smallest merchant and continuing to grow. And now the (inaudible) being released in the UK and soon to the other countries. Our Discover partnership is now live and I think we have roughly a quarter million locations and we continue to sign direct point of sale merchants. As I mentioned earlier, Radioshack being the latest. So we are going to continue to march our way out to build over the next 2.5 years, build out ubiquity.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan: I just wanted to ask if you think that anything fundamental has changed in your business since the investor day four months ago. How do you get comfortable with the international softness in Korea and Europe in particular being macro rather than competitive or something more fundamental? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Yeah, Doug, we don't really see anything fundamental in the last 90 days other than what both Bob and I commented on, which is the external environment is a little bit softer in a couple of geographies versus what we anticipated at the beginning of the year. We came into the year feeling like the U.S. economy and e-commerce market was going to be solid. And I'd say it's performing probably at or maybe even a little bit better than we would have guessed. We came into the year thinking Europe was going to be, while it was going to be weak it was going to be kind of stable. And what's happened in the first six months of the year is you read the same things we do, that the Eurozone may actually contract this year. Retail is down in both Germany and the UK. And what's a little different this year than the past couple of years is ecommerce growth rates are also coming down in the UK and Germany. And that last year ecommerce held up even and in spite of a challenging market. So, it's not massive but it's just on the margin, it's softer than we thought. And then Korea. Korea, the ecommerce growth rates have dropped by more than 50% year-over-year. They were almost 9%, 10% a year ago, they are at 4% now. And so as you know, we are reasonably weighted towards Europe, Germany and UK and Korea, and so those things are impacting our businesses in the area. But we are executing. We are executing on all the initiatives and all the plans we discussed at our Investor Day. And as we said earlier, in spite of those headwinds we still feel good about how we're executing and performing and expect to come in within our full annual guidance range.
Robert Swan: Hey, Doug, the only thing that I would add which is a fundamental change, not in our business per se but in the environment in which we're operating. Obviously, we're a very global business and international currencies relative to the dollar from beginning of the year are weaker by a little over 4% and from the March, April timeframe weaker by a little over 3%. So, obviously that's not a fundamental dynamic of the business that we operate, that is a dynamic of being a global business exposed to global currencies and that clearly has an impact on us.
Operator: Our next question will come from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: John, just kind of curious, we've now seen over five quarters of accelerating growth in users, particularly Marketplaces, and historically that's had a pretty direct impact on other metrics within the business whether revenue growth or GMV. Is there anything that you are seeing that's sort of different about these incremental users that are coming in now? Are they activating at a lower rate, are they spending less either for geographic reasons, or is there any other sort of context that you can provide around when you expect to see that accelerating user growth translate into the rest of the business?
Robert Swan: Yeah. Well, Heath as you said, and actually both Marketplace and in PayPal we've now got I think four and five straight quarters of accelerating double-digit active user growth, and I feel thrilled about that. You recall a couple of years ago, people were asking, when are you going to start marketing to new users and we waited till we felt like our user experience deserve that. And so really ever since Devin came on Board, hes made this a real focus in the Marketplace business. And what's driving the acceleration of new users is really three things. One, its just by a simple and improved user experience and the word of mouth that goes along with that. Two, mobile. Almost 30% of our new users in the second quarter came from mobile. And so that's a way we're relevant to someone on the spot when they want to trade. And then third, BRIC and emerging markets and frankly how much of the BRIC and emerging markets is also registering on mobile. And so these new users theyre in segments we really like. A, they tend to be -- mobile users tend to be younger. So we like that. They may have less disposable income, but they are younger and we love the lifetime value. And the BRIC and emerging markets, new users are people that we are just coming into the global commerce environment. And again they tend to skew a little bit younger and a little bit -- they tend to start with a little bit lower ASP. So were very glad to be rolling into these segments. And now we're working on increasing both frequency and our ASP with each of the segments to convert them into long term users. And it's still early to tell. We have something we called class curve which are maturity curves of each new cohort of new user. It's still too early to tell if there is any fundamental difference of the slope of those class curves that are a mobile user or a BRIC or emerging market user. But what we like is theyre in segments that we think are fundamentally important and strong segments for our business over the medium to longer term. So I view it as very positive development.
Operator: Our next question will come from Youssef Squali with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead. Your line is open. Your question please.
Youssef Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald: Bob, can you just go back and maybe help explain what drove the declining growth in FX move from Marketplace revenue to that 10% you talked about earlier. This is the lowest weve seen in about five or six quarters. I think you spoke to some tax settlement I think 200 basis points related to tax. So maybe you can talk about that. And then can you also make -- I guess as you talk about eBay or as you comment on eBay now, can you just make that business breakeven on the current $5 offering? Or how should we be thinking about it? Is it just more of a transaction accelerating overtime?
John Donahoe: First Marketplace revenue deceleration Q1 and Q2 was 13% to 10%. The biggest driver of that was you may remember last year, Youssef, we had an indirect tax settlement in one of our international businesses that was [that] oriented, therefore it went to the revenue line. So that item itself contributes to 1.5 points of deceleration. The second thing is what I'd characterize as promotional activities and they came in two ways. One, in our Korean market more directed coupon orientation, which is more of a constant revenue. And the second was this second aspect of promotional activities is things we were doing in some of our European markets to stimulate the supply side of economics that were getting more selection on the side if you will. So those are the two primary drivers. 13 goes to 10 primarily driven by indirect tax settlement from a year ago that we talked about and things we do to stimulate promotion in both Korea and European markets.
Robert Swan: And then, Youssef, on eBay now, what this is really proving and I think it's been ahead of what I would have expected, it's proving that consumers like choice. They like to have the option of when they want something delivered to them, same day if they like that. Interestingly we've been doing it within an hour time window pretty consistently in the three cities we've been doing it. And they like that but they also would like the ability to schedule at some point in the afternoon and so we'll be driving towards that. Retailers like it because it's leveraging their stores as performance centers. And our focus to date has been building a great consumer experience. Where so that -- and I think that's one of the things that's distinguishing our pilots from other pilots right now, is if you talk about consumers that have used it, it works and they like it. Now if you think about rolling it out, and we've announced we'll be going in addition to the three cities to Chicago and to Dallas, we'll begin experimenting on two things. One is driving more scale. One of the things that we have inside the eBay marketplace is we have a fair amount of local transactions where a buyer and seller happen to be in the same city. And so now we'll be exposing those so we can begin to build more density within those cities. And we think we are probably the only people around that with the eBay marketplace volume and the retailer volume we can aggregate in a given city to have the most compelling economics on behalf of pulling multiple retailers together. And then we will experiment with other delivery approaches including taking more of a marketplace approach to delivery, where we have vetted delivery drivers and use, what I might call an uber-like approach to the delivery side. So we think this can be an effective way to offer consumers choice and allow merchants to use their stores as performance centers.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: I guess I had two questions. First, I was just wondering if you could talk about where the ongoing risks might be to your current guidance and perhaps where you might feel you're conservative in your outlook. And then second, I was wondering if you could talk about some of the leaked proposals in the FT last night for Europe and how that might impact PayPal. Specifically, I was just wondering whether you guys have seen any competitive pressure on your cross-border fees as a result of those rates going down for Visa and MasterCard.
John Donahoe: Sanjay, on the first part of your question. Right now, I'd characterize our second half outlook and our outlook for the full year is fairly well balanced. I think what it incorporates is kind of the three things we know today. The U.S., we'd characterize the U.S. macroeconomic environment and our business to be performing well. Europe macroeconomic environment to be not so good but we feel like the actions we've taken are okay, and international and Korea in particular is a high risk but we think we've factored that into our second half outlook. In terms of conservative, look if the European market accelerates we will all feel great, but we're not counting on it. In currencies, I think we've in essence captured spot into our guidance both on the top and bottom line. With the bottom line fairly well hedged, top line obviously will be impacted. So it incorporates kind of our best view about what's transpired through the first six months of the year and how we see the second half playing out.
Robert Swan: Sanjay, on your second question, I make it a general policy not to comment on leaked draft plans. That said, anytime something good comes out, we look at it. And we will, as it evolves for the long haul, we will assess it. But there is nothing -- there is nothing official as yet.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ron Josey with JMP Securities. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ron Josey - JMP Securities: So I want to ask on Cassini which I believe rolled out North America in June at some point. I wanted to see if you are seeing any benefits, I know it's relatively early but see any benefits or lessons learnt since roll out. And specifically, what you are expecting from Cassini maybe increased conversion rates, maybe in the back half of the year. Thank you?
John Donahoe: Yeah, Ron, Cassini represents two things for us. One is the next search platform which we can continue to innovate on. So actually the current user functionality, which I'll describe in a minute, is great, but what's probably as important is it gives us the foundation for the next couple of years to continue with series of iterative search improvements. The search improvement thats coming in its first rollout is simply indexing the entire listing instead of just the title, which does two things. One, it improves the quality of the search result and it reduces our no searches or zero result searches. So were seeing both of that. As with any search change, when an ecosystem as large as ours that when you initially do it, it test negative and then you work hard to get it back to positive or neutral and then you hope to get some positive benefit out of it. And we now think it's in the modestly positive category. I've said this before I'll say it again. Cassini itself is not going to create any discontinuous positive benefit any more than any other search change we've made in the last few years. It's really the combination of Cassini, of other search or user experience changes, of trust changes, of pricing changes that is the combination of those things that we think will drive the positive growth. And so while Im very proud of it, I don't want people to overly isolate it or focus on it because that's just not -- its not how our ecosystems worked over the last five to six years and it's not going to be how it works in the future. I wish there were silver bullets, but there seem to be none in our business. So a lot of our work and pulling lots of levers. But I will say that I do think we have more levers than we ever had to pull going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Schachter with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Research: A couple of questions. One, can you talk about the key milestones that we should look for in PayPal offline? How from the outside can we track the progress there? And then the second part, loan losses seems to be going up a bit more than we would expect. What do the trends look like here? How should we think about how high that can go? What does it look like a year from now et cetera? Thanks.
Robert Swan: Ben, on PayPal offline, here is the way we look at this, which is mobile is blurring this boundary between what used to be online and what used to be offline. And we are looking at this as a significant opportunity to increase our addressable market over the medium to long-term and our investment horizon is over the medium to long-term. So as I look at it, we continue to leverage our strength on the web and were the leader there and our MS TPV numbers reflect that. We're continuing to leverage our strength in mobile. And in some cases mobile is adding what you might call a digital shopping experience. In other cases mobile -- even in our current results, is something you could have said what used to be an offline experience. So take something like eBay now. When you use eBay now, you're paying with PayPal. That's in essence for our "offline transaction." It's just not happening in a store. And the same thing is happening now in Australia and in the UK, where we're out using PayPal as way to pay in over 2,000 cafes and restaurants in Australia and now in some cinemas and taxis and places that might have been characterized as offline, but now via a mobile device consumers can use PayPal to pay. The more future-oriented area which is more Greenfield is using PayPal to pay inside a classic physical retail store. And that's --- what we're doing there is doing just what we talked about in our Investor Day which is building out your (inaudible) over to the next two, three, four years and then trying to serve or develop and solve customer pain points. PayPal has never been about just replacing current payments mechanisms by trying to do same thing. It tries to solve customer pain points. And so we are standing in line as a customer pain point. So were trying to solve that. Waiting for a check in a restaurant is a customer pain point. We're trying to solve that. Merchants are looking to strengthen their connections with their customers by allowing easy access to loyalty programs or offering coupons or offers while theyre in the store or enabling private label cards. And so we're driving our product roadmap to enable those kinds of experiences. And well begin experimenting with those in different retailers in different geographies around the world. That last category I'd characterize as more Greenfield and that's why in our three year numbers we put some of the things that are more certain in the numbers and a lot of the less certain things. We said we can't estimate exactly when we'll get consumer loss in any attraction, so we didn't put them in our three year numbers.
John Donahoe: Ben, on your second question. First I'd say, and as you know we use Bill Me Later as a product and a vehicle to drive more engagement on our -- for merchants on and off eBay. And we do that in essence of lowering our processing cost and using our offshore cash to generate higher returns. That's how we use the product offering. In terms of how we leverage our risk management capabilities to make credit decisions, what we are trying to do is generate portfolio economics that generate a 14% to 16% return on net asset deployed. And in essence what that means -- and that's kind of where we've been for a long time. Sometimes we take a little more calculated risk which will drive up net charge-offs at the same time it usually results in higher revenue. So, net charge-offs have gone up a little bit. We are at the high end of our 14% to 16% risk-adjusted margin range and we feel pretty good about where we are. If I were to project forward I think we'll stay within the 14% to 16% range in the foreseeable future and I expect net charge-offs to levelize, stabilize a little bit in the next six to 12 months.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gil Luria with Wedbush Securities. Your questions, please.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: In terms of how you're rolling out the improvements to marketplace. I think when you started with the first set of improvements 3, 4, 5 years ago, you wrote some of those internationally and then brought them to the U.S. and that's when you saw the big impact. Are you doing the opposite now? Are more of the changes happening now in the U.S. to be rolled out later internationally, and if so, what's the timeline for that?
John Donahoe: Yeah, Gill, frankly, what's really happening now, back then we were putting them in a market that we thought was most specific. And then that happened to be the UK in many cases we rolled back to the U.S. Now, frankly, we've got many in the U.S. we've got some other things internationally. So something like Cassini, we've rolled first in the U.S. and now we'll roll it out more internationally. There is some other trust and other innovations we might try in a country and roll back. The short answer to your question is, and it may be an unsatisfying one but it's the truth, is all of those things are contained in the growth rates we put into what Devin talked about it at analyst day. And I don't see anything that's discontinuous, where there is something that's significantly proven in region one and when we roll it out region two, it will do a significant bump. We do have a number of things that we will roll out in Europe and in the international markets in the second half and really into the first half of next year. And we have a few things on the trust front that are happening in other countries will roll back into the U.S. But I'd again, I would message a fair amount of steadiness as those things roll out. And we're getting better I think at the rolling out, because we don't like discontinuous things up or down and we try to avoid them.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Then a quick follow up. You talked about the fact that your assumptions about Europe and Korea have you gotten worse from three months ago. Have your assumption in the U.S. gotten better from three months ago and are you assuming further improvement for the second half of the year for the U.S. consumer or the same behavior that we're seeing now.
Robert Swan: I would say no change in the U.S. from where we were three months ago but at the same time back in -- we told you back in April that from where we were in January, that U.S. was a little bit better and Europe was a little bit weaker. And I think no real change from those dynamics from April as it relates to the U.S.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets: Two quick questions at the investor day earlier this year, you did bit of a deep dive into the Russia market. Any quick update there, and then secondly any updated thoughts on uses of cash for share buybacks and just remind us how much of your current cash is domiciled in the U.S. Thank you very much.
John Donahoe: Mark, on Russia, I'd say nice progress in the first half of this year and that really, I guess it was December in first half this year when we got our PayPal, or in essence domestic payments license. And then second we've launched our Russian language site, I think end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter. And we actually ran some TV advertising in Russia, which turns out to be fairly economic during the second quarter. And we're seeing nice growth rates in our Russian business. Obviously it's all import business. We're continuing to work on how do you really make it easier to ship into Russia. But we're seeing very nice growth rates in our Russian business and we believe we continue to be the largest B2C seller in Russia.
Robert Swan: The number one player and growing. Mark, on your second question, just about $11.7 billion in cash in total. About $3 billion of that $11.7 billion is here in the U.S. And philosophically in terms of deployment, no real change. Organic investment, number one priority, Bill Me later loan portfolio growth, the biggest consumption. We'll continue to be acquisitive as a company. And then on share repurchase we basically have for a while now the philosophy to offset dilution from our comp based programs. And we expect that to continue in the second quarter. What that meant was we bought back just about 8.5 million shares at $466 million.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank: Just two quick questions. John, you guys have talked about the clocks speed initiative for Marketplaces where you can now ship new product I think once or twice a week versus once every six months a few years ago. So I was just curious, what's the equivalent clock speed initiative looking like on the PayPal side? How quickly are you guys able to ship new innovations either on the merchant or the consumer side for PayPal? And then Bob, you guys did the small Belgian classifieds acquisition. Any revenue or expense included from that in the second half guidance? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Ross, on clock speed, what enabled that was the hard work that Mark Carges led over the last really three to five years to re-platform the Marketplaces core technology platform initially with the search platform and frankly continues to rev 2.0 of that. And then it was other elements of the Marketplace technology platform that then enables more iterative rapid innovation. And I'd say PayPals three years behind where Marketplace was. So we really just began what Id call fundamental re-platforming effort in PayPal last year and we're a year into it. And some of the new features, we're shifting around the new stack and that new stack is more robust. It allows more iterative and faster approach. But it's going to be a three year slog to work our way through the PayPal re-platforming. I wish I could make it go faster, but we can't and more resource doesn't make it go faster. So the good news is the PayPal team is on the same path the Marketplace team was. And youll begin to see some benefits I think next year in PayPal's clock speed in certain areas with those features and things and they are on the new part of the stack will increase clock speed. But it's over the next three years that I think you'll see the significant acceleration in clock speed in PayPal that we're now seeing and enjoying in Marketplace.
Robert Swan: Ross, on the Belgian acquisition, yeah we just announced and closed that a week or two ago. Rest assured every bit of the revenues reflected in our guidance and it's not material.
Tom Hudson: Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Understood. Our final question will come from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse: So Bob, just to build on your earlier comments around the decrease in the Marketplaces take rate. I guess that should take on more promotional activities and this seems to be arriving in conjunction with the decrease in the overall marketing spend as a percentage of revenue. So should we view this as a more deliberate shift in your marketing mix? And has your take rate or is this a security ROI driven temporary shift fact?
John Donahoe: I think the general theme of us continuing to pull a variety of different levers to stimulate user growth and engagement on the site is something that you've seen for a while, and I think you should continue to -- you will continue to see. I think more specifically for the quarter, what that's meant for the last couple quarters is while we've increased our sales and marketing spend overall as a percent of revenue, it's come down i.e. we've gotten more efficient in it in higher returns. But we're investing more on products, innovation R&D. We're investing more in buyer protection that flows through the eBay guarantees. And we continue to pull levers on contra-related spend and take rate related dynamics that stimulate the supply side of the ecosystem. So I think you're going to continue to see us play with the different levers in different markets to stimulate engagement and demand.
Tom Hudson: Okay, I think that's it. Thanks everyone. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you presenters and thank you ladies and gentlemen. Again that does conclude your eBay's second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. You may now all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hudson - VP, IR John Donahoe - President and CEO Robert Swan - CFO 
Analysts: Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Ron Josey - JMP Securities Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the conference over to Tom Hudson, vice president of investor relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2013. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our president and chief executive officer; and Bob Swan, our chief financial officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through our Investor Relations section of the eBay website at http://investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full year 2013 and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces, and GSI businesses.  Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in political, business, and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; our ability to integrate, manage, and grow businesses recently acquired or that may be acquired in the future; our need to successfully react to the increasing importance of mobile payments and commerce and the increasingly social aspect of commerce; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity; our need to manage regulatory, tax, and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and Bill Me Later; and our need to timely upgrade and develop our systems, infrastructure, and customer service capabilities at a reasonable cost while maintaining site stability and performance and adding new products and features.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at http://investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 17, 2013, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe:  Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon everyone, and welcome to our Q1 earnings call. We had a strong start to year. Revenue and non-GAAP EPS were both up 14%, and our new user growth continued to accelerate for both eBay and Paypal. But before getting into our first quarter results, I want to briefly recap what we shared with you at our analyst day three weeks ago. Simply put, we see accelerating change in the external market. Led by mobile, a commerce revolution is underway. Technology is creating a new retail interface, and a new consumer experience. Its seamless, web-enabled, omnichannel, and multiscreen. Its less about location and more about consumer engagement, anytime, anywhere. And eBay Inc. is well-positioned to capitalize and lead in this rapidly changing environment. Let me briefly recap three areas that capture the strength and opportunities for our company. First, the $10 trillion commerce market represents a bigger addressable market for our company. In fact, as we shared at analyst day, by 2015 we expect eBay Inc. to enable $300 billion in commerce volume. Thats up from $175 billion in 2012. This is one of the ways we will measure our success. And as a first step on our journey toward $300 billion, we enabled $49 billion of commerce volume in Q1.  Second, our three core businesses are strong. Each has proven monetization models and strong momentum, and weve built a powerful set of technology and innovation capabilities. And third, were well-positioned to lead and compete in what we see as the four emerging battlegrounds of omnichannel commerce: mobile, local, global, and data. On the mobile front, we believe were perfectly positioned to benefit from broad consumer adoption of mobile. Were integrating mobile into every aspect of our business, and we have a proven ability to leverage mobile technology at scale across platforms, mobile operating systems, and devices. And our mobile innovation capacity is accelerating. For example, in Q1, we added over 2.8 million new users to eBay and Paypal through mobile devices. On the local front, the digitization of local commerce represents an enormous white space opportunity. Were aggressively pursuing this opportunity, focused on solving real consumer and merchant pain points and enabling growth for merchants of all sizes in local commerce. On the global front, our eBay and Paypal businesses are true global platforms today, with over half our users and volume coming from outside the U.S. But were just scratching the surface. In emerging growth markets such as Russia, Brazil, India, and China, we see the opportunity for enormous growth. And last but not least, when it comes to leveraging data, few have what we have: massive amounts of closed loop data. What other companies are struggling to create, we already know: each step of a consumers commerce journey. And were beginning to capitalize on this to provide better experiences for our customers and deeper engagement for our consumers and merchants. And across these four competitive battlegrounds, retailers and brands need a partner, and thats who we are, a partner, not a competitor. Our success is strongly tied to enabling others to win. We dont see commerce as a zero sum game. We see technology enabling more opportunity for merchants and consumers. In each quarter, were focused on delivering against our strengths and competitive advantages, and our strong start in 2013 reflects our operating discipline and our commitment to enabling the future of commerce. Now lets take a look at the quarter. Let me start with Paypal. In Q1, Paypal continued to expand its footprint, increasing merchant coverage and share of checkout. Finishing the quarter with 128 million active accounts globally, Paypal added 5 million new active accounts during the quarter, the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerating new user growth. Paypal mobile continued its growth trajectory. In fact, over the past 12 months, one out of every four Paypal account holders made at least one purchase through mobile. Expanding its offline footprint, Paypals in store point of sale solution is now available in almost 20,000 retail locations across the U.S. And our Discover partnership is on track to go live in Q2, with millions of U.S. merchant locations to be activated by year-end. Paypal is also expanding its presence globally. For example, the chip and pen version Paypal Here was announced in Europe and will soon be available in the U.K. And through our companys joint venture with Softbank, Paypal Here became available at more than 2,700 retail locations in Japan in Q1. Weve also announced the integration of Paypal into LG Electronics smart TV platform, creating an easy and secure way for consumers to shop through their internet connected TV. Its now available in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K., with more markets to follow. Now lets turn to Marketplaces. In Q1, eBays core, or non-vehicles, GMB grew 13% over the past year. In the U.S., core GMB was up 16%. Active user growth increased 13%, making this the fifth consecutive quarter of accelerated growth. Performance was driven by continued site improvements such as streamlined registration and checkout, and the full launch of our new look and feel in the U.S. Fixed price listings accounted for 68% of GMB globally and half of all U.S. transactions include free shipping in Q1. Our top rated sellers continued to deliver a great experience and outpace ecommerce growth, accounting for 42% of U.S. GMB in Q1, and their same-store sales grew 17%. And in Q1, eBay announced a simplified pricing structure for U.S. sellers, including free listings for consumers and for eBay store sellers. With these changes, we believe that eBay is now the most competitively priced ecommerce platform in the U.S.  Globally, eBay officially launched its localized website in Russia during Q1, and a full marketing campaign including TV is set to launch in Q2. So were very pleased with our momentum in the U.S. and the global strength of eBay. The core business is strong, and were attracting new customers and delivering innovative new experiences for buyers and sellers. Now let me briefly touch on GSI. As we shared at our analyst day, leading retailers and brands like Kate Spade and Dicks Sporting Goods are innovating for their customers by leveraging GSIs core capabilities: omnichannel demand generation, consumer engagement, and enterprise services at scale. And in Q1, GSI continued to enable its clients to grow faster than ecommerce. Same-store sales grew 16%, and we feel very good about the continued integration of GSI and its ability to deliver innovative omnichannel solutions that leverage eBay Incs capabilities. So in summary, were excited about our three-year journey and our strong first quarter. Our results underscore our competitive advantage. We have strong core businesses and robust, scalable global commerce platforms. Our mobile commerce capabilities and technology assets enable us to drive innovation in our core business and for our retail and brand partners. Technology is enabling an omnichannel commerce revolution, and we believe we are well-positioned to lead in this $10 trillion commerce market.  Now Ill turn it over to Bob, who will provide more details on Q1 and our outlook. 
Robert Swan : Thanks, John. During my discussion, Ill reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. As John mentioned earlier, and we discussed at analyst day in March, we are expanding our addressable market. We have a portfolio well-positioned to capitalize on needs, and we are accelerating our mobile leadership position and the rate of innovation in our company. Q1 was a strong start to the year, and our first deposit on a multiyear plan. As a strategic partner of choice for merchants of all sizes, we enabled $49 billion of commerce volume in the quarter, up 19%. The eBay Inc. take rate was 7.7%. Revenue in the quarter was $3.7 billion, up 14%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.63, up 14%. User growth accelerated 1 point for both Paypal and Marketplaces. We are maintaining our full year guidance. Lets now take a closer look at the results from the quarter. In Q1 we generated net revenues of $3.7 billion, up 14%. Revenue was negatively impacted by 1.5 points from leap year and the timing of Easter. Organic revenue growth was 15%, with foreign current movements and the divestiture of Rent.com each decreasing growth by approximately half a point. First quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.63, up 14%. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27.4%, up 50 basis points from the first quarter of 2012, and in line with our expectations. We generated free cash flow of $638 million in the quarter. Capex was 8% of revenue, primarily due to investments in search, data, and site operations. Now a closer look at our segment results. Paypal had a strong quarter. Revenue reached $1.5 billion, up 20%, on an FX neutral basis. A few quick highlights on Paypals operational metrics. Total active accounts growth accelerated 1 point to 16%. TPV grew 22% on an FX neutral basis, driven by continued expansion of Paypal on merchant sites around the world, an increase in share of checkout and a 130 basis point increase in Paypal penetration on eBay. Merchant services FX neutral TPB grew 26% in the quarter. Transaction margin was 64.4% in Q1, down 120 basis points due primarily to a lower take rate from smaller gains on our foreign currency hedges as well as large merchant mix. Paypal segment margin came in at 24.1% for the quarter, down 230 basis points and in line with our full year guidance. This was mainly due to the lower transaction margin and investments in consumer awareness, product initiatives, and merchant ubiquity. Let me touch on a few quick highlights for Bill Me Later. BML had a good quarter, and is becoming an increasingly important component of our overall portfolio. First, BML had strong standalone financials. TPV was $849 million, up 31%. Second, Bill Me Laters penetration as a funding source in the Paypal wallet was 3.8% share on eBay and 1.6% on merchant services. This penetration improved Paypals funding mix, and helped reduce funding costs. And third, we continue to finance BMLs loan receivables portfolio using offshore cash, which has enabled us to increase the return on this asset.  Overall, BML continues to perform well. Now lets move to Marketplaces. Marketplaces have a strong quarter, with net revenues of $2 billion, up 13%, on FX neutral basis. This was driven by FX neutral transaction revenue growth of 13%, and marketing services revenue growth of 16% from our adjacent formats.  A few quick highlights on Marketplaces operational metrics. Active user growth accelerated to 13%, driven by mobile, site enhancements, and emerging markets. FX neutral non-vehicles GMB grew 13%, driven by improvements in the customer experience, increased mobile engagement, and strong performance in the clothing and accessories and home and garden categories. The 3-point deceleration from last quarter was the result of a strong holiday sales, tougher comps, and softness in Europe. Sold items increased 12%. The 6-point deceleration from last quarter relative to the 3-point deceleration in GMB was primarily the result of Asia, which had tougher comps in Korea for low ASP categories out of last year and improved seller standards in China. Take rate, excluding vehicles and Stub Hub, was flat versus last year. Marketplaces segment margin was 42.1% in the quarter, up 340 basis points, primarily due to more efficient marketing spend, though we begin to ramp investments in growth initiatives going into Q2. We continue to be confident in the 38-42% segment margin guidance provided in March. Now lets turn to GSI. GSI continues to deliver on its goal to enable its clients to grow faster than the ecommerce market, with 16% same-store sales growth. Revenue for the quarter was $236 million, flat with last year, driven by strong volume growth, offset by our lower take rate and channel mix. Segment margin came in at 2.8%, down 670 basis points, due to take rate reduction, partially offset by productivity.  A few quick highlights on our progress related to the integration of GSI. We continue to add new clients to leverage eBay.com as a distribution channel to expand their businesses, with the goal of reaching 30 by the end of the year. Paypal is increasingly becoming the way to pay on GSI clients, with Paypal coverage now more than 90% of GSI client volumes and share of checkout was 14% in the quarter. And lastly, GSI is leveraging eBay Inc. technologies and innovations including Red Laser, eBay Now, the Paypal Media Network, and Magento to build solutions for its clients needs. Turning to operating expenses, in Q1 operating expenses were 42.7% of revenue, down 140 basis points. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and nonequity investments of $11.5 billion, including approximately $3.2 billion in the U.S. Weve improved our financial flexibility, funding 62% of the BML loan receivables portfolio with offshore cash in the quarter. And we repurchased 8.5 million shares of our common stock for approximately $476 million. With that, let me turn to guidance. We feel good about the portfolio and our ability to help merchants in a web-enabled world. A little context on our business outlook. First, what has changed? From a macro perspective, we expect a weaker Europe and British pound versus the full year guidance we gave you in January.  Second, we continue to believe, from an industry perspective, that web-enabled commerce and mobile penetration will continue to expand. And ecommerce growth is expected to be in the low to midteens.  And third, from an eBay Inc. perspective, we believe our addressable market has expanded and is now significantly larger, and we are increasing our investment to capture this growth opportunity. We are maintaining our full year guidance, and expect revenue of $16 billion to $16.5 billion, representing growth of 14% to 17%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $2.70 to $2.75, representing growth of 14% to 16%. For the second quarter of 2013, we expect revenues of $3.8 billion to $3.9 billion, representing growth of 12% to 15%, and we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.61 to $0.63, representing growth of 9% to 13%. In summary, we feel good about our performance. Our core businesses had a strong quarter, and we continue to test and learn in our adjacencies and seeds, such as local, global, and omnichannel. Paypal continues its strong growth, with increasing focus on simplifying and improving the customer experience. Marketplaces is strong, particularly in the U.S., driven by investments in buyer and seller experiences. And GSI is performing in line with our expectations as we continue to invest in technology and growing the client portfolio. We are investing in our business for the long term, and we are focused on delivering the next generation of global commerce and payments capabilities. Now wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from Gil Luria.
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities: Your first quarter results and the guidance for the second quarter put you at the lower end of your longer term growth guidance, as well as this years full year growth guidance. Where do you expect the acceleration to come from for the balance of the year, for the second half of the year, and for the balance of your longer term guidance?
Robert Swan: As you indicated, in the first quarter, Ill just start with ECV, in terms of commerce volume. We grew by 19% in the quarter, as you know, with the tougher comps of Easter and leap year on a year over year basis. That weighed down on growth a little bit. So Id have it a little bit higher than the 19% we reported. In our implied guidance for the first half of the year, roughly speaking, were at 14-15% top line growth. And consistent with with what we told you back in January, we have the second half growing a bit faster than the first half. So in effect, no real change from where we were a couple of months ago. As we think about going into 14 and 15, the plans that we highlighted for you across all three of the businesses in terms of protecting our existing core businesses and expanding our served market, whether its mobile, whether its global, whether its local, or whether its more engagement with consumers across all of our platforms, we expect that to be contributors to growth going forward. So far one quarter into our 12-quarter journey, were pretty much at the high end of what the expectations are that we laid out in January, and on track for the full year, and feel great about the next two year journey we shared with you a few weeks ago. 
Gil Luria - Wedbush Securities : Your user growth has accelerated in both Paypal and Marketplace. Is it that youre adding more customers that take the time to ramp up their spending? Is it that youre getting more customers in emerging markets where they dont spend as much per customer? Is that part of the factor there?
Robert Swan: As you know, this has been the experience with accelerating user growth across both platforms. The newer users have a tendency to be less engaged at the early stages of their lifecycle. And then our challenge, obviously, is once we get them on board and back to either starting to use again or being new to eBay and Paypal is to engage with them in new and different ways to increase their engagement over time. So thats the more active user growth. In the early stages, it results in less engagement, but our intentions are to increase that over time. In terms of where theyre coming from, its a little bit the same themes weve been sharing with you in the past, John highlighted this as well, new users are coming from mobile, new users being reengaged, and new users coming from emerging markets. Those have been kind of the three buckets of increased active user growth that weve been experiencing, really for five quarters now.
John Donahoe : And one other thing that I dont think we fully understand yet is we know that mobile users are more engaged than non-mobile users. And as you saw at our analyst day, multiscreen users buy twice as much as non-multiscreen. So we know mobiles significantly increasing consumer engagement, and were getting a greater number of new users from mobile. Marketplaces had over 4 million new mobile users to the Marketplace platform via mobile device, and the first quarter alone we had a little under 3 million company-wide.  So as those consumers go through that ramp up that Bob talked about, of their first year to two years on our platforms, well see if they ramp up engagement more quickly than has been historical fact. But I think its a positive trend one way or another as our mobile strength continues to be a source of advantage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs :  I was wondering if you could give us an idea about what drove the marketing leverage in the quarter. To what extent is that due to more direct customer relationships that youre gaining through mobile? And particularly, seeing that kind of leverage at the same time that youre seeing the kind of growth that you are in users, what is being able to drive that user growth with less marketing mean longer term for the margin opportunity in the business?
Robert Swan: I think what were experiencing is a couple of things. As you know, were always trying to optimize sales and marketing in terms of the different levers that we invest behind to drive traffic to our respective sites given its our largest component of overall cost. So were constantly tweaking around the edges to optimize. And as John highlighted, new users coming through mobile devices have more of a tendency to come direct, so as we learn more about the new active users coming from mobile and how they engage, that influences how were spending money. At the same time, in our quest to optimize, I would also highlight that I do expect us to spend more as we go into the second quarter of the year, as were continuing to tweak and optimize. So while we had really good leverage in the quarter, I dont expect it to be as good as we go into the second quarter of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets:  When would you like to be able to, or when would you hope to be able to disclose the total payment volume offline? When do you think that could be material enough to do that? And if I could just follow up on Heaths question on the marketing leverage, Bob you answered it, but any more color? I dont think it was a shift of marketing spend programs from Q1 to Q2, but thats pretty significant leverage year over year. Maybe you dont want to talk about it for competitive reasons, but do you feel like youve found new channels of marketing that you hadnt been able to utilize as well in the past? Any more color there would be great.
Robert Swan : On TPV offline, as it becomes meaningful and material. As we talked about, kind of our three-year plans for Paypal in an omnichannel world, our primary focus in the short to medium term is on merchant ubiquity and test and learning with consumers. And as we get adoption, and it becomes material, well begin to share more with you about our progress. In terms of marketing leverage, this is the biggest component of our costs. Were constantly trying to optimize the most efficient and effective sources of traffic. And we tweak, adjust, and adapt and learn, particularly with the users coming from mobile. That informs our thinking on how we spend money going forward. Well continue to do the same to get the best, most efficient traffic for our merchants. 
John Donahoe : And the way Id elaborate on it just a little bit, I dont think we see any structural shift in our cost structure per se at this time, but as we are always doing, inside that marketing spend we are aggressively exploring and testing new marketing channels. Whether thats mobile, obviously the way consumers behave on mobile and the role of traffic generation on mobile is different than it is on the web. Social channels, were being very aggressive in exploring and seeing if there are opportunities. Were testing some little things with loyalty.  So you can assume were always looking for new ways to drive healthy new user growth and healthy traffic to our site. And were seeing some early signs of success. So thats a continuous process, and were really ramping up our focus on that this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ron Josey from JMP Securities.
Ron Josey - JMP Securities:  I wanted to dive a little bit deeper on what youre saying on whats leading the company to believe Europe to be slightly worse, and potentially maybe break it out by geography if possible.
John Donahoe : When we kind of started the year back in January, and talked about the general macroeconomic assumptions as we came into the year, we highlighted our belief was that the U.S. would get slightly better during the course of the year and that Europe, after a somewhat, in terms of the overall market, lackluster year in 2012. We didnt expect Europe to get much better this year. So here we are, three months in, and on the margin, I would say in the U.S. we feel the same, maybe even modestly better, and Europe was a little bit slower than last year than we expected coming into the year. So in the aggregate, modestly slower. Within Europe, the U.K. was a bit slower than what we expected. I think it was a combination of not just slower traffic, but also a weaker currency, and as you know, currency is a kind of cross-border trade dynamic for us as well. So all in all, we expect fairly stable and on the margin a little bit weaker to the first three months. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW:  I was wondering if you could just talk about the take rate in the payment segment, and just looking at that kind of year over year degradation, I know you guys cited some of the impact. But Im just wondering if we should consider that kind of degradation throughout the rest of the year. And then secondly, this offline merchant rollout that you guys have, and the discussion you guys had at the analyst day about the rollout over the next three years, I was just wondering if there was a specific method as to how youre going to roll that out in terms of category.
Robert Swan : On the take rate, the modest degradation, we have really two things. One is large merchant growth, although [unintelligible] have a tendency to have lower take rates. That was a modest impact. But the bigger impact in the quarter, and I would expect it to continue a little bit as we go through the next couple of quarters, is from our hedges. And we hedge transaction exposures through the top line and Paypal.  And given how the currencies, particularly European currencies, or the U.K., weaken during the course of the first quarter, it negatively impacted our Paypal revenues and our take rate. And last year it was the opposite. It worked in our favor. So the combination of those two had a degradation on Paypals take rate in the quarter, and I would expect that to be a modest impact going forward this year as well, given where the pound is.  But I would say more hedges rather than fundamental real difference in terms of overall take rate with our merchants.
John Donahoe : And with respect to your second question on offline merchant rollout, were trying to stage it to maximize our learning would be the simplest way to say it. So if you look at who are the large retailers that we directly integrated with first, its a real mix, and we were pretty conscious about that, trying different retailers and different verticals so that we could maximize the breadth of our learning. And if you look at who else will make up the roughly 2 million, offline merchants will be live by the end of this year. Paypal Here, if you have large merchants on one end, you have Paypal Here on the other hand. That will be distributed across a pretty wide spectrum of verticals and subverticals where they have smaller merchants. And then Discovers more in the middle.  And so I dont think youll see us do merchant rollout vertical by vertical. But I do think youll see us, as David and [Hill] talked about at the analyst day, looking for solving pain points in a little bit more of a vertical by vertical location.  So its more of the consumer engagement, the kind of consumer use cases that make sense in a fast food restaurant or in a place where there are lines. You know, how do you avoid getting around lines. That will be more focused in fast food and restaurant verticals. Or the ordering from table and paying from table, in restaurants. Or the Paypal check in.  One of the areas that I think youre going to see some particular take up over time is the enabling a merchant to give personalized service, and enabling a consumer to receive personalized service by checking in. And we think thats going to be a really interesting and potentially exciting consumer enhancement.  And again, whether that happens in one vertical or another, I dont know, but you are going to be testing that in different locations during 2013. So well learn a lot this year, and I would imagine as we roll things out in 14 and 15, we will have some slightly vertically different solutions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan:  I just wanted to ask two things. First, Bob, you talked about the growth accelerating in the back half, and I just wanted to get some more color on what you get that confidence that overall growth will actually accelerate in the back half. And second, just in terms of the weaker Europe that youre seeing and the impact on FX. Is there any way that you could quantify that for us as it relates to your 13 guidance?
Robert Swan: On the back half of the year, a combination of things. First, investments that were making throughout the course of the year to drive more active users and more engagement. So thats kind of the macro theme across all three businesses. And then just relative to year over year comps, we expect Paypals growth rate will accelerate in the second half of the year. The comps will be a little bit easier, Marketplaces will be a little bit tougher.  The in process metric thats obviously really important for us is that active user growth number. So what gives us the confidence is the ability to bring on those more active users from the variety of different sources that we talked about earlier today, but also a few weeks ago at the analyst day. In terms of currencies, from an earnings standpoint, were relatively hedged now for most of the year. So we feel pretty good that weve kind of protected earnings based on where rates are today. Where were exposed is more from the revenue hedges we have in place. If they are out of the money, and I would say the pound hedges are out of the money hedges today, that will impact the Paypal take rate. So thats where you see that. It will have a marginal impact on the as reported Paypal revenues throughout the course of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt from Morgan Stanley.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley :  Bob, you mentioned earlier Korea, China, and Europe I guess as headwinds related to the international business today. And I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about bringing improvements from the U.S. to international markets and also the brick opportunity, and when you expect either of those to show more prominently in international results. And then the second question is around GSI and what it is that drove the take rate down, and how [V11] is progressing.
Robert Swan : On the first one, just to clarify, my commentary on headwinds for Korea and China had more to do with sold item growth versus GMV growth. So year on year, first quarter 2012 we had a real nice acceleration of sold items growth, particularly in Korea, as we expanded into new lower ASP verticals.  So a year later, you saw pretty decent deceleration in sold items growth, greater than GMV deceleration. And that was primarily driven by Korea and higher standards for sellers coming out of [unintelligible] China. So thats more a sold items commentary. In terms of GMV commentary, I just said a modest headwind for Europe, relative to what we expected earlier back in January. Separately, just on how do we deploy new feature functionalities, polices, processes for Marketplaces, I think as you know we kind of deploy things in a market, test and learn, and then deploy throughout the rest of our geographies. Thats been a consistent theme for how we deploy new features for a long time now. Sometimes that means we try stuff in the U.K. and then bring them to Germany and bring them to the U.S., and other times that means we try stuff in the U.S. and bring it to markets outside the U.S. So the changes, whether it was ETRS or eBay 2.0 or Refresh Brands, those things, for the most part, while they take different flavors, market by market, we have deployed them throughout most of the markets in which we operate. Third, GSI, good same-store sales growth, 1 point deceleration Q4 going to Q1. We feel pretty good about that. The revenue was flat year on year, and that was primarily due to decisions weve made along the way to lower take rate with some clients to get more of our efforts and energies focused on driving growth. So we did that throughout the course of the last year, including in the fourth quarter.  Our take rate on average is lower because of those changes weve made, and then in particular in Q1, because of differentiated growth rates from clients that we have at GSI. We expect that gap between same-store sales and revenue to stay wide throughout the course of this year .  And then last, on the new commerce platform at GSI or [V11], we certified that back in December, and our expectations are to roll that new, exciting platform out to our launch client here in the second quarter. So were excited to get that big milestone behind us and begin to roll it out for other GSI clients during the course of the year.
John Donahoe : Just real quick, two other small things Id add to Bobs answer. One on V11. One of the positive byproducts of some of the slippage in V11 over the last 12 to 18 months has been that weve taken significant parts of V11 functionality and put them in V9 and V10. And so whether its ship from store, pick up from store, those are now in V9/V10, so it can take the [urgency up] for existing clients to migrate and reduces it.  And so I think weve significantly derisked the migration challenge. And in fact we have some clients that are finding that the enhancements on V9/V10 are meeting their needs currently. So thats one. Second, I forget if you commented on this, Bob. Scott, you asked when will our success in bricks begin showing up in international GMV, and the short answer is in the short term it might not, because you remember a lot of the early focus is on import in the bricks, and to the extent that import is coming out of the U.S., it will show up in U.S. GMV.  So over time, it will show up in international GMV, but it will be directly a function in the early days on where the Russian consumers are buying from, whether its dotcom in the U.S. or dot U.K. or dot AU, or even dot Germany. So I wouldnt equate a 1 to 1 connection there. 
Tom Hudson: Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. 
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse: John, I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into brick, and in particular the Russian market. It seems like its still very much a cash-centric economy, and presumably the operating conditions are a bit more difficult because you have more transactional friction. Are there any comparisons you can draw for us versus what the environment was like when eBay was still very young and Paypal was not widely used? And how do you view the development currently for this market over the next three to five years? And do you feel like the curve will be steeper or less steep versus what you have seen in other emerging markets? 
John Donahoe : What we find intriguing is a couple of things. One is without a whole lot of explicit focus, were the largest B2C ecommerce provider today in Russia. Frankly, with no Russian language site. And thats just a function of early adopter Russian consumers using eBay sites around the world and using Paypal to import. One of the things that is intriguing about the market is theres two major sources of friction in Russia that are somewhat distinct from elsewhere. One is as you said payments, and the other is shipping, or delivery. And so we view those as both market development opportunities. And so on payments, weve worked to get our local approval for our local capabilities, which we have.  And were talking with various stakeholders in Russia about how we can use technology, which is what Paypal is, to reduce friction in payments throughout the country. So were talking with banks and some of the providers, the people that take cash in and convert it into a digital currency.  So we think theres great opportunity to innovate to reduce friction there. Were doing the same thing on the shipping side, on the inbound customers clearance and on shipping. So over time, I cant say as we know long term what that trajectory is going to be, but we feel like any market thats got friction which is a problem to be solved, and technology and our platform can solve it, its an attraction for us, and thats why were excited about the market.  I will say the first couple of weeks since our Russian site launch, weve had strong acceleration of new users. And those new users are beginning to buy. So still early days. It only launched a couple of weeks ago, but its a market that we like a lot, and Im sure well learn a lot, and a market that I think will benefit from the kind of technology innovation that we can bring to [unintelligible] for consumers.
Tom Hudson: Thank you very much, and we look forward to seeing you between now and 90 days from now, or talking to you at the end of the second quarter.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hudson John J. Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim President of Paypal Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Youssef H. Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Jordan E. Rohan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by and welcome to the eBay's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's Earnings Release Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through our Investor Relations section of the eBay website at http://investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2013 and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses, mobile payments and mobile commerce. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in political, business and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; our ability to integrate, manage and grow businesses recently acquired or that may be acquired in the future; our need to successfully react to the increasing importance of mobile payments and commerce and the increasing social aspect of commerce; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity; our need to manage regulatory, tax and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and Bill Me Later; and our need to timely upgrade and develop our systems, infrastructure and customer service capabilities at a reasonable cost while maintaining site stability and performance and adding new products and features. You can find more information about the factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at http://investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 16, 2013, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q4 Earnings Call. We had a great finish to an excellent year. Fourth quarter revenue was up 18%, and non-GAAP EPS was up 17%. Our fourth quarter results exceeded our expectations, and we're on pace to exceed our 3-year growth goals. Before getting into the results, I want to take a minute to provide some perspective on our growth opportunities and on our company today. In 2012, we enabled more than $175 billion of commerce volume. This means that our company is now enabling 19% of global ecommerce and almost 2% of total global retail. That's the power and potential of eBay, Inc., and we're just getting started. Four themes are fueling our momentum: First, mobile is rewriting the commerce playbook. At an extraordinary pace, consumers are embracing mobile as the everyday way to shop and pay. And mobile technology is accelerating Web-enabled multichannel retail innovation, and we are a leader in this mobile commerce revolution. Our mobile focus is delivering exceptional mobile volume growth, attracting millions of new consumers to our core businesses and enabling our retail and brand partners to engage their customers in new ways. Mobile is quickly becoming the new normal, and we're leading this new way consumers shop and pay. Second, commerce is changing globally, and our global reach is the competitive strength. Our commerce platforms and mobile capabilities enable us to connect buyers and sellers everywhere. We have significant global presence, and our strong core international businesses are thriving. We have substantial long-term growth opportunities, including enabling more cross-border trade and expanding into emerging markets, such as Brazil and Russia. Third, our brands are strong and we're investing to make them stronger. At eBay and PayPal, we continue to invest in marketing to further strengthen our brands and engage consumers on and offline. We're very pleased with the fourth quarter rollout of our new eBay logo and site enhancements. eBay has a fresh, clean look with a more contemporary and compelling user experience. And last, our portfolio gives us strong capabilities to drive commerce innovation. Every quarter, we're getting better at leveraging the synergies across our portfolio to grow our core businesses and to enable innovation for our retail partners. So in summary, we are enabling the future of commerce. We're connecting consumers anytime anywhere to the world's inventory through our global commerce platforms, and we are a partner, not a competitor, for retailers and brands of all sizes, helping them compete in this new commerce environment. Now let's take a look at the quarter, starting with PayPal. PayPal had another strong quarter, continuing to increase merchant coverage and share of checkout. With almost 700 million payments transactions handled, the fourth quarter was the busiest in PayPal's history. PayPal now has 123 million active accounts globally, with active account growth accelerating 1%. More than 5 million active accounts were added in the fourth quarter, PayPal's biggest gain in 8 years. And PayPal Mobile generated exceptional growth, ending 2012 with almost $14 billion in mobile payment volume. That's more than triple the volume over the prior year. Mobile payments now account for about 10% of PayPal's total payment volume in 2012. And PayPal continues to make great progress offline. For example, our Discover partnership, announced last August, is on track to launch in Q2 this year. Discover has 7 million merchant locations in the U.S. And further expanding our offline footprint, PayPal ended the year with 23 major retailers signed up for PayPal's in-store point-of-sale solution. PayPal is now live at more than 18,000 retail locations across the U.S., including Home Depot, Foot Locker and Jamba Juice. At a Jamba Juice location in Emeryville, California, we've just begun testing an order-ahead mobile feature. Consumers can now over their smoothie in advance, pay with PayPal and then skip the line at Jamba Juice. We expect to roll this out to more Jamba Juice locations soon. We've also just announced an important partnership with NCR, integrating PayPal mobile payment capabilities into NCR's mobile applications. This will significantly expand PayPal's availability, giving consumers safe, easy ways to pay in thousands of restaurants and retail locations served by NCR. With this integration, consumers can simply use PayPal to pay for their dinner from their smartphone without having to wait for the check. These are examples of how PayPal is focused on solving real pain points for consumers and creating value for merchants across diverse retail and services categories. We're building great product experiences, making sure PayPal is available everywhere and leveraging our ability to drive payment innovation globally. Now let's turn to the marketplaces. eBay generated a record $2 billion in revenue for the quarter, a strong finish to the year. Excluding vehicles, U.S. GMV growth accelerated 3 points to 19% in Q4. And active user growth accelerated 2 points to 12%, the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerating growth. Ongoing site improvements, such as streamlined registration and checkout, combined with more selection and our new look and feel helped accelerate U.S. growth during the holidays. For example, electronics was a popular category on eBay during the holidays. eBay is a significant player in the online consumer electronics market, providing broad selection and great deals. And our marketplace continues to evolve. Fixed-price listings now account for almost 70% of our GMV globally, and about half of all U.S. transactions had free shipping in Q4. Our top-rated sellers continue to deliver a great experience, accounting for more than 42% of U.S. GMV in the fourth quarter. And their same-store sales grew 20%. Mobile is bringing new users to eBay and delivering strong growth. For 2012, mobile attracted over 4.3 million new users to eBay and generated $13 billion in mobile commerce volume. That's well over twice our volume from the previous year and well ahead of our original $10 billion forecast for the year. eBay is also leveraging our platform and mobile assets to enable more local commerce for buyers and sellers. In Q4, we expanded eBay Now into New York City in addition to San Francisco. And we also began testing other ways to make local buying and selling easier, including drop-off locations at malls and a Selling Assistant van for consumer sellers. eBay is also expanding our global footprint, enabling greater access to emerging markets and driving more cross-border trade. We expanded efforts in Russia during Q4 and launched eBay style in China, giving U.S. fashion sellers access to Chinese consumers. So overall, Q4 was a great quarter for eBay Marketplaces. We're very pleased with the momentum in the U.S. and the global strength of eBay. The core business is strong, and we're delivering innovative new experiences for buyers and sellers. Now let me briefly share a couple of highlights from GSI. GSI had another solid quarter, driving 19% increase in same-store sales for its clients, once again outpacing ecommerce. This business continues to execute well, and we continue to make good progress, capturing synergies across our portfolio to help large retailers and brands succeed. So in summary, our company had a strong fourth quarter. We feel very good about our momentum and strengths. We're executing well against our near-term commitments while also investing in the future of commerce. Our core businesses are strong, and our technology assets uniquely position us to be a partner of choice for retailers and brands of all sizes. And we continue to lead in mobile. In fact, in 2013, we expect eBay Mobile and PayPal Mobile to each generate more than $20 billion in volume. Simply put, we believe we're well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities ahead. Now I'll turn it over to Bob, who will provide more details on Q4 and our outlook for 2013.
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. Q4 was a great close to the year. Both the top and bottom line exceeded our expectations, and user growth accelerated for both PayPal and Marketplaces. On a full year basis, 2012 was an excellent year for our company. We grew revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share by 21% and 16%, respectively. We generated $2.6 billion in free cash flow, and we're on pace to exceed our 3-year plan for 2011 through 2013 that we laid out at our February 11 Analyst Day. Now let's take a closer look at the results from the quarter. In Q4, we generated net revenues of $4 billion, up 18%. Organic revenue growth was 19%. The divestiture of Rent.com decreased growth by roughly 1 point. Fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.70, up 17%, strong top line growth and good operating leverage drove our outperformance relative to guidance. Non-GAAP operating margin was 28.5%, down 20 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2011 primarily due to business mix. We generated free cash flow of $1.1 billion in the quarter. CapEx was 7% of revenues primarily due to investments in search, data and site operations. Now let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had a strong quarter. Revenue reached $1.5 billion, and total payment volume increased to $41 billion, up 24% and 25% respectively on an FX-neutral basis. We continue to expand our global footprint with international TPV increasing 28%, comprising 48% of overall TPV in the quarter. A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics. Active accounts growth accelerated 1 point to 15%. On eBay TPV grew 18% on an FX-neutral basis, driven by a strong eBay non-vehicles GMV growth and a 220-basis-point increase in PayPal penetration. Merchant Services TPV grew 28% on an FX-neutral basis, accelerating 2 points from Q3. This growth was driven by the continued expansion of PayPal on merchant sites around the world and an increasing share of checkout. Transaction margin was 64.7% in the quarter, roughly flat compared to a year ago. And PayPal segment margin came in at 23% for the quarter, down 170 basis points mainly due to investments in consumer awareness, product initiatives and merchant ubiquity. Let me touch on a few quick highlights for Bill Me Later. Bill Me Later had a good quarter and is becoming an increasingly important component of our overall portfolio. First, BML had strong stand-alone financials and had its first quarter with TPV over $1 billion. Second, Bill Me Later continued to increase its penetration as a funding source in the PayPal wallet at 1.8% share on Merchant Services and 4.1% on eBay. This penetration improves PayPal's funding mix and helped to reduce overall funding cost. Third, we continue to finance the Bill Me Later loan receivables portfolio using offshore cash, which has enabled us to increase the return on this asset. Overall, BML continues to perform well. Now let's move to Marketplaces. Marketplaces had a very strong quarter with net revenues of $2 billion, up 16% on an FX-neutral basis. This was driven by FX-neutral transaction revenue growth of 16% and marketing services revenue growth of 16% from our adjacent formats. A few quick highlights on Marketplaces' operational metrics. Active user growth accelerated 2 points to 12%, driven by mobile, site enhancements and emerging markets. U.S. non-vehicles GMV accelerated 3 points to 19%. Volume growth was driven by improvements in the customer experience, increased mobile engagement and strong performance in the clothing and accessories and home and garden categories. International FX-neutral non-vehicles GMV decelerated 1 point to 14%. Strength in the U.K. was offset by slower growth in China, where we increased our seller standards, and continued sluggish growth in Germany. Take rate, excluding vehicles and StubHub, was flat versus last year. In Marketplaces, segment margin was 41.5% in the quarter, up 90 basis points, primarily due to operating leverage partially offset by investments in product and technology. Now let's turn to GSI. GSI had a solid quarter and continues to execute in line with our expectations. Global ecommerce merchandise sales, or GMS, grew 19% on a same-store sales basis. Revenue for the quarter was $398 million, up 10%, driven by strong volume growth partially offset by a lower take rate. Segment margin came in at 20.3%, down 110 basis points, due to a lower take rate and the increased cost of seasonal hiring. We're pleased that V11 has been certified, and we plan to begin deploying merchants on the platform in the first half of 2013. A few quick highlights on the progress related to the integration of GSI. We now have 17 client sites leveraging ebay.com as a distribution channel to expand their businesses domestically, and clients are also using eBay to expand their global footprint outside the U.S. PayPal is increasingly becoming the way to pay on GSI clients. PayPal coverage is now more than 90% of GSI client volume, and share of checkout is 16%. Additionally, 47 client sites are using PayPal Mobile, 41 offer Bill Me Later and 4 are adopting PayPal POS capabilities. Lastly, GSI is leveraging eBay Inc. technologies and innovations, including RedLaser, eBay Now, the Paypal Media Network and Magento to build solutions for their clients' needs. Turning to operating expenses. In the quarter, operating expenses were roughly flat at 41.7% of revenue. Gains in operating leverage were reinvested back into our brands and product innovations. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $11.5 billion, including approximately $3.8 billion in the U.S. We've improved our financial flexibility, funding 61% of the U.S. Bill Me Later loan receivables portfolio with offshore cash. And we repurchased 5 million shares of our common stock for approximately $256 million. We are now 2 years into the 3-year journey we shared with you in February of 2011. Our focus has simply been to enable commerce by capitalizing on the blurring lines between online and offline. We are positioning the company as a strategic partner of choice for merchants of all sizes, trying to compete and win in an increasingly Web-enabled world. In 2012, we enabled more than $175 billion of global commerce volume, up 18%. This represents approximately 19% of the global ecommerce market but only 2% of the $10 trillion global retail market. We are only just getting started. Our served market is expanding. We are confident we have the right set of capabilities, and we have a significant opportunity in front of us. With that, let me turn to guidance. We feel great about 2012, and we're carrying our momentum into 2013. First, a little context. From a macro perspective, we expect the macro economy to be relatively stable, with the U.S. economy improving moderately and no substantial change in Europe. And we expect currencies to remain roughly at current levels. Second, from an industry perspective, Web-enabled commerce and mobile penetration continued to expand, and ecommerce growth is expected to be in the low to mid-teens. Third, from an eBay Inc. perspective, we believe our addressable market has expanded and is now significantly larger. And we're increasing our investments to capture this future growth opportunity. So for the full year of 2013, we expect revenues of $16 billion to $16.5 billion, representing growth of 14% to 17%. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $2.70 to $2.75, representing growth of 14% to 16%. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion, CapEx to be in the range of 8% to 10% of revenues, and the non-GAAP tax rate to be 18.5% to 19.5%. For the first quarter, we expect revenues of $3.65 billion to $3.75 billion, representing growth of 11% to 14%. Revenue growth in the quarter will be softer due to a 2012 leap year and Easter in Q1 of 2013. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.60 to $0.62, representing growth of 8% to 12% as we continue to invest for growth. Let me put the eBay Inc. guidance in context versus the BU segment expectations we provided last January. PayPal revenues will be in line, nearly doubling in size over the 3-year journey. But the opportunity is bigger today, and we're investing more. And we expect margins to be flat in 2013 with full year 2012. Marketplaces' revenue is growing faster, and we are investing more behind the opportunity and expect margins to be in line with prior expectations. And GSI margins will be in line. Client same-store sales will grow faster than ecommerce, and higher productivity will fund a lower take rate, leading to revenue at the low end. In summary, we feel great about our performance and are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. As PayPal continues its strong growth with increasing focus on growth opportunities, Marketplaces is thriving, with strength across all geographies, driven by improvements in buyer experience from our investments. And GSI is performing in line with our expectations and is bringing eBay Inc. commerce solutions to large retailers and brands. We are investing in our business for the long term, and we are focused on delivering the next generation of global commerce and payments capabilities. And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. First, can you talk about your growth strategy in Latin America? Is there a scenario where you would try to get back into some of those markets with your Marketplace business or is it likely to remain PayPal only? And then the net charge-off at BML was up a little bit more than prior quarters. Can you just give us more color on what's driving that?
John J. Donahoe: Yes, Ross. On Latin America, yes. Latin America is an important growth opportunity for us. As you mentioned, PayPal is -- always had a strong cross-border business. We now have domestic payments capability in Brazil for PayPal. The Brazilian growth is on fire. We have domestic payments capability in Mexico. So PayPal is aggressively penetrating Latin America in both cross-border and domestic markets. And then with eBay, eBay has a strong cross-border business in and out of Latin America today, and we're doing things to accentuate that. So for instance, we launched a mobile app in Brazil for a quarter that allowed Brazilian consumers to shop eBay's global inventory in a more convenient way. We also have Classifieds investments in Latin America. So it's an important market and one that we'll continue to focus on and one I think you'll see us continue to take action in.
Robert H. Swan: And, Ross, on your second question relating to charge-offs, yes, I think Bill Me Later charge-offs, up a little bit. RAM or risk-adjusted margin down a little bit in line with our expectations. And in effect, as you know, with this business, what we've been able to demonstrate is by using Bill Me Later, we drive higher conversion at our client sites. So we feel great about kind of the growth prospects. Over the long-term horizon, we think the right kind of risk-adjusted margin for this business is in the 14% to 16% range. And frankly, we want to be able to take risk to help grow this business and adopt Bill Me Later more and more in the PayPal wallet because of the additional economic benefits we get by lower funding cost in the wallet. So we adjust our risk parameters to drive a growing loan portfolio, helping our clients convert more at risk-adjusted margins in the 14% to 16% range. That improves the overall ecosystem of the business. So that's how we think about it, and the quarter was basically in line with our expectations in how we drive the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I'll ask my 2 questions upfront. I was hoping to get a sense of the trajectory of Marketplaces in 2013 relative to the steps you took in 2012. Is the goal to grow market share and kind of improve in other verticals, just like you did in clothing and accessories and home and garden? I'm just trying to reconcile kind of the step-down in revenue growth in your expectations. And then second, if you could just talk about uses of capital?
John J. Donahoe: Yes, Sanjay. Well, Marketplaces, we feel just terrific about how the Marketplaces ended the year and also about the whole year 2012. And as you highlighted, those results have really been driven by a number of factors, the factors we've been working on over last several years, but they're all coming together right now: improved trust, a better user experience. Mobile is no doubt driving growth in this business. And the vertical experience as you described, consumers are finding our vertical experience is very attractive, and new user growth continues to accelerate. So we expect to continue that momentum into 2013. And Devin and his team are very focused on [Audio Gap] Going after new sets of opportunities, including the BRIC and emerging markets, including adding large retailer inventory on to eBay, including making it easier for consumer sellers to list on eBay and provide a great buyer experience. And so those are the things. And we feel very good about the business, and we think the strong momentum will continue. And absolutely, our aspiration goal is to grow faster than the market.
Robert H. Swan: I would -- just -- another point of context for the fine point on John's comment. In -- 24 months ago, we said the business would be $7 billion to $8 billion in size. 12 months ago, we said it would be $7.5 billion to $8 billion. And today, we're saying it's going to be north of $8 billion, indicative of the progress and the momentum we have. So we feel very good about our position. On your second question, uses of capital. Frankly, more of the same. We think about investing organically first and foremost. And particularly for us, that means leveraging our offshore cash to fund the growth of Bill Me Later. Secondly, we look at strategic acquisitions to accelerate the competitive position of the company and our individual business units that will continue to be something where we will make acquisitions that we think will make us stronger. And then third is continuing returning capital to shareholders. And we do that in effect by offsetting dilution from our comp-based programs. So continuing that three-pronged approach for how we effectively use our capital organically, inquisitively and return it to shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Ju of Crdit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So your item sold growth decelerated a bit against what's probably tougher comps, but your FX-neutral GMV accelerated. And also for PayPal, you're seeing TPV accelerate while the number of payments decelerated. So I'm guessing these 2 factors taken together suggest average order value expansion. Is there anything you can share as to what's driving that and whether you expect this effect will continue? It seems like also on the Marketplaces side, the take rate expanded to what looks like the highest level in some time here. So is there any color you can share in terms of how the mix shift may be impacting you on a non-vehicle GMV?
Robert H. Swan: I think I got it all. But I think first, yes, to your first point in terms of across both platforms, transaction volume and the implications on AOB [ph]. I think one nuance, transaction volume for PayPal in terms of engagement, frequency, as the active user growth accelerates. So now we've seen 3 points of active user growth acceleration over the course of the last 3 quarters. It's bringing back newer users whose frequency in early stages is lower. So we see active user growth accelerate in transactions per is down a little bit because we're re-engaging new users. And now, we need to increase their frequency...
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And that's -- you meant -- you said PayPal. You mean Marketplace on that?
Robert H. Swan: No, that's the -- that is what is happening in PayPal in the quarter that's a little different than Marketplaces. Again, 3 points of active user growth over the last 3 quarters, first timers coming back into the funnel. So the average transaction per is a little bit lower. That is good. We like that. And now, we got to drive that user base to be more frequent over time. In terms of take rate, in essence, it's flat. Once you take out -- we always try [indiscernible] to take out vehicles and the effects of StubHub. And you net those out, take rate is essentially flat year-on-year, no change. And we don't expect any dramatic changes in that in the near term.
John J. Donahoe: And one other thing I'd just throw in, Steven, to build on Bob's point is one of the things we see in the Marketplace business and frankly in PayPal is improved trust in the Marketplace is making people more comfortable buying more expensive items. And I also think the growing use of mobile, people are more comfortable buying more expensive items online, whether on the Web or on a mobile device. So I think that portends well to -- for both platforms over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, with the addition of the 3 customers on the point-of-sale rollout, can you share with us some of the insights into what you're seeing in consumer adoption with the existing partners? Especially if there are any use cases at retail that PayPal's seeing particular success with. And then, Bob, you've highlighted in the presentation that you exceeded your 3-year guidance. With the Analyst Day coming up in March, what are your thoughts about putting out another 3-year goal then?
John J. Donahoe: Yes. Heath, on point of sale, we're -- as you mentioned, we've now signed 23 large retailers to go along with. The real focus in 2012 has been getting merchant coverage. And so the 23 large retailers, the Discover partnership, the NCR partnership, developing PayPal Here. And to be honest, we haven't focused a lot on consumer adoption to date because we felt like if a consumer can only use PayPal once in every 10 miles, it's not going to create a lot of frequency. And so what we're doing is trying to build more density of acceptance, so that a consumer can now use PayPal multiple times in a week, not just once in a while in the offline world. So really, the first significant experiment we're doing around consumer adoption, I highlighted in the script, right? The Jamba Juice, because our focus on the consumer adoption side is solving real consumer pain points. That's the only way we're going to get healthy consumer adoption. The same way PayPal has solved pain points online, it was safer and easier. On mobile, it's safer and easier. In the offline world, we're looking for situations like standing in line. Standing in line is a pain point. Consumers don't like it. Retailers don't like it. So this Jamba Juice solution is an example of how we're trying to use our capabilities to enable consumers not to have to stand in line. Another example that [indiscernible] work with NCR on is it's kind of a hassle when you want to -- when you're sitting in a restaurant and you have to wait for the check to come. Or you have to wait -- you give someone your credit card, you got to wait for the server to come back with it. Now, with this NCR solution, consumers will be able to pay right from their table when they want, add a tip and pay. And so what you'll see us doing in 2013 is it's really -- if 2012 was test and learn on the merchants side, 2013 is test and learn on the consumer side. And we'll do a variety of experiments in different retail verticals and areas to try to get consumer engagement at small retailers and large. So a lot to be learned in this coming year on the consumer front.
Robert H. Swan: And, Heath, on the second question, yes. The short answer, yes. And 2011 -- sorry, in 2009 and 2011. And again, you can expect in March of this year, we'll lay out kind of how we see the industry playing out over the course of the next 3 years: our strategies, our tactics, how we're going to invest behind them and what you can expect from us as a team in 2015. So yes, we look forward to seeing them [ph].
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Schachter with Macquarie.
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: Can you guys talk a bit about mobile in terms of how would you understand the margin differences between mobile and nonmobile, particularly on Marketplace revenue? And what I'm getting at here is if people are coming to you directly through an app, is that better for you [ph]? Do you not have to buy as many keywords from Google and others if that happens? And then related to that, can you also just talk about how you're actually marketing the app to consumers? Is that mostly through paid distribution or through free distribution?
John J. Donahoe: Yes. Well, you hit at one of the major, major advantages I think we have versus some other Internet companies. We monetize mobile the same way we monetize the Web. And so we are all in on mobile. We want to give consumers choices. If they want to pay on the Web, they can. If they want to pay on mobile, they can. And so across both of our core businesses, there is absolutely no doubt or uncertainty around the value and benefit of mobile. And so our monetization, our take rate, the same. Now as you highlighted, mobile engagement actually creates higher value in a couple of ways. Probably the most important way is our mobile consumers are more engaged than nonmobile. They simply come back to both eBay and PayPal more frequently because they are accessing it 7 days a week, 24 hours a day versus just when they're in front of their laptop or desktop. And so we see clear engagement, consumer engagement benefits of when people start engaging with our mobile apps. And that's largely -- or that's partly what's driving that mobile growth. In terms of giving people access to our apps, we do some marketing of them. But frankly, word of mouth is out. eBay is a great mobile experience. And eBay is one of the top 10 on your iPhone or Android deck apps, and that's a great position to have. In fact, we have 2 of the top 10, eBay and PayPal. People are putting that in their top 10, and word of mouth gets out. And so that's fueling that growth. There's now up to 120 million downloads across our eBay Mobile apps.
Robert H. Swan: So as John said, the economics for us are not dramatically different from a desktop or mobile device. I think the additional consideration is just in terms of sources of traffic. As you know, the majority of our traffic is -- comes direct to ebay.com. And that as a percentage of our total traffic is growing. And one of the reasons it's growing is because traffic on a mobile device tends to come direct. So net net, it'll be -- the most efficient traffic we get is that it comes direct. And mobile is helping accelerate us -- direct as a source of our overall traffic.
John J. Donahoe: The last thing I referenced earlier just while we're on the other -- some of the ways we're using mobile is mobile is actually an effective way to penetrate some new geographies. So I mentioned Brazil earlier. We had Portuguese mobile apps and Russia. You'll see us to be doing things in other markets where before we enter with a big Web experience, we can enter -- and it's a mobile experience that's in the local language, that's compelling, that's actually reaching a lot of the new Internet users who are reaching the Internet for the first time through their smartphone. So you also see us use mobile in the coming years -- coming months and years to really penetrate some geographic markets that otherwise would have been lower on our priority list.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: We saw U.S. GMV clearly outpacing international, but international ecommerce might be growing a little faster. Can you talk about how the site redesign helped you maybe in the fourth quarter in the U.S.? And why you think U.S. is outpacing? And do you think there's a catch-up internationally if the economies improve?
Robert H. Swan: I'll take a portion of that and have John take another. First, yes, I mean we continue to make innovations across all of the sites around the globe, particularly more innovations here in the U.S. in the fourth quarter as we rolled out some of the new feature set. But I would say Europe, which has been relatively strong for us, the overall -- to risk of stating the obvious, the overall economic climate is not as strong as it is here in the U.S. So we still think, see things, while good, to be relatively sluggish. And as I indicated, a little more sluggish in Germany, our second biggest market outside the U.S. versus the U.K. So yes, I would say the slower growth in international is a little more indicative of maybe the economic environment as opposed to the U.S. economic environment.
John J. Donahoe: And I'd -- Justin, I'd build on that and say that I think 2.0, that eBay 2.0, which for those who don't know, is the really updated user experience. I think that was a contributor in the U.S. Consumers like it. But I don't think it was a major difference between the U.S. and international. As Bob said, the macroeconomic factors I think are more impacting that. But we will roll eBay 2.0 out across Europe in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Youssef Squali with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Youssef H. Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: John, if I can go back to the topic of PayPal point of sale. What is the time line as you see it for when you actually start aggressively working on consumer adoption? When will that density be big enough -- the density that you mentioned earlier, when will it be kind of large enough for you to start pushing it? Is it later maybe second half of 2013? Is it early 2014? And then Bob, maybe going back to PayPal margins, came in a little bit on the lighter side for us. Can you just expand what's going on there and where you see that in fiscal 2013?
John J. Donahoe: Let me just take -- I'll take the first part of the question. And in terms of density, again, just to sort of paint the picture going forward, we'll continue to sign and integrate large merchants. And that adds a number of retail locations. We're in 18,000 retail locations in the U.S. We'll continue to add -- sign in and add large retail locations both in the U.S. and across Europe. Our Discovery deal will add 7 million new locations in the U.S. That starts -- that goes live toward the end of the second quarter. Some of our partnerships with NCR and other point-of-sale providers gives us the access to others. And then PayPal Here obviously, which we really again haven't started marketing aggressively, you'll see us starting to market PayPal Here more aggressively, and that provides coverage with the smaller micro merchants and smaller merchants. So we'll continue to build that merchant ubiquity, merchant coverage out over the next 12 months. But we're not going to wait for that to be fully done before we start testing and learning around consumer engagement. So we'll be doing some different experiments and tests in different geographic locations and different vertical segments to start the flywheel of consumer learning in 2013. And as I said, I think this will be a test-and-learn year for consumer engagement. One of the things we feel great about is that accelerating consumer growth rate, new user growth rate in PayPal, we think that as we start engaging consumers in the offline world, that will also help in our signing up of new users to PayPal. So I characterize this year as a test-and-learn year on the consumer-acquisition, consumer-engagement side.
Robert H. Swan: And, Youssef, on your question about PayPal margins, yes, they did come down in the fourth quarter. The transaction margins remained relatively stable, and we invested more. And the investments were kind of along the lines of what John said. One was continuing to drive consumer awareness to increase the active user base; second, continue to develop product that will address consumer pain points; and third, merchant ubiquity on and offline. So those are the 3 things that we've invested more behind. Active users grew, merchant ubiquity, good progress online and offline. So we feel pretty good about how those investments are working for us. In terms of 2013, more of the same. We think the opportunity is even bigger. We think we have the unique capabilities to invest behind to accelerate our position on and offline. And it will be consumer awareness and acquisition and engagement, it will be merchant ubiquity and it will be products that address consumer pain points and drive more frequency of use.
Operator: Next question comes from Jordan Rohan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jordan E. Rohan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I have a couple of questions. The first is on cross-border activity, particularly in Europe. There have been some pretty decent currency swings in the last quarter, mostly to the positive for the euro against the dollar. Has that helped your cross-border business? I don't necessarily see that in the commentary that you've given on Germany, but if you could just give us that on a broader Eurozone level. And the second is, I keep coming back to this one, consumer proposition for PayPal at the point of sale. In other words, even in the Jamba Juice example, if I didn't want to stand in line and Jamba Juice had its own app whereby I could preorder, I could do that and pay with whatever type of payment, PayPal or any credit card I wanted, I would think. So the question is, is the idea to create custom partnerships where PayPal produces these preorder apps for their retail partners or is there something else about PayPal other than a brand, that I agree is very, very strong among consumers, that you think will drive payment activity that other payment providers couldn't facilitate?
Robert H. Swan: So I'll do the cross-border trade. I think for the most part, cross-border trades for both eBay and PayPal was generally in line with overall GMV and Merchant Services TPV growth. So a little bit marginally slower, so cross-border as a percent of total didn't really change in the quarter. So it stabilized, which we feel pretty good about. The acceleration of cross-border trade, honestly, Jordan, I don't anticipate that happening until our biggest cross-border-trade quarter, Europe, economic environment gets a little bit better. So things have stabilized. We've assumed they will kind of stabilize. And if there's more buying going on in Europe, we expect that'll improve.
John J. Donahoe: And, Jordan, in terms of consumer use, here is how we're thinking about it. Consumers have habituated to use PayPal online, right? We're the leader in online payments, the preferred choice. Consumers prefer paying with PayPal on their mobile device, and the mobile payments volume is strong. What we know is that consumers are concerned about entering their credit card information to the mobile device. That's the reason when retailers integrate Mobile Express Checkout, PayPal Mobile Express Checkout, they see conversion go up. Our share of checkout is double on mobile than it is online. And so as we go into the offline world, what we're doing is a couple of things. One, this year, we'll look for some specific use cases, the check-in capability you can get with PayPal Here, where you can check in, in advance but allows the retailer to provide personalized service and makes payments completely friction free. The pre-ordering I talked about, the paying from the table. So yes, these are a variety of narrow use cases, if you will, that can -- that solve consumer pain points. And our approach to it will be that you could do it through the PayPal app or you can do it through the retailers app and pay with PayPal. It doesn't -- we'll give consumers choice and flexibility on that. We think ultimately, consumers aren't going to have 5,000 apps on their phones. And so that an app like PayPal, which allows you to check in at multiple retailers, multiple restaurants, allows you to preorder at multiple restaurants, will be of value. And PayPal will be the only option out there that allows you to have your full wallet there, where you can pay with any financial instrument you want. You can put your loyalty cards, your coupons. And so much like you have one physical wallet, we think PayPal, our intent is to drive it to be the digital wallet. But that's going to play its way out over the next 6, 12, 18 months as we drive forward. We think our starting point is strong. And I'll just remind you, I've said it before, if we get 1% of offline retail, it doubles the size of PayPal. So we like our leadership position. We think it's an enormous white space, and we'll go after it aggressively.
Operator: Our final question will come from Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: John, you mentioned the acceleration in user growth and your aspiration to continue on this path. And I think Bob mentioned that the faster user growth negatively impacts frequency in the near term. And I was wondering now that you've had 3 to 4 quarters of being able to track this new customer usage since the user reacceleration, if you can share any trends in that data on purchase frequency among this customer group. And then secondly on GSI, could you talk a bit about the progress that you've made with the replatforming, and when you think GSI is going to more proactively pursue new platform customers?
John J. Donahoe: Yes, Scott. On the -- we don't have any cohort data that I'll necessarily go through here. What I'll tell you is this, is the new users are coming from developed markets, 1/4 of them are coming from mobile, and they're coming from BRIC and emerging markets, and those 3 categories to have slightly different characteristics. The ones that are coming from developed markets on the Web often are people that have tried eBay sometime in the past and they've been inactive. And they're coming back to the new eBay. They like what they see. And we're seeing them activate again, and they buy the first time. And then we're seeing I think attractive purchase patterns and growth. And we're both qualitatively and quantitatively monitoring them. The mobile users are really interesting. The people that are registering on mobile tend to be younger. They tend to buy in slightly different categories. And what we see is they will start buying on mobile and continue buying in mobile, and then they'll bridge over to the Web as well at some point. But what we like about that group is it's a different demographic. And often, they're people that have never tried eBay before. And so they're trying eBay for the first time. And then the BRIC and emerging markets, which we think is just an enormous opportunity, I mean there's 2 billion Internet users today. That's growing to 4 billion over the next 3 to 5 years by most forecasts. A large part of that will be in the BRIC and emerging markets. A large number of those consumers will access the Web for the first time in their life through a smartphone or a mobile device. And so our growth in the BRIC and emerging markets, our new user growth, is very significant. I got Devin nodding right in front of me because he's been showing me the data about the eBay and PayPal new user growth in Russia, in Brazil, in India, in China. And our 2013 and '14 plans really are stepping on the gas of leveraging our global platforms in those BRIC and emerging markets for new users initially. And obviously, we expect the patterns of their frequency to build in their own pattern. But we think it's a huge opportunity that we're very excited about.
Robert H. Swan: And, Scott, in terms of the GSI technology platform, a few things. One, we continue to invest in the current platform, the V9, what we call V9, V10 platform, to enhance its multichannel capabilities. So that's number one. Number two, kind of the new launch, the new platform, we just certified through testing in -- right at the end of the year. Our expectation is to roll that out with the launched line here in the first half. And then third, and we already started to get some new logos in the second half of last year, and our pipeline is building. And I think what our intentions are to deliver on the technology platform to demonstrate its capabilities, not just in the lab but with the client and aggressively take its capabilities to begin to add more and more new logos as we go through the course of 2013.
John J. Donahoe: All right. That's it, everyone. Thank you. We'll see you at our Analyst Day at the end of March.
Operator: Thank you, presenters. Again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hudson John J. Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim President of Paypal Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brian J. Pitz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tom Hudson: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's Earnings Release Conference Call for the Third Quarter of 2012. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the IR section of eBay's website at http://investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of the conference call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measure in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on current expectations, forecasts, assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2012 and future growth in Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses, mobile payments and mobile commerce. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: changes in political, business and economic conditions; foreign exchange fluctuations; our need to successfully react to the increasing importance of mobile payments in commerce and increasingly social aspect of commerce; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexities of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity; our need to manage regulatory, tax and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and Bill Me Later; our ability to integrate, manage and grow businesses recently acquired or that may be acquired in the future; our need to timely upgrade and develop our systems, infrastructure and customer service capabilities at reasonable costs while maintaining site stability and performance; and adding new products and features. You may find more information about the factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at http://investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 17, 2012, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q3 earnings call. We had a great quarter with strong momentum across the company. Our third quarter revenue was up 15%, and non-GAAP EPS was up 14%. With our focus on enabling commerce, we've set bold goals for ourselves in our 3-year growth plan, and we're delivering. I want to start out by briefly touching on 4 areas that are helping to generate momentum and create broader opportunities for our company. First, mobile continues to be a game changer, and we continue to be a clear leader in mobile commerce and mobile payments. Our mobile experiences are changing the way people shop and pay. Mobile is more deeply engaging our existing customers and attracting new ones. And now, we're focused on using mobile technology to drive innovative multichannel commerce experiences for local and national retailers. Second, we're capitalizing on our global reach. Our platforms enable us to connect buyers and sellers anywhere in the world, and our core international businesses are strong. We have significant global presence, but we're only beginning to scratch the surface in emerging markets such as Brazil and Russia, which offer substantial long-term growth opportunities. Third, we're investing in our brands. Our new eBay logo and site enhancements, as well as our recently updated PayPal look and feel, create a fresh, contemporary user experience for these businesses. We're investing in marketing in both eBay and PayPal, which this week launched its first integrated consumer marketing campaign online. And last, we're leveraging our portfolio. In addition to growing our core businesses, we're also driving multichannel commerce innovation. We're focused on better integrating our technology capabilities to deliver innovative solutions for our consumers and retailers. And we're creating new long-term growth opportunities by extending our capabilities offline. So in summary, we are enabling the future of commerce. We're making shopping simpler and easier for consumers anywhere, any time. And we're focused on being a partner, not a competitor, to retailers of all sizes. I'm pleased with our strong consistent performance against our goals and vision. Technology is changing how people shop and pay and how retailers and brands compete. And each quarter demonstrates our commitment, our capabilities, our execution and the expanding opportunities we have to capitalize on these trends. Now let's take a look at the quarter, starting with PayPal. PayPal had another strong quarter, continuing to increase merchant coverage and share of checkout. Merchant Services TPV grew 26%, and TPV on eBay grew 18%, both on a FX-neutral basis. And PayPal now has more than 117 million active accounts globally, with active account growth accelerating 1% in the quarter. PayPal's global reach is a competitive advantage. For the fourth consecutive quarter, more than half of PayPal's revenue came from outside the U.S. And PayPal Mobile also continued its strong momentum in Q3, and we expect to do over $10 billion of mobile payments volume in 2012. Consumers are choosing PayPal Mobile because it offers a unique, easy and safe way to pay on a mobile device. And merchants are finding that putting PayPal on their mobile experiences drives higher checkout conversion and higher sales. In fact, according to a commissioned study completed in July, 35% of all mobile sales completed with PayPal Mobile Express Checkout were incremental. So PayPal intends to be everywhere consumers need an easy, safe, secure way to pay: online, from your phone, at your favorite neighborhood store and at major retailers. We've said that 2012 is a test-and-learn year for PayPal offline, and we feel good about what we've accomplished thus far. 10 major U.S. retailers now have PayPal live in store at more than 7,000 locations. And we expect to have 20 major retailers signed up for PayPal's point-of-sale solution by year end. And in Q3, we announced our partnership with Discover, which will provide PayPal with access to more than 7 million merchant locations in the U.S. beginning next spring. Our small business product, PayPal Here, is available in 5 markets. General availability in the U.S. now includes retail distribution at AT&T stores nationwide. Finally, PayPal is working to accelerate innovation by simplifying its product organization and creating more agile development teams. 9 different product teams are being combined into one global product organization. We believe this simpler, more streamlined approach will help PayPal consistently deliver great product experiences for consumers at a faster pace. And now let's turn to Marketplaces. eBay had another great quarter. This is a revitalized business with strong momentum globally and a focus on the future. Excluding vehicles, U.S. GMV growth accelerated 2 points to 16%, and international GMV was up 15% on an FX-neutral basis. And the number of active users on eBay was up a strong 10% for the quarter, the fastest year-over-year growth since 2007. The new eBay is here. And as many of you saw, last week we introduced our fresh new logo and began to roll out a series of significant product enhancements. The new eBay delivers a cleaner, more contemporary and consistent shopping experience. And with innovative new features such as the eBay Feed, we're beginning to use our data to provide a more personalized, curated shopping experience. Better product experiences, a sharper customer focus, improved trust and enhanced value and selection are paying off. New buyers are coming to eBay, and they like what they're finding. And we've listen to our buyers and have recently raised the standards for our sellers to achieve the top-rated seller status. These sellers must now provide 1-day handling and 14-day returns. And sellers who met these stricter top seller standards accounted for 36% of U.S. volume in Q3. And these sellers grew their same-store sales 24% year-over-year. Mobile continues to show great traction at eBay. In Q3, more than 800,000 new users made their first eBay Mobile purchase on a mobile device. Downloads of eBay Mobile apps topped 100 million, and the number of items listed on eBay via Mobile also surpassed the 100 million milestone during the quarter. Sellers are now listing almost 2 million items per week from their smartphones. And Mobile's not only helping to drive momentum on eBay, but we also believe it's a powerful tool to enable multichannel commerce. For example, in September, we launched a new version of RedLaser. This new version includes local shopping features that offer unique in-store experiences as well as additional in/out, checkout and payment features. Best Buy is the first major retailer to partner with RedLaser to offer a geo-fenced in-store experience, providing shoppers customized content, local pricing and special discounts while they're in the store or outside. This is a great example of how mobile technology can be used to enhance local retail shopping experiences, not simply disrupt them. Another example is eBay Now, a pilot we launched in August in San Francisco. Using our eBay Now mobile app, which is now available in the iTunes App Store, customers in San Francisco can purchase products on their phones from hundreds of local stores, including major retailers such as Target, Walgreens and Macy's, and then have these items delivered anywhere in the city, usually in less than an hour. We're continuing to learn from this pilot and may expand the test to other cities. So overall, Q3 was a great quarter for the eBay Marketplaces, and it continues with strong momentum. We believe this business is well positioned to continue delivering strong, steady growth. Now let me briefly share some Q3 highlights from GSI. GSI had another strong quarter, driving a 19% increase in same-store sales for its clients, once again outpacing ecommerce. This business continues to execute well, and we continue to make good progress in capturing synergies across our portfolio to help large retailers. So in summary, our core -- our company had a strong third quarter. We're enabling commerce for retailers, brands and sellers of all sizes, and we're enabling consumers to shop anytime, anywhere in a seamless multichannel commerce environment. This is a period of rapid change and technology-driven innovation in commerce. And with our mobile leadership, our global commerce platforms, our strong brands and enhanced portfolio capabilities, we will continue to lead and shape the future of commerce. We have strong momentum in our core businesses, and we're laying the foundation for more expansive longer-term growth opportunities. I feel very good about our performance, our progress and our future. Now I'll turn it over to Bob, who'll provide more details on Q3 and our outlook for Q4 in the full year.
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. Q3 was a great quarter for the company. Revenue increased 15%, non-GAAP EPS increased 14%, and user growth accelerated at both PayPal and Marketplaces. We feel very good about our portfolio and our capabilities. PayPal continues its strong growth while innovating on the next generation of payment capabilities. Marketplaces continues to get stronger, and GSI continues to help large retailers and brands succeed in a multichannel world. From a capital allocation standpoint, we generated $792 million of free cash flow, where we purchased approximately 1 million shares of common stock and issued $3 billion in long-term debt at very attractive rates. We feel confident about our performance and are raising guidance for the full year. In Q3, our combined businesses generated net revenues of $3.4 billion, up 15%. Organic revenue growth was 18%, as foreign currency movements decreased growth by roughly 2.5 points. Third quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.55, a 14% increase year-over-year. Strong top line growth and good operating leverage drove our outperformance relative to guidance. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.3%, up 100 basis points from the third quarter of 2011 as segment margins increased across all 3 business units. We generated free cash flow of $792 million in the quarter. CapEx was 11% of revenues due primarily to investments in search, data and site operations. We continue to expect full year CapEx in the range of 8% to 10% of revenue. Now let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had a strong quarter. Revenue reached $1.4 billion, and total payment volume increased to $35.2 billion, up 24% and 23% respectively on an FX-neutral basis. We continue to expand our global footprint with international TPV increasing 22% and comprising 47% of overall TPV in the quarter. A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics. Active accounts growth accelerated 1 point to 14%. On eBay TPV grew 18% on an FX-neutral basis, driven by strong eBay non-vehicles GMV growth and a 350-basis-point increase in PayPal penetration. Merchant Services TPV grew 26% on an FX-neutral basis. This growth was driven by continued expansion of PayPal on merchant sites around the world and an increase in share of checkout. Transaction margin was 64.8% in Q3, up 330 basis points. The increase was mainly driven by a higher take rate and lower transaction expense. PayPal's segment margins came in at 22.6% for the quarter, up 310 basis points from last year. The improvement was mainly due to transaction margin expansion. Let me touch on a few quick highlights for Bill Me Later. BML had a strong quarter and is becoming an increasingly important component of our portfolio. First, Bill Me Later has excellent standalone financials with TPV at $775 million, up 37%, and risk-adjusted margin of 16.5%. Second, Bill Me Later is increasing penetration as a funding source in the PayPal wallet at 1.3% share on Merchant Services and 3.7% on eBay. This penetration improves PayPal's funding mix and helps to reduce overall funding cost. And third, we continue to finance the Bill Me Later loan receivable portfolio using offshore cash. This enables us to increase the return on an underutilized asset. Overall, Bill Me Later continues to perform extremely well. Now let's move to Marketplaces. Marketplaces had a strong quarter with net revenues of $1.8 billion, up 13% on an FX-neutral basis. This was driven by FX-neutral transaction revenue growth of 14% and marketing services revenue growth of 12% from our adjacent formats. A few quick highlights on Marketplaces operational metrics. Active user growth accelerated 2 points to 10%, driven by strong growth in the U.S., the U.K. and emerging markets. As John mentioned, this is the strongest growth rate since 2007. U.S. non-vehicles GMV accelerated 2 points to 16%, and international FX neutral non-vehicles GMV grew 15%. Volume growth was driven by improvements in the customer experience, increased mobile engagement and strong performance in the Clothing and Accessories and Tickets categories. Take rate, excluding vehicles and StubHub, was essentially flat versus last year. In Marketplaces, segment margin was 39% in the quarter, up 50 basis points, primarily due to operating leverage partially offset by investments in technology and marketing. Now let's turn to our newest business unit, GSI. GSI had a solid quarter and continues to execute in line with expectations while generating higher cost synergies than we expected. Revenue for Q3 was $226 million, up 12% driven by strong volume growth partially offset by the mix of merchant sales. Global ecommerce merchandise sales, or GMS, grew 19% on a same-store sales basis. GSI's profitability is improving as we capitalize on the cost synergies we laid out at the time of the acquisition, resulting in segment margins of 6.1% for the quarter, a 330-basis-point improvement from last year. A few quick highlights on the progress related to the integration of GSI. Today, we have 15 clients leveraging ebay.com as a distribution channel to expand their businesses domestically, and a few clients now using eBay to expand their global footprint outside the U.S. PayPal is increasingly becoming the way to pay on GSI clients. PayPal coverage is now more than 90% of GSI client volume, and share of checkout is 13%. Additionally, 37 GSI clients offer Bill Me Later and 3 clients are adopting PayPal's point-of-sale capabilities. Lastly, GSI is leveraging eBay Inc. technologies and innovation including RedLaser, eBay Now, the PayPal Media Network and Magento to build solutions for clients' needs. Turning to operating expenses. In Q3, operating expenses remained flat at 45% of revenue. Gains in operating leverage were reinvested back into investments in the brand experience and product and development innovation. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $10.8 billion, including approximately $3.6 billion in the U.S. We've improved our financial flexibility, funding 57% of the U.S. BML loan receivables portfolio with offshore cash in the quarter. We repurchased 1 million shares of our common stock for approximately $47 million, and for the full year, we have substantially completed our plan to buy back shares to offset dilution from employee stock-based compensation. Now let me turn to guidance. We feel great about the first 3 quarters of the year, and we are raising the full year guidance on both the top and bottom line. For the full year 2012, we are raising our revenue forecast to $13.95 billion to $14.1 billion, representing growth of 20% to 21% and increasing our non-GAAP EPS forecast to $2.32 to $2.35, representing growth of 14% to 16%. Let me provide a little more clarity on the guidance. First, we anticipate top line growth in the high teens in an okay holiday season and continue to expect mobile adoption to Web-enabled commerce. Second, our North America business is performing stronger than our expectations, and we continue to gain operating leverage on our cost base. Third, we continue to expect macro pressures from Europe, while cross-border trade has stabilized. And fourth, we continue to invest in marketing and technology and new growth opportunities such as emerging markets, offline and mobile. We are increasingly confident in our outlook for 2012 and our 2013 plans. In summary, we feel good about our performance, and we're excited by the opportunities that lie ahead. PayPal continues its strong growth with increasing focus on simplifying and improving the customer experience. Marketplaces is thriving, with strength across all geographies driven by improvements in buyer experience from our investments. And GSI is performing in line with our expectations as it continues to add to its client portfolio and help eBay deliver commerce solutions for large merchants, leveraging our portfolio of assets. We are investing in our business for the long term, and we are focused on delivering the next generation of global commerce and payments capabilities. And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, anything you can share in terms of what you've observed during testing or just even the very early days that would suggest what kind of impact we should expect from the site redesign, whether it's conversions, customer keep rate, average order size, that type of thing?
John J. Donahoe: Well, I think the -- Heath, I think the last set of changes that Devin and the team announced last week -- streamlined registration. Streamlined registration is one that, from the outset, tested positive, and I think is partly contributing to our increase in new user growth. And we'll continue to streamline registration to make it easier for a new user to sign up on eBay. On the other end of the spectrum, you had just what we internally call turbo checkout, which is a much improved checkout experience where it's now in essence 2-click checkout. And we've always had that on mobile and on the iPad, and now we've got it on the Web. And again, that's something that's just taking friction out of the shopping experience tested positively, and I think it's a positive enhancement. And then some of the in-line stuff, the improvement in search results, it's just a cleaner experience, each of the little component pieces have tested positively. And I think they're partly explaining why we're continuing to make progress in that business. Interestingly, the 2 areas that I'm frankly most excited about in the medium to longer term, neither are things you can particularly test. One is just the brand logo. The brand logo, I think, just communicates that new eBay is here, the eBay that's a fresh, clean, safe shopping experience. And we know that we're getting a lot of people that have tried eBay 5, 10 years ago that are coming back to eBay, and they like what they see. And I think this brand logo will be one of the things that attracts them in. And then the innovation, I think, is one of the most exciting ones is what we call the Feed, which is the ability on your home page to customize what is a wonderful personalized browse experience. And any of you that haven't tried it, I encourage you to go into the home page, sign up for the Feed, put in your interests, put in searches that you've done in the past. It'll pick up historical search of things you've bought, and you'll see eBay inventory coming in a very compelling user experience that I think is very entertaining and engaging. And certainly, our qualitative research say our customers love it. We haven't been able to test the incremental impact, but it's one we feel really good about. So overall, this business is continuing to get stronger. The product experience is continuing to get better.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just one more question. In the context of the product reorganization you mentioned, how should we think about the reports of headcount reductions at PayPal?
John J. Donahoe: Yes, the -- so PayPal, first of all, let's be clear. PayPal is a very strong franchise, strong business, strong opportunity. While that's true, we are absolutely committed to accelerating the pace of the innovation at PayPal. And since David's taking over, he's taking what is in essence 9 different product organizations across PayPal and streamlining and consolidating them into one global product organization. And PayPal employees know about that. We haven't finally landed on the impact of that. And once we do, we'll communicate that to the employees and elsewhere. But I think the 2 things I would say is, one, this is clearly not a case where we're trying to pursue any cost reduction or efficiency goals. This is 100% focused on streamlining and simplifying how we create and consistently deliver great products. And that's something we're committed to do, and I think you're going to see real strong evidence of PayPal doing that in the coming weeks and months.
Robert H. Swan: I think, John, the only thing I might add, Heath, is that we're working through things at this end. And I would say, we haven't announced anything yet externally. And when we get along to where we have something to announce as usual, we, in fact, will. It's probably worth just highlighting that I think as you're aware historically, when we have situations like this that we would characterize as one-time in nature that have an impact on the financials, our historical practice has been if it's material, and I would use material as roughly $10 million as a threshold, if it's above that, we usually put it in GAAP-only numbers. And if it's below that, we just absorb that in our non-GAAP results. So I just -- I should just tell you that just so you understand how we think about items that are one-time in nature over time so you have context.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Specifically on PayPal, I was just wondering, I know it's kind of early, but how is the offline roll-out progressing? Are merchants receptive to wanting to take your brand at the point of sale? And maybe just some color there? And then secondarily on the Marketplaces business. I was just wondering how -- if there's any other initiatives that you guys are working on in terms of larger merchants and how those are progressing as well.
John J. Donahoe: Yes, sure, Sanjay. The -- on PayPal offline, again, this represents an enormous opportunity for our company, both PayPal and more broadly. We've gone from competing in a $500 billion ecommerce market to now a $10 -- or $10 trillion retail market, where half of that today is being Web-enabled. So there is strong interest from retailers of bringing PayPal to point of sale. And our approach has been what we outlined at the beginning of the year, which is to use this year to focus on merchant coverage. And so we started off with the large retailer direct integrations, like PayPal point of sale that launched at Home Depot initially and now is live in 10 retailers and over 7,000 locations in the U.S. And we've proven that, that can work with existing hardware, existing software. Then on the other end of the spectrum, with the very small merchants, we launched PayPal Here, and that will cover small merchants and individual businesspeople. And then the Discover deals are an important piece in the middle, because the Discover deal gives us coverage that's over 7,000 -- or sorry, 7 million locations. And so you see what we're trying to do, which is build merchant coverage or merchant ubiquity and position ourselves where PayPal will be very widely accepted going forward. Having focused on the merchant side of the equation, we're now focusing on the consumer side and beginning to run some small tests with different retailers, with merchant-specific balances and other things to try to create little pockets of consumer engagement. And that'll continue to be -- that'll be -- 2013 will be the year of test and learn with consumer experiences. So we're using a -- we're trying to not to come to a press release a week or some fancy flash-and-sizzle, but trying to build the fundamental so that we get a scalable business in PayPal offline. And as I've said before, if we get 1% of offline, that's another PayPal. So we're trying to build it in the way that achieves that. With respect to large retailers or large merchants on eBay, we're continuing to make progress. We're making good progress. Large retailers are looking for help to deal in this increasing multichannel environment, and they understand we're on their side. Our entire company is focused on helping those retailers grow their business. We're on their side. We don't compete with them. And so we're pleased with some progress, we're pleased with the progress we've made in a relatively short period of time. We've got retailers like Toys"R"Us, Best Buy, GMC, Sony, American Eagle, Macy's, Target, Walgreens using different products and capabilities we have. And that being said, I'd say we're only beginning to scratch the surface here. There is just so much more opportunity where we can leverage the capabilities we have to help these retailers compete and win in this commerce environment. So I'd still say it's early days, but the more we see it, the more opportunity we see to really partner with them to help them grow their business.
Robert H. Swan: John, the only thing I might add on the first question, on merchant receptivity that you highlighted on the last couple of calls and that may even be worth mentioning here is what the merchants -- this is an area in the offline world that we didn't start with in our strategic plan. And we were almost pulled in to it to a certain extent by large retailers. And in essence, what they're looking for were, as you might imagine, the basics. "Can you help us drive more traffic with your large user base and your technology?" Second, "Can you educate me more about consumers when they enter my offline store, so they -- we know that they're there and we can reach out to them?" Third, based on that, "Can we use your wallet and your functionality to help increase conversion when they're in the store?" Fourth, "Can you do it for a lower cost than I pay today?" And fifth, "Can you do it without cost -- where I don't have to invest a lot of capital?" So those are the kind of the -- where the merchants started. It's kind of the 5 things that they were thinking about and asking us if we could help them in solving those 5 key fundamental challenges that they were wrestling with. So that's kind of how we started this game. I think then John walked you through how we've been going at it and the progress that we've made.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. First, Bob, you characterized 4Q as kind of okay in the guidance, at least according to plan. Can you just elaborate what you guys are seeing thus far in 4Q across both U.S. and international? And then, John, one of the key marketplace initiatives is international expansion. You mentioned Brazil, Russia. Can you talk about the strategy to grow in those regions? Is it going to be one of kind of organic feet on the street? Or could you use some of the $4 billion offshore cash to kind of fast-track the agenda?
Robert H. Swan: Yes, Ross. First, on the Q4, maybe even if I could provide some context about trends we saw in the third quarter that influenced kind of how we're thinking about the fourth quarter. First, just macro, mobile adoption is -- continues to drive more Web-enabled commerce and ecommerce in particular. Therefore, what we're seeing throughout the course of this year is ecommerce growth rates accelerating. We only expect that to kind of continue into the fourth quarter. So in terms of secular trends, we're in a relatively good place. Secondly, things, Q2 to Q3 whether it was U.S. ecommerce growth rates, whether it was our global GMV, our TPV or our volume for GSI, we're essentially flat Q2 to Q3 at the macro level, a little bit underneath the covers as you saw strong North America and a little bit weaker Europe. And lastly, currencies on a year-over-year basis are back to neutrality, if you will, so our cross-border volume has stabilized. The last point I would make is July started strong, August was relatively weak and September ended reasonably strong. And I'd say those are all the dynamics that we've seen, we felt during the course of the third quarter and beginning here in the fourth quarter that informs our guidance, which, in essence, is roughly 17% organic growth rate, which is the middle of our range, in a holiday season with relatively tough comps with what I'd still characterize as some just macroeconomic unknowns, particularly in Europe. So those are all the things that are influencing us. But in the aggregate, strong organic top line growth in the fourth quarter, building on some of the momentum in the first 3 quarters of the year.
John J. Donahoe: And then, Ross, on international expansion, yes, We think this is a significant opportunity for our company. The fact is that there are going to be 2 billion new people who come to the Internet in the next 3 to 5 years, largely in BRIC and emerging markets. And many of those, well, the first ecommerce transaction they have, we hope to have be on eBay using PayPal. eBay's got a global brand name. Our new user growth in these markets is already high. And so we're -- and they're coming to the U.S. site or to the U.K. site or -- and so we're -- Devin's putting a big focus on cross-border business and making cross-border even more seamless for buyers in these markets and for sellers around the world. And so we think that offers a strong incremental growth opportunity, and that's our starting point. And then with respect to domestic, we're starting with PayPal. An example, we know in Brazil, PayPal is now available in domestic Brazil payments. And with our partnership with Vevo down there and the actions we're taking to penetrate merchants, the PayPal Brazilian business is growing very, very strongly. And we think that's a good starting point before we bring any domestic marketplace capabilities is to grow PayPal's domestic capability, and Brazil is a place where that's a real strong starting point. And we're in the process of filing for licenses in the other BRIC markets. So we can always use our balance sheet to accelerate progress, and we'll be thoughtful about doing that. But for now, our plan is to use cross-border and PayPal entry to -- as we penetrate some of the BRIC and emerging markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Citi.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions, that global active user growth of 10% from Marketplaces, any color on whether those newer users have any different trends, spending trends, engagement activity trends than the users you've had -- new users you've brought on in the past? And then secondly, John, you've talked about same-day shipping and a move to next-day shipping. You're seeing it across the industry, Wal-Mart, Target, et cetera. When you talk about those top sellers accounting for 30% of your volume, how do you assess the ability of the eBay seller place to adapt and adjust to next-day, same-day shipping as that requirement rises over the next 2 or 3 years?
Robert H. Swan: Mark, let me -- I'll take the first, and then maybe hand the second one over to John. First, just in terms of context. I think as you know, active user growth for the last 24 months has been on a slow, steady, consistent climb of higher and higher growth from low single digits 2 years ago to 10% growth this quarter. So we feel great about its growth. Couple of dynamics. First, from a geographic standpoint, it's consistent across the globe. So in the Americas, in Europe and Asia, we're seeing kind of the same kind of trends as we've rolled out the series of changes that we did a couple years ago essentially across all markets, so it's across the globe. And secondly, it's both buyers and listers. So the ecosystem, the growth in both buyers and listers or sellers is a good sign for the underlying ecosystem. So those are kind of macro dynamics. In terms of maybe the 3 primary drivers, first, just a better experience. We have -- if I were to try to break down the components of enhancement, roughly half of it is from just a better experience, which includes both more engaged users but also disengaged that have reengaged over time. And that's somewhat of a function of the campaigning we began last year and this year to bring back old users to the site. The second maybe big bucket is just emerging markets. As John highlighted, as these markets grow and middle classes get bigger and they look for great product around the globe, they're increasingly coming to eBay, and we're benefiting from growth of users from emerging markets. And then the last thing is technology driven, and that's primary mobile. That 15 million users we've added over the last couple years, John mentioned 800,000 of them alone were from new mobile users in the quarter, and that's been roughly 3 million over that same time period. So we have good fundamental trends, better experience, emerging markets and technology or mobile that's driving more usage. And I'd say characteristics or demographics, more women, more new and now, and with mobile, a slightly younger demographic.
John J. Donahoe: And, Mark, the -- actually one of the thing I'd say on new users is while we're pleased with the acceleration, frankly, I'm not satisfied. I mean I look at this and say the number of Internet users globally is going to double in the next 3 to 5 years and there's no reason why our active users shouldn't double during that period. And that's clearly what we're striving toward. We're focusing on it, like we haven't focused on it in a few -- in several years. I got Devin and David both nodding their heads across the table. So it's an area where I think there's a lot of runway left for us. On shipping, Mark, the -- what our research says is consumers want choice and actually different -- a consumer, inside their wallet, sometimes they want same-day things, sometimes they want -- they're willing to wait some time. And so part of our approach has been to give them that choice. They want great deals. And then eBay sellers, what's happening is the categories where free shipping is necessary, they're providing free shipping. The categories where fast shipping is necessary, they're providing fast shipping. And the competition of a marketplace is forcing those sellers that are able to deliver that to do it. What's interesting on same-day delivery, which is getting a lot of attention now, our approach has been rather than try to do this ourselves, how do we partner with the retail industry to if see we can build that capability for consumers, whether they're buying on eBay or they're buying directly from the retailers. And that eBay Now is a nice example of how we're trying to leverage our mobile capabilities, our Milo capabilities, our PayPal Here capabilities to build a consumer experience that allows retailers to, in essence, provide same-day delivery. So we'll continue to try to develop solutions that give consumers choice.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Pitz from Jefferies.
Brian J. Pitz - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: John, maybe you could give us an update on what you expect in terms of marketplace growth over the next 3 to 5 years. Perhaps an update, should we assume that you could still grow at or above ecommerce industry growth? And then a little bit more detail perhaps on your marketing plan into Q4. Do you plan to decrease your keyword purchases, for instance, in light of more traditional marketing of the brand? We ask that because we've seen a decline in some of your PLA purchases in the recent quarter. Maybe if you could just comment on that.
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Brian. The marketplace, here's how I'm thinking about it, which is I think we have demonstrated that we can provide strong, sustainable growth roughly around ecommerce, and that we have a variety of things in our toolkit and our playbook to be able to continue to do that, whether it's improving search and the user experience, improving trust. All of the things that we've been focused on, we're continuing to drive innovation, and that's what's allowing us to grow at the growth rates we're growing at today. The dialogue we're now focusing on is how do we identify opportunities to grow over and above that. And Devin has really highlighted 3 major opportunities where he sees it. One, leveraging our data to provide a more personalized experience and to provide more merchandising on eBay, which we're just really getting started on. We didn't have a cart until this year, and the cart is a natural place to do merchandising. So leveraging our data. Two, what I described earlier, BRIC and emerging markets. A real focus there starting with cross-border and, over time, with domestic. And then three is the whole local opportunity, building that connection with local inventory, whether it's large retailers listing on eBay, whether it's using Milo and RedLaser to provide a multichannel shopping experience, whether it's things like eBay Now. So those are things that we think can help drive incremental growth on eBay, and we're as bullish and optimistic as we've been certainly since any time I've been here on the potential of the eBay business. And then in our Q4 marketing spend, we anticipate spending roughly the same amount we spent last year, the same magnitude, and we're always optimizing within that. And we don't break out how much brand versus Google versus other. We basically are constantly optimizing. And I think the integrated marketing campaign with the tag line, "From the new to the hard to find, when it's on your mind, it's on eBay," is -- will serve us well in this fourth quarter. And so we're excited about our holiday plans.
Robert H. Swan: Brian, the only thing I would add is on the marketing spend. I think about it as the same. We will spend more in fourth quarter of 2012 than we did in 2011. And John's comment was about, relatively speaking, no dramatic change...
John J. Donahoe: Yes, same proportion.
Robert H. Swan: Relative to the percent of overall revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt from Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wondering if you could follow up on the strong Marketplaces' active user growth that you commented on earlier on the call? Just interested in what your views are on the possibility that sold item growth could accelerate further as new users actually regain trust in the brand and drive purchase frequency among that new customer cohort. And then secondly, on BML. The ramp in share in the U.S. addressable GMV is impressive. And I was wondering if you could just talk about the ability to extend the On eBay penetration to Merchant Services over time, and also the opportunity for BML in Europe.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, Scott. On the new users on eBay, the -- often new users do start with lower ASP items. I mean that's always been true on eBay. Items of first purchase can be music and video, can be consumer electronics, accessories, can be fashion. We have tremendous fashion growth in what we call fashion, clothing, shoes and accessories. But what we're finding is that they pretty quickly get to average ASPs. And so I -- sold item growth is, I think, it was 19% this quarter, so it's running a little bit ahead of GMV. But I envision this new entry of new buyers to, yes, help sold item growth. But over time, I think sold item and GMV growth will be fairly consistent. What we know is that they like what they're finding. I mean what we're really tracking is for the new buyers, do they buy a second time, a third time and a fourth time? And we're finding nice, we call them class curves. Our class curves are looking attractive in that sense. So our buyers -- the new buyers are turning into more frequent buyers.
Robert H. Swan: And, Scott, on your second question, yes, on Bill Me Later growth, clearly we are getting higher penetration of Bill Me Later on eBay. And honestly, that's because we can do more because we control the experience. We can do more trial with Bill Me Later on eBay. We definitely believe that over time, Bill Me Later will continue to increase penetration on eBay, and everything we learn from those experiences, we do package to bring to our other off-eBay merchants. So you get tied to that same penetration rate on Merchant Services that we do on eBay. So that is clearly what our intentions are, and some of the trial and learn we do on the eBay, we can kind of transfer to other merchants. In terms of taking Bill Me Later global or to Europe in particular, clearly, we think we have something special. We think the decision engine that we have today here domestically is very powerful. It relies on a series of external data feeds where we can make decisions in split seconds about the credit worthiness of an individual. Those feeds don't exist in all markets, so the concept is very transferable. We have to test and learn on feeds before we expand in other markets. But I think you can assume over time that our expectation is we will figure it out, and Bill Me Later will become not just a success here in North America but in Europe as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian from Robert Baird.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A little follow-up, if I can. First, on the PayPal in-store trials. Curious if you're seeing any consumer preferences emerging in the tests in terms of how they're using PayPal between the card and the PIN, for example, and whether there's a difference in the funding mix compared to online transactions? And then secondly, now that the front-end upgrade is deployed, can you review again some of the specifics on the back-end technology upgrade such as Cassini, when we should expect the bulk of those to roll out?
John J. Donahoe: Yes, Colin. On the in-store PayPal, about roughly 70% of it has been mobile number and PIN, which is just of the -- which is, I think, frankly what we thought it would be. It's just such a easy, simple way to pay. And some of the promotions that are gaining a little bit of -- little pockets of traction, we're still testing in micro-pockets with the retailers is we would call merchant-specific balances, which is the merchants offering a balance if they pay with PayPal. And if it gets them engaged and gets the consumer to come in and say, "How can I pay with PayPal?" and mobile number and PIN is often how they're paying. And no, I don't think there's anything material in the funding mix, yes.
Robert H. Swan: No, it's primarily whatever their default funding source is in the online world is not dramatically different than what we've experienced in the offline world.
John J. Donahoe: And then with Cassini, I would just put this in the bucket of the things that will continue to drive sustainable market rates of growth for the Marketplace business. And Cassini will roll out gradually over the coming 12 to 15 months. And it's frankly, it's already running in certain areas and certain parts of the site. And we'll just continue to roll it out wherever it tests positive, and we'll aggregate it over the week. The first customers -- this week is the first time we're putting any reasonable portion of customer-facing volume against it, and it's doing well. So I put that into the bucket of a series of technology and product continuous improvement that we'll be making over the next year or 2 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to ask 2 things. First, just on PayPal. The margins were up 300 basis points year-over-year and then down about 300 Q-to-Q. Just hoping you could help us understand some of the dynamics here, I guess in particular the Q-to-Q. How much is tied to seasonality and then perhaps hedging as well? And then just quickly on the Marketplaces side. You're obviously pretty excited about the site redesign. Is there any risk of unintended consequences here as you're making these changes fairly close to the holiday season?
Robert H. Swan: I'll handle the margin question, Doug. So yes, the short answer is seasonal, and the underlying dynamics are really twofold. One is, seasonally, our Q2 take rate, primarily because the adoption of the PayPal private label card is in essence monetized in Q2. So we always have a higher take rate in Q2 than we do rest of year. And the other seasonal dynamic is we just -- we broke off during the course of the year in preparation for the fourth quarter holiday season. So those 2 seasonal dynamics result in a degradation of margins Q2 to Q3, and that's pretty -- been pretty consistent. I would say that on a year-over-year basis, though, Q1, Q2, Q3, we've seen the 300-basis-point improvement year-on-year. And right now, through the first 9 months, segment margins are roughly 25%, which is at the low end of what we said we'd be able to do next year. So we feel very good about the margin expansion that we've experienced in the PayPal business.
John J. Donahoe: And, Doug, just risk or unanticipated impact of the stuff we announced last week, as I said earlier, all of it that's in the flow is tested. And so we're not implementing anything that hasn't been tested well, and we certainly aren't going to be putting things in -- close to the holiday that we think a big risk. In fact, if anything, I think we're feeling better going into this holiday than we have in a while. I mean I feel like the user experience, the growing new users, as well as existing users, the marketing campaign. So we can't predict what the macroeconomic set of circumstances is going to be this holiday in the U.S. and particularly in Europe. But we feel very good about the business momentum we're carrying into the fourth quarter. So we will look forward to reporting on that and seeing all of you in 90 days. Thank you.
Robert H. Swan: Thank you.
Tom Hudson: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracey Ford John J. Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim President of Paypal Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division James Cakmak  Telsey Advisory Group Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ronald V. Josey - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Tracey Ford, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Tracey Ford: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2012. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons, unless we clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be available for 90 days through the same link. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecast and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the third quarter and the full quarter 2012 and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses, mobile payments and mobile commerce. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: global economic events; changes in political, business, economic conditions, including any European or general economic downturn or crisis; foreign exchange rate fluctuation; our ability to integrate, manage and grow businesses recently acquired or that may be acquired in the future; our need to successfully react to the increasing importance of mobile payments and commerce, and the increasing social aspect of commerce; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise for a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity and in many different geographies; the effective management changes in business initiatives; our need to manage regulatory tax and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and Bill Me Later; and our need to timely upgrade and develop our systems, infrastructure and customer service capabilities at reasonable cost while maintaining site stability and performance in adding new products and features. You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly report on form 10-Q available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statement. All information in this presentation is as of July 18, 2012, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Tracey, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q2 earnings call. We had another great quarter. Every part of our company showed strength and we feel good about our momentum as we reshape how people around the world shop and pay. In the second quarter, revenue is up 23% and non-GAAP EPS is up 16%, a strong finish to the first half of the year. As we consistently execute against our 3-year growth plans, there is no question that an inflection point is occurring in retail. Mobile is revolutionizing how people shop and pay, becoming the digital nexus of consumers' lives. They want what they want, when they want it, anywhere, any time. We now expect eBay and PayPal Mobile to each handle over $10 billion in volume transacted this year, a stunning surge in purchases and payments on devices that did not even exist just a few short years ago. Online and offline commerce is becoming seamless and global, and retailers of all sizes need a partner who will help them navigate in this new world, compete effectively and deeply engage their consumers. And this is our focus: enabling commerce, helping consumers shop any time, anywhere and helping retailers of all sizes compete and win in this new commerce environment, and we will not compete with them. With our strong portfolio, each quarter, we're demonstrating our capabilities, our focus on innovation and our commitment to delivering against the bold goals we set for ourselves. I'm pleased with where we are and excited about what's to come. Now let's take a look at the quarter, starting with PayPal. This business continues to generate enormous opportunity and drive strong performance. PayPal is delivering real innovation, not just promises, to all segments of the market on a global scale, from small businesses to large retailers, to consumers everywhere. PayPal's global reach is a competitive advantage, and for the third consecutive quarter, more than half of PayPal's revenue came from outside the U.S. We're enabling safer, easier and more convenient ways to pay for consumers and merchants around the world. PayPal's TPV on eBay was up 18% for the quarter on an FX-neutral basis. This is driven by strong Marketplaces performance and increasing penetration on eBay, which was up 420 basis points year-over-year. In Merchant Services, TPV grew 26% on an FX-neutral basis. PayPal continued to add more than 1 million new active accounts per month in Q2, ending the quarter with over 113 million active accounts. PayPal continues to innovate. In Q2, we announced 15 retailers in addition to Home Depot, who will be implementing our point-of-sale product. Two of them are already live. Abercrombie & Fitch beta tested and began rolling out PayPal point-of-sale to over 900 stores across the U.S. in just 4 weeks, in time for the critical back-to-school shopping season. And in Q2, men's retailer Joseph A. Banks begun expanding its pilot to a full national rollout of over 550 stores. In addition, Office Depot recently, not only signed up for PayPal's point-of-sale, but also signed up for PayPal Online and PayPal Mobile. This is a great example of how we can provide comprehensive, innovative, multichannel support to retailers, and how we can drive growth in our core business while expanding PayPal's presence off-line. Our small business product, PayPal Here, the only global product of its kind, is also generating strong interest. PayPal Here has been introduced in 4 markets, and in Q2, we announced the joint venture with Softbank in Japan, which will bring PayPal Here to the world's third largest economy. And as of this week, we're pleased to announce general availability of PayPal Here on iPhone and Android to any merchant in the U.S. and Hong Kong who applies, including the over 300,000 customers who have signed up for our waiting list since announcement. As I mentioned in my opening, PayPal Mobile has strong momentum. Our new estimate of $10 billion in payment volume transacted for 2012 is up 150% over last year. Through PayPal Mobile, consumers increasingly have a more convenient way to pay in a growing number of everyday situations. For example, in Q2, 4 major High Street retailers in the U.K. began accepting payments using a new PayPal in-store app. And Starbucks added PayPal to the Android version of their app in the U.S. Now, let's turn to Marketplaces. Simply put, eBay had a great Q2, the best we've seen in years. In fact, on an FX-neutral basis, this was eBay's strongest quarter of year-over-year organic core GMV growth since 2006. Our multiyear focus to transform and reposition this business for the future is paying off. eBay is revitalized. We're more relevant today than ever to buyers and sellers globally. We've improved trust, enhanced value and selection, built better product experiences and become more customer-focused, and it's working. We believe the best is yet to come as we continue to drive innovation to serve our customers in a seamless multichannel retail environment and tap the full potential of eBay. In Q2, GMV, excluding vehicles, accelerated 2 points on an FX-neutral basis to 15%. Sold items also accelerated as did growth in active users, demonstrating that our improved eBay Marketplace is attracting more new users. And our fixed price format continues to be strong, growing 20% in the quarter on an FX-neutral basis. Fixed price is now consistently well over 60% of FX-neutral GMV, underscoring what a different and more relevant marketplace eBay is today for buyers and sellers. Top-rated sellers generated more than half of U.S. GMV and their same-store sales grew 18% in the quarter. And our sellers are offering more free shipping than ever. During Q2, 48% of transactions shipped free, up 11 points over the prior year. And Mobile continues to be a game changer, and eBay Mobile continues to be a leader with transacted mobile volume expected to double in 2012. Our mobile apps have been downloaded nearly 90 million times, and we're seeing incredible velocity stats. For example, sellers are listing almost 2 million items on mobile devices each week. A woman's handbag is purchased on eBay Mobile every 30 seconds. More than 8,000 cars and 340,000 car parts are sold each week before eBay -- through eBay mobile apps. And Mobile continues to attract new customers. In Q2, 600,000 new customers made their first purchase on eBay through our mobile apps. So again, a great quarter for eBay with strong momentum. We believe this business will continue to deliver strong, steady sustainable growth. Let me briefly share some Q2 highlights from GSI. GSI had another strong quarter, driving a 21% increase in same-store sales for its clients, once again outpacing e-commerce. A year after completing this acquisition, we feel very good about the synergies of GSI in our portfolio and the momentum and potential of this business. GSI is an essential part of enabling us to partner with large retailers and brands and drive multichannel commerce. In summary, our company had a strong second quarter and strong first half to 2012. We have a strong global portfolio, we are well positioned to enable the future of commerce and lead through the dynamic changes occurring in how people shop and pay. We're focused on innovation and on serving our customers, and we will continue to operate with discipline, clarity, and we're committed to achieving our long-term objectives. Now I'll turn it over to Bob who'll provide more details on Q2 and on our outlook for Q3 and the full year.
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. Q2 was a great quarter for the company. Revenue increased 23%, margins expanded for each of our 3 businesses versus last year and non-GAAP EPS grew 16%. We feel excellent about our portfolio and our capabilities. PayPal continues its strong growth while innovating on the next-generation of payment capabilities. The Marketplaces business is healthy and getting stronger, and GSI continues to help large retailers succeed in a multichannel world. From a capital allocation standpoint, we generated $411 million of free cash flow. We repurchased approximately 9 million shares of common stock and announced the $2 billion increase to our stock buyback program. We feel confident about our performance and are maintaining guidance for the full year. In Q2, our combined businesses generated net revenues of $3.4 billion, up 23%. Organic revenue growth was 18%, foreign currency movements decreased growth by roughly 3 points and the inclusion of recently closed acquisitions increased growth by roughly 8 points. Second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.56, a 16% increase year-over-year. Strong top line growth drove our outperformance relative to guidance. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27.3%, down 30 basis points from the second quarter 2011. The decrease was mainly due to acquisitions and business mix. Let me provide a little more context on our Q2 results. Compared to the guidance we gave back in April, there are 3 things worth highlighting that impacted our actual performance: First, and most importantly, better performance from our businesses, primarily Marketplaces, generated an approximately $70 million and -- $70 million in revenue and contributing an additional $0.02 of earnings. Second, a favorable ruling related to an indirect tax position in Korea positively impacted international Marketplaces transaction revenue by approximately $29 million and non-GAAP EPS by $0.02. And third, a higher sequential non-GAAP tax rate due to onetime adjustment of reserves related to U.S. taxation of certain foreign earnings from prior periods negatively impacted non-GAAP EPS by $0.02. In summary, there are several moving parts in the quarter, but overall, very strong results and a very strong first half to the year. We generated free cash flow of $411 million in the quarter. CapEx was 10% of revenues due primarily to investments in technology and infrastructure. We expect full year CapEx in the range of 8% to 10% of revenue. Now let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had a strong quarter. Revenue reached $1.4 billion and total payment volume increased to $34.5 billion, up 27% and 23% respectively on an FX-neutral basis. We continue to expand our global footprint with international TPV increasing 24% and comprising 47% of overall TPV in the quarter. A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics. The net number of payments grew 31%, flat with the first quarter. On eBay TPV grew 18% on an FX-neutral basis, driven by strong eBay non-vehicles GMV growth and a 420 basis point increase in PayPal penetration. Merchant Services TPV grew 26% on an FX-neutral basis. This growth was driven by continued expansion of PayPal on merchant sites around the world and an increase in share of checkout. The deceleration versus Q1 was due to macro pressure in the euro zone and softness in cross-border trade to Europe. Transaction margin was 66.3% in the quarter, up 270 basis points. The increase was mainly driven by a higher take rate and lower transaction expense. And PayPal's segment margin came in at 25.8%, up 390 basis points from last year. The improvement was mainly due to transaction margin expansion and operating leverage. Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later. More consumers are turning to BML for both convenience and choice. BML's TPV was up 39% in the quarter, driven by continued strong penetration on and off eBay. And Bill Me Later penetration in the U.S. on eBay and in the PayPal wallet increased to approximately 1.8% in the quarter. While small compared to other funding choices, this penetration helps to reduce our funding cost. Risk-adjusted margin for the quarter was 15.5%, down 1 point over last year due primarily to a higher loss rate. Now let's move to our Marketplaces business. Marketplaces had a strong quarter, with net revenues of $1.8 billion, up 14% on an FX-neutral basis. This was driven by FX-neutral transaction revenue growth of 14%, and marketing services revenue growth of 11% from our adjacent formats. A few quick highlights on Marketplaces' operational metrics. Sold items grew 20%, a 3-point acceleration from Q1, driven by strong double-digit growth across all our major markets. U.S. non-vehicles GMV grew 14%, up from 13% last quarter, driven by accelerating growth in active users and strong performance in category sales in fashion, tickets and parts and accessories. The user experience on eBay continues to improve, driving a robust domestic business. This more than offset the impact from weaker cross-border trade activity, which negatively impacted the U.S. growth rate. International FX-neutral non-vehicles GMV grew 16%, a 3-point acceleration. Performance was driven by strong growth in both APAC and the EU. Take rate, excluding vehicles, StubHub and the onetime item was flat versus last year. In Marketplaces, segment margin was 39.6% in the quarter, up 80 basis points primarily due to the benefit from indirect taxes partially offset by increased investments in technology and marketing. Now let's turn to our newest business unit, GSI. GSI had a good quarter. Revenue for Q2 was $221 million, up 9%, driven by strong volume growth, partially offset by the mix of merchant sales. Adjusting for the impact of the continued shift of clients to the service fee model, year-over-year growth would have been 12%. Global e-commerce merchandise sales, or GMS, grew 21% on a same-store sales basis. GSI marketing services, which is primarily demand generation activities, grew 27% and accounted for 26% of GSI's revenues in the quarter. And GSI's profitability is improving as we capitalize on the synergies we laid out at the time of the acquisition, resulting in a segment margin of 4.7% for the quarter. The margin is down versus the prior quarter due to seasonality and investments in the V11 platform. Q2 marks the 1-year anniversary of the acquisition of GSI, and we have made great progress in realizing the operating synergies of the businesses. PayPal's share of checkout on GSI's volume in the quarter was 13%, up from 12% last quarter. And GSI's marketing products and solutions have been integrated into Magento, part of our X.commerce business. V11's platform is progressing, but not as fast as we would like. We expect merchant deployment to begin after the upcoming peak holiday season. Further testing is required to meet our highest expectations of the product for our clients. We are leveraging GSI's expertise in serving large merchants to deliver -- to help us deliver commerce solutions across all of our platforms. We're making great progress, and we have further opportunities ahead. Turning to operating expenses. In Q2, they were 45% of revenue, slightly lower on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by operating leverage. From a capital allocation perspective, we generated free cash flow of $411 million in the quarter. We've improved our financial flexibility by funding approximately 53% of the U.S. Bill Me Later loan receivables portfolio with offshore cash. We closed one acquisition and one disposition, and we repurchased 9 million shares of our common stock for approximately $350 million. And today, we also announced the $2 billion increase to our stock buyback program for the purposes of managing dilution from stock-based compensation. We end the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $7.6 billion, including approximately $700 million in the U.S. We have a strong balance sheet and free cash flow, which should allow us to finance our organic needs and stock buyback programs over the near to medium term, and we do not anticipate meaningful M&A activity in the near term. However, most of our cash is generated and resides offshore. We will remain opportunistic when assessing sources of additional liquidity, and to the extent we increase current levels, we expect it will negatively impact our net income and earnings per share. Now, let me turn to guidance. We feel great about the first half of the year. Despite significant macro headwinds in the second half of the year, we are maintaining the full year guidance we provided back in April. For the full year 2012, we continue to expect revenue of $13.8 billion to $14.1 billion, representing growth of 18% to 21%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $2.30 to $2.35, representing growth of 13% to 16%. Let me provide a little more clarity. First, our North America business is performing stronger than our expectations, and we continue to gain operating leverage on our cost base. Second, Europe and European currencies remain under pressure. This is impacting PayPal Europe organic growth, cross-border trade to Europe and translation of foreign revenue into U.S. dollars. And third, we continue to invest in marketing and technology and new growth opportunities such as emerging markets, offline and mobile. Our expected full year non-GAAP tax rate remains in the range of 19% to 20%, and we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion. We are increasingly confident in our outlook for 2012 and our plans for 2013. For the third quarter, we expect revenue of $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion, representing growth of 11% to 15% and we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.53 to $0.55, representing growth of 10% to 15%. In summary, we feel good about our performance and we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. As PayPal continues its strong growth with increasing focus on simplifying and improving financial products and the consumer experience, the Marketplaces business is thriving, with strength across all geographies driven by improvements in buyer experience from our investments. And GSI is performing in line with our expectations as it continues to build its client portfolio and help eBay deliver commerce solutions for large merchants, leveraging our portfolio of assets. We're investing in our business for the long-term, and we are focused on delivering the next generation of global commerce and payments capabilities. And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Devitt from Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The question relates to frequency of purchase, really in the past 2 to 3 quarters, purchase frequency in Marketplaces or the gap between sold items growth and the active user growth seems to have inflected. And if I'm thinking about this the right way, there seem to be 4 broad buckets. The first would be trust and search improvements you've made over to past several years. The second would be the recent marketing campaign, third would be mobile engagement and fourth would be potentially SKU growth from large merchants in the fashion inventory that you've added, which is improved selections. I'm just wondering, John, maybe if you could rank order those in terms of their effects on this change in frequency of purchase or any other factors that would've driven it and how sustainable that you think that is.
John J. Donahoe: Yes. Thanks, Scott. The answer is yes, yes and yes. As you said, there -- the way I look at it, there's really 2 things going on here. One, we've made an enormous amount of change to the site over the past several years, including trust in search, including bringing more selection. And that was clearly driving greater frequency of our existing users or more transactions per user. And that continues to be the case. Starting 9 months ago was really the first time we began marketing to new users, right? It started in the fourth quarter last year, Buy It New, Buy It Now. And we're seeing a nice response in new users coming. And when we poll them, they like what they're seeing and they're doing a second and third transaction. And then -- the thing that I think underlies both is Mobile, because if you think about it, 4 years ago, the only time you could access eBay is when you were in front of a laptop or in front of a desktop, which is maybe a couple of hours a day. Now, you can access eBay 7 days a week, 24 hours a day with your mobile device. And that's helping with existing users and it's helping acquire new users as you saw. 600,000 new users in Q2 alone. So to be honest, even our internal metrics, we can't tease these out separately to force rank them, but I'll just say, the way I'm thinking about it is our existing users like it, MPS is going up and they're buying more. And the new news, really, in the last 9 months is an accelerating growth rate of new users who are trying us whether it's through mobile or through the web. They like what they see and they're coming back. And we want to keep pouring kerosene on that latter fire to keep it going.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian from R. W. Baird.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess, first, curious on the impact for mobile, more specifically some very impressive stats there. And I wonder if you can talk about what usage is specifically driving this growth, for example, in Marketplaces, the people are carrying their phones into the stores or is it perhaps tablets where we're seeing couch commerce become more impactful? And then related to PayPal, roughly how much of the mobile volume is related to eBay transactions versus the other applications of PayPal in the phones?
John J. Donahoe: Well, Colin, Mobile, it's really interesting because -- I'll give one statistic upfront then I'll comment more on your direct question, but for -- as we're now saying, $10 million of volume is closing on a mobile device on the eBay business. What's interesting is our analysis indicates that at least that much of volume that closes on the Web, their consumer access their mobile device at some point in the shopping experience. So as you said, mobile is impacting a significant portion of eBay's business, either at some point in the shopping experience and/or the transaction closes on it. The kinds of things we're seeing that's interesting on eBay Mobile is, let me just take the parts category, the motor parts category I referenced earlier, as I said 340,000 parts a day are being closed. As we unpack that, we're finding more and more users, in this case, our target motorist buyer, which is a male, 30 to 50 years old, they're actually using their mobile device while they're under the hood. And they can scan the VIN code or take a picture of the back of the car. And when they see the parts they want, if they do a search on their mobile device while they're under the car, our search results only show them parts that fit their car. And so that they're ordering right there on the spot. So similarly, as you described it, we're seeing consumers go into stores or walk down the street, use their mobile device either to do their investigation or in some cases, to shop. So what we're certain about is mobile is having a profound impact in consumer behavior, and are -- we are aggressively driving innovation, both to close transactions on mobile but also to enhance the shopping experience, even if the transaction doesn't close on mobile. In many ways, PayPal is the same thing. If you look at PayPal Here, it's a great example of driving new use cases where PayPal can be used. So to your direct question, PayPal is used as the way to pay on a significant portion of the eBay transactions closed on mobile devices but not all. But what's really growing is PayPal off of eBay in the mobile arena, because retailers and merchants are finding when they put PayPal Mobile Express Checkout on their app or on their website, they're seeing significantly increased conversion. And what we know in both business units is mobile shoppers and mobile payers are 3 to 4x more valuable than Web-only, simply because they're more engaged with our products and they're buying more. So it's -- I can't underestimate the importance of mobile to what we see as the future of commerce and payments.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just one maybe a follow-up quickly, perhaps it's philosophical in nature and the marketplace. Just given more high-profile brands and retailers on the site now, the sweet spot for eBay historically hasn't been new in season merchandise. So I guess my question is whether eBay, as a platform, is now ready to compete in these new product categories, and where you're seeing incremental strength in transaction volumes potentially.
John J. Donahoe: The way I'll tease that out, Colin, is I don't think new in season is ever going to be our sweet spot. But new items is absolutely our sweet spot. And retailers and brands are finding new items that may be one season out of season, or 2 seasons out of season, all the way through liquidation stock. That's their sweet spot for eBay. So we estimate over 70% of the items are new on eBay. And buyers are responding to expanding selection because what you're having is more and more sellers, be they retailers or be they traditional eBay sellers, are bringing more of their new but somewhat out of season inventory on to eBay. There's one other category, it's interesting, that's kind of evolving, which is the scarce category. eBay has always been the place where something may be new and scarce, and so the auction format is really an interesting vehicle for that. And recently, we just announced a holiday collective of designers who are designing exclusive goods for the Holiday on eBay. The reason designers love it. It allows them to go directly to consumers and that will create scarcity value. So that's, I would say, a small but growing category of goods on eBay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gil Luria from Wedbush Securities.
Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: To follow up on the mobile theme. Can you quantify, even just a little bit, what the uptick on conversion is when a retailer adds PayPal to their mobile offering? And then how is that driving a higher share of online transactions? Have you quantified what share you believe you now have of online transaction -- of mobile transactions versus online transactions?
John J. Donahoe: Well, Gil, let me just make a comment upfront. I think one of the decisions we made early on in mobile that has served us very well is from the beginning, we said, "We're not going to worry if it's incremental or not." And so it's a kind of thing we could've spent years having our financial analysts figuring out, is this incremental? Is mobile profitable, dot, dot, dot. We said, "We believe mobile is a movement that consumers want." And we've invested heavily in that. Now when we sit down with a retailer, what we can say is, "When you put Mobile Express Checkout on your mobile websites or on a mobile app, cart conversion will go up because it's very proven that consumers don't want to enter in their credit card information into a mobile device, and PayPal is the safest way to pay." And we think conversion can go up to 10%, 20%, 30%. I mean, we've not released exact statistics because it varies by retailer, but I think retailers find that their cart version goes up when they put Mobile Express Checkout on their mobile web or app. And by the way, Mobile Web -- Mobile Express Checkout is the same integration as Express Checkout. So and what it's doing is -- for the retailers is the same thing I described it was doing for eBay earlier. It allows the retailer to extend their reach outside the limitations of their store. And so now, if you're a retailer like Office Depot, who just signed with PayPal, no longer will the only way -- time you reach your consumers be when they're in the Office Depot store or when they're on the Office Depot website, but through mobile, Office Depot can be reaching their consumers 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. So retailers see the value of mobile and increasingly, they're embracing PayPal Mobile in aggressive ways.
Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And a quick follow up...
Robert H. Swan: Yes, the only -- maybe the only other comment that I would make is just in terms of percent of overall volume, last year, we said we did $5 billion of GMV on a mobile device, of a total of $69 billion. Now this year, GMV has been growing in the midteens. And we expect $10 billion to be on a mobile device. So the share of mobile transactions as a percent of our total is growing dramatically. And to John's point, the share of PayPal at -- PayPal's share of wallet or share of checkout is significantly higher on a mobile device than it is on the desktop.
Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And then the quick follow-up, is this a U.S.-based phenomena? Are you seeing more of this shift to mobile in the U.S. or is it just in line with the penetration of smartphones in other countries as well?
John J. Donahoe: It's the latter, Gil. It's sort of stunning to see how globally consistent this is. And the U.K. and Australia are furthest along because they have the highest smartphone penetration, following by U.S., followed by Germany. But the slopes, the slopes are all very consistent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Forte from Telsey Advisors.
James Cakmak  Telsey Advisory Group: This is James actually calling in for Tom. The first, this is following on -- when you look at the usage patterns of legacy users versus newly active users, are the adoption patterns for mobile similar for both? And when you look at the purchase sizes, can you speak to the differences between the 2 different cohorts? And then secondly, there's been a lot of news going on with the Federal, potential Federal legislation on the online sales taxes. Can you speak to where eBay stands and the implications for your business?
John J. Donahoe: James, on the first, to be honest, we -- there is nothing that we see that's particularly insightful or actionable about the difference between new users and, as you call them, legacy users or we call them our existing users. We see new users coming in through the mobile channel and staying on mobile channel, some come in the mobile channel and move online. But there's no, I'd say, no standout patterns or standout differences in the pattern between the 2. And with respect to online sales tax, our position is the same as it has been for years now, that our focus is on protecting small business from undue taxation or taxation that is differentially difficult for them to handle administratively. And so while online sales tax will probably happen at some point in the future, our focus is to do nationally what we did last year in California where we worked with the California legislature and created a small business exclusion, where a small business that sold less than $1 million in California didn't have to collect cross state sales tax. And that's just -- because it's a burden -- administrative burden they can't handle. So we'll continue to do that to protect the smallest of our sellers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions, and then one maybe broader, one that we're thinking about. Bob, is there a way for you to parse out for us what guidance would have looked like for the full year on an FX-neutral basis? And then John, do you have a sense of what mobile growth that you're seeing is incremental or -- versus a shift of purchases between the platforms?
Robert H. Swan: Yes, I'll go with the first one. Heath, the -- just for the first half of the year, organic growth rate, so excluding FX and M&A, was 18%. And essentially implied in our guidance for the second half is 18% organic growth rate. That's the middle of the range. So stripping out currency and any M&A activity in the second half, it's pretty much flat throughout the year. I'll just say the only nuance there is Q3 organic growth is a little bit lower and Q4 it's a little bit higher. And that's just our anticipation of what transpires in Europe during the third quarter.
John J. Donahoe: And then, Heath, on Mobile, as I said a minute ago, the -- we are not overly focused on what is incremental or not because the way we're thinking about it is, the fact is consumers like using their mobile devices, whether they buy or pay on their mobile device or just use it as part of a shopping experience. And we know that consumers that engage with their mobile apps are 3 to 4x as valuable as to those that don't. So that's how we're thinking about it. We are -- we believe it's helping our growth rate. We believe we're very well positioned to be the leader in mobile commerce and the leader in mobile payments. But we're just going to keep investing in the general area.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Got it. With the growth of PayPal again being well above overall e-commerce, how much of that would you say is new merchants accepting PayPal and how much of that is PayPal gaining share within that existing merchant base? And is there anything in particular that you would attribute that share gain to?
John J. Donahoe: Well, I think PayPal's historical growth formula continues where I would -- on one dimension, we're simply expanding new merchants, right, adding new merchants. And we continue to add new merchants globally. I mean the -- whether it's in places like Brazil and Latin America, whether it's Asia, whether it's Europe. We're adding more merchants online. And now we're adding those merchants with mobile and with offline. So that you begin to see PayPal everywhere. So kind of ubiquity. Then, we're trying to focus on building great products so that it increases more volume per user. People are using PayPal more and you see that happening. Today, we're adding digital uses, we're adding BML uses, we're adding mobile uses. And then the third area where there's absolutely more focus and David has brought -- David Marcus has brought more focus is adding more consumers to the top of the funnel. The truth is we've been adding sort of 1 million -- roughly 1 million new consumers a month for the last 3 years, and as the denominator gets bigger, our active user growth rate is coming down a little bit. And Dave has really brought an increased focus on the product experience for new users signing up to streamline registration flows, allow someone to sign up on a mobile device. You may have seen we bought Card.io yesterday. You can envision a world in the not-too-distant future where you can just frankly snap -- take a snapshot of your driver's license and credit cards to form a PayPal account. So I think one of the pieces of the PayPal play book that I think you'll see increased focus on is just consumer acquisition, which then again leads to consumer engagement, which leads to -- which is supported by the merchant ubiquity. And as you said, we're growing. We think we're going 2 to 3x faster than the market. So we're clearly gaining share in Web. We're gaining share in mobile, and our aspirations in offline is if we can get a little piece of that offline market, we think that can really add to our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Josey from ThinkEquity.
Ronald V. Josey - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: So a few here. One, maybe a quick one on housekeeping. For guidance, Bob, can you tell us a little bit more on what you're basing FX rate -- the base FX rate is for guidance for full year? And then sticking with guidance I think you had just mentioned that 3Q is a little bit lower, 4Q needs acceleration. But specifically, 3Q is lower due to Europe. And I wonder if you can talk about Europe as it relates to Marketplaces versus PayPal. I feel that PayPal was more impacted. And in the last question, I promise, is just in terms of -- do you still believe that Marketplaces can grow sort of in line with e-commerce?
Robert H. Swan: So our guidance for the second half of the year in essence, it has this S pot [ph] in effect. So that's what the guidance is based on. That being said, at this stage of the year, our hedges have us fairly well protected for clearly for bottom line and for the most part, for top line. So we feel relatively good on how protected we are for the second half of the year. In terms of the second half guidance, I refer to organically our growth rate of 18%, a little bit lower in Q3, a little bit higher in Q4, but 18% on average. And the reason we expect Q3 to be a little bit lower is in general, Q3 is our softest quarter, driven by Europe. And this go around with the Olympics. We expect a little more impact in the quarter as a whole. So that's what -- that's why Q3 is a little bit lower. I would just say, by business units in our Q2 results, Marketplaces, despite the relative headwinds we're dealing with in the macro economic environment in Europe, Marketplaces had a great quarter across-the-board in Europe. So we're expecting continued strength there. And PayPal who's got a little a broader exposure to the overall environment was a bit slower. And in our guidance, we're assuming that is well going into the second half of the year. Your third question, market...
John J. Donahoe: Yes, I'll do this one. Since you couldn't get it down fast enough. We're going to -- instead of having only a 1-question rule, we're going to have to start imposing the 3-question rule.
Robert H. Swan: At least, Ron, was kind enough.
John J. Donahoe: Yes. So, Ron, on marketplace growth rates relative to e-commerce, what I said last year at Investor Day is that the number I look at to compare marketplace to market growth is our fixed price growth rate because it's the apples-to-apples comparison. And fixed-price grew 20% this quarter. So it's clearly growing faster than e-commerce. And that's true in almost every market. What's also happening is auction growth rates are coming back a little bit and simply, the mix of fixed-price and auction are such that our blended growth rate, GMV growth rate, this quarter is 15%. So we actually think the marketplace grew roughly at e-commerce growth rates in Q2. Where all the dialogue for us is going forward and the kind of focus Devin Wenig is bringing to the marketplace is, "All right, how do we build on top of that?" And he's got focus on how we leverage our data more effectively, a strong multiyear focus on leveraging our data and he brings some great experience from his experience on Reuters on leveraging data across the platform. How do we expand more aggressively to BRIC markets, initially with cross-border and then overtime with domestic. Again, a second big multiyear initiative. And then a third is, how do we bring more selection on to eBay, be it C2C selection, be it local selection from local retailers, be a Milo or be it from large retailers. And so those are 3 broad areas, the whole area of local; local, BRIC and data are areas that we think there's incremental growth opportunity and over the next 3 years in Marketplace, and that's what Devin's really got his team focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nowak from Nomura.
Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have a question on PayPal incremental margin. It came in a little bit higher than expected again this quarter and it's kind of the highest we've seen since 2010. So I'm just curious about why they couldn't kind of stay in this low 40s range or even trend higher as you continue to grow and get positive leverage off the model. And in particular, in 2013 as investment flows. And then kind of stepping back, what's a better way to think about the 25% to 26% segment margin guidance on 2013?
Robert H. Swan: Yes, thanks, Brian. So yes, segment margins through the whole first half of the year, very strong and driven by 2 things: one, transaction margin has continued to get stronger. We've continued to invest quite a bit, but we're getting good operating leverage in the business. But the biggest driver has been on transaction margin, and we have 3 things going on in our take rates, 2 which we expect to continue and one which we do not expect to continue. And it's the same as what we experienced in the first quarter. Take rate's gone up because of Bill Me Later's strong growth. We expect that to continue. FX fees on our cross-border business, we expect that to continue. But the third one is our -- in the money revenue hedges that we benefited from a little bit in the quarter, both first and second quarter that made take rate a little bit higher than what's the sustainable level. So I expect that to come back in line over time. In terms of what it all looks like going forward, at the beginning of this year, we upped our guidance for segment margins for PayPal, the 25% to 26% range. We're at the high end of that through the first half of the year. And we'll see how it plays out as we close out 2012 and position for 2013. But we feel very good about the transaction margins and the incremental margins the business is generating and feel very good about the operating leverage we're getting while continuing to invest in future growth opportunities.
Operator: Our final question comes from Spencer Wang from Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of housekeeping questions for Bob. Bob, I know you called out the FX impact on cross-border trade. I was wondering if you could just maybe quantify what exactly the impact was on both on TPV and GMV. And then for Marketplaces, could you help us just quantify that onetime item that impacted the segment margin in Marketplaces, or is that the Korea tax issue?
Robert H. Swan: On the second question, yes, it's the $29 million and it was -- it is the Korea international VAT issue, and it flows both through Marketplaces, international transaction revenue and through to segment margins. The first question, in terms of FX impact on TPV and GMV. I'm not -- I'm not sure I understand the question, Spencer, because it's kind of directly in the -- it's directly in the materials we gave you as reported, an FX for both GMV and TPV. So maybe...
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sorry, I was wondering if you could isolate maybe just the cross-border impact, Bob. Is that possible or in terms of the demand impact.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, I would -- it's not -- I'll give you -- for deceleration for PayPal TPV Q1 to Q2, we declined by 2 points Merchant Services. And I would think about half of that being cross-border trade. So roughly 1 point. So 25% of PayPal is cross-border. And 1 point overall impact. You can get a sense as to what the impact was on TPV. It wasn't -- it was less significant on GMV. So not terribly material for the Marketplace business. Thank you, operator.
John J. Donahoe: Okay. Thank you, everyone. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program for today. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Ceran -  John J. Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim President of Paypal Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Ronald Josey - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Rohit Kulkarni Charles Eugene Munster - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research Colin A. Sebastian - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Q1 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. And now I would like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Ceran, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Jennifer Ceran: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2012. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call.  All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons, unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being web -- sorry, being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full year 2012 and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses, mobile commerce and mobile payments. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: global economic events; changes in political, business and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuation; our ability to integrate, manage and grow businesses recently acquired or that may be acquired in the future, including GSI; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users, particularly in more established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity; our need to manage regulatory, tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later and the financial industry; and our need to timely upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable cost, while adding new products and features and maintaining site stability and performance. You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 18, 2012, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information.  With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Jenny. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 earnings call. We had a strong first quarter and an excellent start to the year driven by strong performance across eBay, PayPal and GSI. Our portfolio is enabling commerce around the world, and we're excited about our future. We're building a set of capabilities that is reshaping how people shop and pay.  We're helping merchants of all sizes compete in a rapidly changing multichannel retail environment, and we will never compete with them. And we're creating compelling and engaging experiences for consumers all over the world.  At the beginning of last year, we laid out bold 3-year growth goals, and our strong performance in 2011 was a big down payment toward achieving those goals. And our first quarter results of 2012 continued that momentum.  First quarter revenue grew 29%, and non-GAAP EPS was up 18%. All of our businesses performed well. First, let's take a look at PayPal.  We see enormous opportunity for PayPal online, on mobile devices and, increasingly, in the off-line environment as well. And PayPal is delivering this innovation on a global scale. In fact, for the second consecutive quarter, more than half of PayPal's revenue came from outside the U.S., highlighting PayPal's expanding global footprint as people around the world look for a safer, easier way to pay in their domestic markets and across borders.  Paypal's TPV on eBay was up 18% for the quarter on an FX-neutral basis. This was driven by strong Marketplaces performance and increasing penetration on eBay to nearly 76%. That's a point above the prior quarter and achieves PayPal's 2013 on eBay penetration goal a year ahead of plan.  In Merchant Services, TPV grew 28% on an FX-neutral basis as more retailers and consumers chose PayPal online. PayPal continued to add more than 1 million new active accounts per month in Q1, ending the quarter with almost 110 million active accounts.  Innovation is a central focus for PayPal in 2012. During Q1, PayPal launched its first major point-of-sale product at a Home Depot. And today, that product is now available at nearly 2,000 Home Depot stores across the country. This enables PayPal's customers to pay in Home Depot stores by simply swiping a PayPal card or entering their mobile telephone number and PIN. Customers can shop without their wallets, credit cards or even their mobile phones; just pay with PayPal. And this is just the beginning. We have signed contracts with several additional retailers and will begin deploying these retailers over the remainder of this year.  We also launched a new point-of-sale product for small businesses called PayPal Here. PayPal Here offers small businesses a fully encrypted card reader for Android devices and iPhones, and it accepts all types of payment options. And unlike other solutions in the market, it's global; available in the U.S., Canada, Australia and Hong Kong at launch. The response thus far has been fantastic. More than 200,000 merchants have signed up to receive PayPal Here, which we expect to be widely available in Q2.  The use of PayPal in mobile applications is also growing. For example, retailer Cumberland Farms recently introduced an app known as SmartPay at 50 of its Boston area convenience store locations. You can now start the gas pump from your smartphone and pay for your gas safely with PayPal.  As you know, I recently named David Marcus as President of PayPal. David is a successful technology entrepreneur with a real passion for innovation, great products and consumer engagement. He leads with a founder's perspective, and I look forward to closely working with David to help define the future of money and PayPal.  PayPal also has a strong leadership team, and I want to thank the entire PayPal team for their leadership as we manage through this transition. PayPal didn't skip a beat, and we had great momentum going into Q2 and for the rest of the year.  Now let's turn to Marketplaces. Our Marketplaces business has turned the corner, shifting from defense to offense, and is delivering accelerating results. Our efforts to make the shopping experience on eBay faster and easier are paying off. We added more than 2 million new active users in Q1, the largest increase in 3 years.  On an FX-neutral basis, Marketplaces' core GMV growth accelerated 3 points to 13%, both in the U.S. and internationally in the first quarter. Fixed price, which accounted for 64% of our GMV, grew 18%, up 4 points from the prior quarter and auctions grew 3%. We're seeing great results from our investments in tailored and trusted shopping experiences. Fashion, parts and accessories and ticket categories all delivered strong double-digit growth rates. And we continue to improve trust on our sites with nearly half of U.S. GMV coming from top-rated sellers during Q1.  Same store sales for these top-rated sellers also grew in the U.S., up 22% in the quarter, significantly outpacing e-commerce. And eBay sellers are offering free shipping more than ever on eBay, and free shipping now represents 45% of transactions in Q1, up 16 points year-over-year.  On the mobile front, we continue to deliver innovative shopping experiences. In March, we launched Watch With eBay, our first iPad app that combines shopping and entertainment. Watch With eBay services merchandise related to what you're watching on TV, enabling you to shop based on inspiration from your favorite TV shows. And in Q1 alone, there were 12 million downloads of eBay Mobile apps, bringing total downloads to 78 million since the launch of eBay Mobile.  We're also excited about StubHub's international expansion into the U.K. during Q1. StubHub now offers tickets to popular music, sporting and entertainment events across the U.K. with all-in pricing at the point of purchase. This is a first for the U.K. tickets industry, underscoring StubHub's strong commitment to innovation and a great fan experience.  Let me share some of the Q1 highlights from GSI and our X.commerce platform. As a reminder, both GSI and X.commerce enable merchants of all sizes to compete in this new commerce environment, GSI focusing on larger merchants, X.commerce on smaller. GSI had another strong quarter, driving a 26% increase in same store sales for its clients, again outpacing e-commerce. During the quarter, GSI signed or extended 29 client contracts across their suite of services.  And in Q2, we're planning a limited rollout of the next generation of GSI's web service technology, or the V11 platform, which will give clients even more flexibility and control over their multichannel commerce experience. And X.commerce, our open commerce ecosystem, launched 2,000 new apps for businesses of all sizes during the first quarter.  In all, we feel confident about our continued progress at GSI and X.commerce and the synergies that cut across our businesses and platforms.  In summary, I'm pleased with our strong Q1 performance and our great start to 2012. With our focus on enabling commerce, we're delivering innovative products and great shopping experiences. We're a diverse global commerce company, and we continue to operate with discipline and clarity, leveraging our scale, technologies and capabilities to shape the future of shopping and payments.  Now I'll turn it over to Bob, who'll provide more details on Q1 and our outlook for Q2 and the full year.
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast.  As John indicated, Q1 was a great quarter for the company and a strong start to the second year of our 3-year journey. PayPal, Marketplaces and GSI all performed well.  Revenue increased 29% and non-GAAP EPS grew 18%. From a capital allocation standpoint, we announced 2 acquisitions and the divestiture of Rent.com. And we repurchased approximately 7 million shares of stock. We feel great about our portfolio and our capabilities. PayPal continues its strong trajectory while innovating on the next generation of payment capabilities; the Marketplaces core business overall is healthy, and investments in new features and functionality continue to make the customer experience even better; and GSI is focused on helping large -- larger retailers succeed in a multichannel world. As a result of our strong first quarter operating performance, we are increasing our outlook for the full year.  In Q1, our combined businesses generated net revenues of $3.3 billion, up 29%. Organic revenue growth was 18%, and the inclusion of acquisitions closed in the last 12 months increased our growth by approximately 11 points.  First quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.55, an 18% increase year-over-year. Strong top line growth drove our outperformance relative to guidance. Non-GAAP operating margin was 26.9%, down 250 basis points from the first quarter of 2011. The decrease was mainly due to acquisitions and business mix.  We generated free cash flow of $289 million in the quarter, which was reduced by a onetime tax payment of approximately $300 million related to the gain on the sale of our remaining equity interest in Skype in the fourth quarter. CapEx was 7% of revenue in the quarter.  Now let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had another strong quarter. Revenue reached $1.3 billion, and total payment volume increased to $33.9 billion, up 31% and 25% respectively on an FX-neutral basis. We continued to expand our global footprint with international TPV increasing 30% and today comprises 46% of overall TPV.  A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics. The net number of payments grew 31%, a 1-point acceleration versus fourth quarter. On eBay TPV grew 18% on an FX-neutral basis, driven by a strong eBay GMV growth and a 480-basis-point increase in PayPal penetration.  Merchant Services' TPV grew 28% on an FX-neutral basis. This growth was driven by continued expansion of PayPal on merchant sites around the world and an increase in share of checkout.  Transaction margin was 65.6% in the quarter, up 190 basis points. The increase was mainly driven by a higher take rate and lower transaction expense.  PayPal's segment margin came in a 26.4% in the quarter, up 410 basis points from last year. This improvement was mainly due to transaction margin expansion and operating leverage with some strong top line growth. PayPal's transaction segment margins are at the highest level in the last 5 years, while we continue to make significant investments to position for long-term growth.  Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later. More consumers are turning to BML for both convenience and choice. BML's TPV was up 51% in Q1, driven by continued strong penetration on and off eBay. And Bill Me Later penetration in the U.S. on eBay and in the PayPal wallet has increased in the past year to more than 1.6% in the quarter. While small compared to other funding choices, this penetration helped to reduce our funding costs. Risk-adjusted margin for the quarter was 16.8%, up 211 basis points year-over-year.  Now let's move to the Marketplaces business. Overall, Marketplaces achieved net revenues of $1.7 billion, up 13% on an FX-neutral basis. This was driven by FX-neutral transaction revenue growth of 12% and marketing services revenue growth of 16% from our adjacent formats.  A few quick highlights on Marketplaces' operational metrics. Sold items grew 17%, a 6-point acceleration from Q4, driven by strong growth in the U.K., China, U.S. and Korea. U.S. non-vehicle GMV grew 13%, driven by strong growth in active users and category sales in fashion, tickets and parts and accessories. International FX-neutral non-vehicles GMV grew 13%, driven by accelerating growth in APAC, strong performance in the U.K. and continued stable growth in Germany.  From a format perspective, fixed price, a good proxy to compare e-commerce growth, grew 18% on an FX-neutral basis. Marketplaces' segment margin was 38.7% in the quarter, down 180 basis points due primarily to increased investments in technology and marketing.  Now let's turn to our newest business unit, GSI. GSI had a strong quarter. Revenue for Q1 was $237 million, up 15%, driven by strong volume growth partially offset by the mix of merchant sales. Adjusting for the impact of the continued shift of clients to the service fee model, year-over-year growth would have been 19%.  GSI's global e-commerce merchandise sales, or GMS, grew 26% on a same store sales basis, a great result for GSI merchants who have successfully enabled strong e-commerce businesses utilizing GSI's technology platforms and complementary services. GSI marketing services, which is primarily demand generation activities, grew 30% and accounted for 23% of GSI revenue in Q1. GSI's profitability is improving as we capitalize on the synergies we laid out at the time of the acquisition, resulting in a segment margin of 9.5%.  The GSI integration continues on plan. We expect to begin a limited rollout of the V11 platform during the second quarter. And we are confident that the new platform will provide more flexibility to GSI merchants and give them greater control over their multichannel experiences. We are 9 months post the acquisition of GSI and continue to be excited about the opportunities ahead to help large retailers succeed in both -- in commerce both on and off-line.  Turning to operating expenses. In Q1, they were 44% of revenue, slightly higher on a year-over-year basis. This was driven by increased investments in product and the customer experience as well as acquisitions, offset by trust improvements and lower buyer protection expense.  From a capital allocation perspective, we generated free cash flow of $289 million in Q1. We've improved our financial flexibility by funding approximately 50% of the U.S. BML loan receivables portfolio with offshore cash. We closed one acquisition, and we repurchased 7 million shares for $240 million. And we announced an agreement to divest Rent.com because it has limited synergies with our core business. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $7.8 billion, including approximately $1.1 billion in the U.S.  Now let me turn to guidance. We feel great about the start of the year, and we are increasing our full year guidance by $100 million on the top line and $0.05 on the bottom line. Let me provide you a little more context.  First, we're increasing our expectations for a strong operating performance by approximately 2 points to reflect the strong results. Second, we have reduced the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar by 1 point to reflect a more stable currency environment versus our expectations back in January. And finally, we are increasing full year non-GAAP tax rate to 19% to 20% to account for some onetime discrete items in the first quarter and expectations for stronger growth in North America for the full year.  For the full year 2012, we now expect revenues of $13.8 billion to $14.1 billion, representing growth of 18% to 21%. And we now anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $2.30 to $2.35, representing growth of 13% to 16%.  For the second quarter, we expect revenues of $3.25 billion to $3.35 billion, representing growth of 18% to 21%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.53 to $0.55, representing growth of 10% to 15%.  In summary, we had a strong beginning to the year and are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. PayPal continues its trajectory. The core business is strong and we are driving innovations, both on and off-line. The Marketplaces business is doing well, more users are coming to the site and we continue to invest in search, mobile, local and social to enhance the platform capabilities. And GSI is performing well. We are investing in our business for the long term, and we are focused on delivering the next generation of global commerce and payments capabilities.  And now we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question in queue comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color in terms of the rollout plan for point of sale beyond Home Depot. What does the path to getting to those 20 additional retailers look like? And what's the experience so far been with leveraging, what you've learned at Home Depot in terms of making that rollout process easier this time around?
John J. Donahoe: Yes, sure, Heath. Well, the first thing I'll say is we continue to be very excited about the off-line opportunity for PayPal. It expands PayPal's served market from a $500 million market to a $10 trillion market. And if we just capture 2% of the off-line retail, it's another PayPal. So we're treating this with the same kind of seriousness we did the Merchant Services business 5 years ago and frankly, using a little bit of a similar playbook. So as you know, our focus in 2011 was to build a set of products that could work in large, small and medium-size off-line retailers. And 2012 is all about piloting, testing and learning. This is not a scaling year, it's about piloting, testing and learning. And so in the first quarter, we got the product into Home Depot. As you know, it works with the existing hardware point of sale. And it worked. We worked with Home Depot on scalability and reliability to the point where they were confident by the end of the quarter of rolling it out to all 2,000 stores nationwide. And thus far, we've done no marketing to consumers. Frankly, the only people using it thus far are eBay and Home Depot employees and others that have happened to have seen it. We're now working with Home Depot to start a phase of marketing to consumers, which will come in the May-June time frame, and you'll see that. Now you'll probably see some signage in the Home Depot stores. They will be doing some mailing to their customers. We'll be doing mailings to ours. And that's when we'll really begin to focus on trying to get some consumer engagement around it. And so a good part of the summer will be working on that phase of things. Now in the interim, we've continued to have a pipeline. Don Kingsborough and the team have been working hard signing up other retailers. We have several under contract and during the second half of the year, we'll be bringing those live to site. But again, with very much of a test and learn mindset really, we're trying to get some retailers in different segments to learn. So I feel very good about our progress. And this year is a test and learn year and so that we'll be ready in 2013 and '14 to roll out across different industry categories and globally. And then the last piece, which we didn't really talk about until we announced it, was our off-line product, PayPal Here, focused on smaller off-line retailers and merchants and that we're very excited about. I think it's a very innovative product, it's a product that we can go global with. And the -- our biggest problem there is we're not sure we can manufacture enough devices in the next 60 days to meet up with the demand. But that's the kind of problem we want to have. So all in all, it's a test and learn year for off-line, and we feel good about the progress.
Operator: Our next question in queue is from Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two quick questions probably for Bob. In Payments, the -- it looks like the core take rate was up year-over-year, which I think is the second quarter in a row, and it's a bit of a deviation from the last few years. So I know you called out foreign exchange fees as a driver, but is there any other dynamic at work? And do you think that that's sustainable? And then secondly, on Marketplace margins, it came in a little bit under 39%. So I was wondering if you could just speak to your expectations for the full year Marketplace contribution margin.
Robert H. Swan: Spencer, thanks. First, on the PayPal take rate. We have seen expansion during the course of the year. And on a year-over-year basis, it's up roughly 24 bps. And it's really driven by 3 factors, 2 that are sustainable and 1 that's a bit of a wild card. The sustainable component is our first Bill Me Later growth. As we continue to grow the Bill Me Later portfolio that we monetize in a different way, we expect our take rate to continue to go up in conjunction with Bill Me Later's component of the overall portfolio. That will continue. Secondly, as you know, we got a significant cross-border trade business in PayPal. It's roughly 25% of our total volume. And we've made some very modest changes into FX fees over the course of the last year to have a competitive offering, but tweaked up slightly. And small little tweaks on that big cross-border business has a positive impact on our take rate. Those 2, Bill Me Later growth and buyer FX fees, will continue. The third is just the gains on the hedges that we have in place, the revenue hedges that we have in place that flow to the PayPal line. That obviously is more dependent on how currencies go, and I wouldn't be counting on that one. It's a ongoing core piece of the business. So some sustainable, some not, but good, continued performance, primarily Bill Me Later growth. Second question's Marketplace operating margin. I mean, as we said 4 years ago, 35% to 45%; and a year ago, 38% to 42%. We feel very good about that range. And the natural dynamics for us are usually it comes down a little bit in Q1 and Q2 and Q3 as we invest ahead of the back-to-school and holiday season, and then goes up in Q4. So I would say that this year will be no different than prior years. And as we indicated back in January, we still feel good about our 38% to 42% operating margin next year as well.
Operator: Our next question in queue is from Gil Luria with Wedbush Securities.
Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I have a couple of quick ones. The first one is some of your customers link PayPal to their checking accounts. Therefore, when they process their transactions, some of those get routed through the Automatic (sic) [Automated] Clearing House. Do you -- are you concerned that as you continue to grow at these rates, banks that operate the ACH and participate in it will try to impede your access to it by either increasing your prices or charging consumers for linking their PayPal accounts to their checking accounts?
Robert H. Swan: I guess, Gil, it's a good question. And maybe, I'm going to just elaborate a bit because the frequency in which we gets asked -- we get asked this question is higher. And the practical reality is we don't consider it that big a deal, but let me elaborate a little bit. First, to your point, yes, ACH is one of the multiple funding sources in the PayPal wallet. And relatively speaking, it is a fairly low-cost -- a low-cost funding source. So it's an important part of our business. Secondly, I think as you know, the Fed kind of sets the rates and charges financial institutions a fee to process those payments. And we do not expect the Fed or the governor of the network to make any changes to rates. If anything, we would expect the trend of going down to continue. The third then has been the financial institutions pass on any rates to their clients. And on that front, this is a fairly competitive world and lots of the banks provide this service. And for us, we go through a very competitive process, leveraging our scale, eBay Inc. as a whole and our scale within PayPal, to get very competitive rates in a very competitive environment on behalf of our merchants and our consumers. So given that we -- lastly, I should say, we have 4 more years left on our contract. And within that contract, we're not -- we're well protected for any inflationary pressures that may come along the way that we don't think are going to happen. So I think we feel pretty good about that as a funding source in the wallet and that its cost will stay relatively low. All that said, let me maybe put this into context a little bit. Even though we don't expect any inflationary pressures, if our ACH costs went up 5x of where they are today, it's less than 1 point of operating margin on PayPal. So we don't expect them to go up. We're contractually locked out for 4 more years. And our wildest imagine -- imagination is if they go up 5x, it's less than 1 point of operating profit today and much less than 1 point 4 years from now when our contract expires. So it's -- yes, it's a good question. I apologize for the lengthy answer, but the frequency that we get asked, I think, is important enough for us to just elaborate on that one a little bit.
Operator: Our next question in queue is from Ron Josey with ThinkEquity.
Ronald Josey - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: So real quick on Marketplaces. John, I think you said that Marketplaces has turned the corner and now playing offense, and I just want to understand a little bit more what gives you confidence there, what we can look forward from Marketplaces going forward. I know there were some discussions about launching in emerging markets. But also, if you could just focus on the domestic business a little bit more as well.
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Ron. The -- well, the nice thing about the first quarter results are frankly that they are an accumulation of the hard work we've been doing over the last 3 or 4 years to improve the user experience, both the product experience, the trust, the quality of products on the site, the quality of sellers. And so the data I look at is buyer retention. And buyer retention is up in the U.S. and across the globe. The second thing, as you know over the last several years, people have been saying, "When are we going to start marketing to bring back inactive users or bring new users to the site?" And under Devin's leadership over the last really 6 months, we have really ramped that up. As you know, we did a brand campaign in the fourth quarter, and we're starting to start marketing. And Devin and I were just sitting down; he was showing me some data yesterday where our active buyer growth is up 9.5% in the core Marketplace business. So we're beginning to reach out to people that haven't used eBay in a while or never used eBay, and they're responding. And they like what they see. So I think that's adding to the growth and that's adding to our optimism. And then as you said, another focus Devin's brought is the focus on the BRIC markets. And we were going through some data, just some of the fact that -- the user growth, the buyer growth in some of the BRIC markets, in India, in Brazil and Russia, in Eastern Europe and in China. And they're very significant user growth rates. Now they're under relatively small bases. And right now, they're importing product. But as large numbers of new users come online in the BRIC markets and in the -- and in emerging markets, they won't have a local e-commerce market at first, and they're going to be looking to kind of global e-commerce sites that specialize in cross-border trade. That, of course, is what we do. eBay does it, PayPal enables it. And so again, I think that we'll see increased focus and we'll increase focus on bringing buyers to the site, both in the U.S. and around the globe, and then try to deliver a great experience so that we retain those buyers. And you add that together and that's why we're optimistic. I'll also say we have a couple of -- a nice series of product enhancements during the year. You're going to see some really, really good stuff around the checkout experience on eBay. We're finally going to -- given the fact that we own eBay and PayPal, we're going to improve the checkout experience on eBay. You're going to see some search improvements. You're going to see some fun areas and discovery, and so things -- more to come on a steady stream of product enhancements on eBay. So all in all, we're feeling good about that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of things. I think on your commentary, you mentioned parts getting better and maybe fashion. Do you see some real easy categories ahead for you to start work on in catalog and improve? And then maybe you could comment a little bit about the search engine improvements, what you think that could do for the marketplace. And then lastly, you did see some deceleration in GMV in Q4, and it looked like it really picked up -- back up in Q1. Was there anything abnormal in Q4? Or do you think the whole e-commerce market may have improved in Q1?
John J. Donahoe: Well, Justin, you got 3 question here.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: [Indiscernible].
John J. Donahoe: In part -- on the vertical categories...
Robert H. Swan: So many we might not remember all of it.
John J. Donahoe: Exactly. Parts and accessories, obviously we had strong vertical focus. That business is growing. Fashion, you've seen a more visual experience, both on our web experience and on mobile. I think you're going to see even more on that, and some of the stuff I'm really personally excited about is some of the stuff that Steve Yankovich and our mobile team are doing around visual recognition and search, which is sort of how you want to engage with a fashion experience. And then consumer electronics is a category that lends itself to catalog issue. As you said which you saw, we've rolled out the product-based experience in consumer electronics. The kinds of things that are on the to-do list going forward, it varies a little bit by market. But collectibles, I -- you'll see us do some things in collectibles. Sporting goods and baby goods are 2 sort of subcategories where we're working hard to bring the right inventory on and provide a good experience. With respect to search, Mark Carges and the team of -- have done a great job with some of the vertical shopping experiences and different search algorithms by vertical. They're now building the underlying search platform, which we'll roll out during this year. And the implication of that is that we call the Cassini internally. And historically, the search on eBay has been matching keyword match in the title, and that's really how we recall search on eBay. What Cassini will now do is will search the entire listing for search terms and match the search query with that. So we think that will improve the accuracy and comprehensiveness of search recall. And lastly, on first quarter, I -- Bob can probably comment on specific things. The thing I'll note is e-commerce is growing. I mean, mobile is having a big impact on the e-commerce market. The e-commerce stats came out yesterday in the U.S., and they were up a couple of points in -- for the month of March 17%, and we're benefiting from that. And frankly, I think our mobile apps are helping to drive that. So...
Robert H. Swan: Yes, I think you got it.
John J. Donahoe: Good. How about that? All 3.
Robert H. Swan: All 4 of them.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A question on the sold items growth, which was also very strong. When you called out U.K., China, U.S. and Korea, you gave some description on the U.S. I was just wondering if you can describe U.K., China and Korea a little bit more. And then secondly, John, just to clarify on the top-rated seller data that you gave, is that U.S. only or global?
Robert H. Swan: Scott, let me take the first one first. On China and Korea, let me bundle those 2. First, as you may remember from a year ago, for different reasons but the same impact, growth from China and Korea was relatively slow. In China, because we took some actions to ensure that the volume coming from our greater Chinese sellers were providing great experiences for our consumers in our developed markets, growth slowed until they could adjust their business models to provide great experiences. So in China, we saw a real healthy growth on volume in sold items because our sellers have really responded to the increased expectations of consumers. So that was one. I think, two, in Korea, a little bit of the same. Our competitive position in Korea is getting stronger. We're investing more behind it, and our sold item growth is accelerating because our business is stronger and our comps are relatively easy. I think on the U.S., John covered it. On U.K., this has been a very good, strong suit for us for a long period now. It's the market that Scott, as you know, we did our -- there was a launch from a lot of the innovations that we do. They've been in that market the longest and for a good 8 quarters now, we've seen really strong growth in the U.K. In Q1, sold items was no exception.
John J. Donahoe: And Scott, on top-rated seller was -- what I said earlier was U.S. And again, it just shows that this has been a continuous focus of ours to focus more and more of the marketplace on our top-rated sellers that provide the best service. It's now half of GMV in the U.S. Their businesses are growing, same store sales of 22%. They're offering more free shipping. And interestingly, we made the decision in Q1 to raise the bar to qualify the top-rated seller even more, adding in return policies and certain shipping speed expectations and tracking expectations. And so we'll continue to use that benefit of the carrot to allow those sellers on eBay to provide retail-like, fantastic consumer experiences to be the ones that will really succeed and grow. And they're stepping up to it, as eBay sellers do sort of inevitably. It's fun to see.
Robert H. Swan: And Scott, if I could just connect the dots in terms of what the implications of that is downstream. I mentioned some of the operating expense improvement was the result of lower buyer protection costs. So in the ecosystem of great sellers providing great services, technology serving them up more often, they become a bigger component of our overall growth. The implications downstream are, all else equal, less calls to the contact center and less us having to step in to provide satisfaction guarantees now because our sellers are providing that service themselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with Citigroup.
Rohit Kulkarni: This is Rohit Kulkarni. I'm filling in for Mark. I just had one question about Payments, Merchant Services growth. We have seen sequential deceleration over the last couple of quarters, and the x FX fee growth rates have come in below 30%. You've called out a couple of unusual events be it currency, volatility or lower ASPs. Will you comment on what you expect would be reasonable Merchant Services growth going forward? Or do you think we are at a new normal rate of growth?
Robert H. Swan: Yes, great question. First, maybe a little bit of context. As we indicated early last year, our expectations for PayPal over the 3-year time frame is we'll roughly double the size of the business. And that would really come in 3 different components. One, we continue to grow on eBay in the mid to upper single digits. Secondly, Bill Me Later would grow north of 40%. And third, to your question, Merchant Services would grow over that 3-year time frame of 25% to 30%. Those 3 components are what would drive the doubling of PayPal from essentially 2010 to 2013. So we said 25% to 30% for Merchant Services. Last year, Merchant Services performed much higher than that. It was up in the mid-30s, about 34%. So we're off to a great start one year in. And we increased the guidance in effect for the 3-year journey at the beginning of this year. This quarter, another good, strong quarter. Merchant Services' TPV had 28% growth, which keeps us well on track, maybe even a little bit ahead of our 3-year plan. So we feel very good about where we are. In terms of maybe context around the deceleration that happened last year, I'd say 2 things. One, wild changes in currencies, particularly for Europeans, impacts our cross-border trade, and that started to happen in Q3 and again in Q4 and that was a big component of the deceleration. Currency from Q4 to Q1 had been relatively stable. And therefore, our business -- sorry, Merchant Services has remained relatively stable growth from Q4 to Q1 because there's no wild cards. I think underneath the covers a little bit, European growth is slower. The growth in Europe, we had a great quarter as a company. eBay in Europe was very strong. PayPal growth in Europe slowed. And when we look at same store sales for our merchants in Europe, we're contending with some slowness, what we would say is really more economy-centric than the progress that our teams are making, getting new merchants and more consumer share of wallet. So 25% to 30% is what we said 5 quarters into our 12-quarter journey. We're in a -- we're in very good shape, some things working for us, some things working against, but we feel very good about the plans we laid out. And then as John mentioned, one last thing. In that 3-year plan, we didn't include anything in the off-line world. And the -- our ambitions are to take what we did in the online world, take them into the off-line world for small, medium and large merchants and dramatically increase the denominator of the served market to accelerate growth even more in -- as we exit 2013 and into 2014 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray.
Charles Eugene Munster - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: In one of the earlier questions, you talked about Home Depot and other merchants getting on board this year, kind of the test and learn phase, and then kind of in years out, broader adoption. And also in the past, you've tempered some of the Street's optimism around NFC for commerce and so forth. And the reality is, is this going to happen? It's a function of time. I think -- I thought you said 2013, 2014. So my first question is, if you were going to guess when the inflection point is in NFC, is it 2014, 2015, 2013? Is there any -- realize that it's just a guess. Is there any guess from that perspective? Then my second question is, you were -- you said you're on the offense in the marketplace and 2 million new users. Was the majority of those -- did they come from the BRICs?
John J. Donahoe: Well, Gene, on NFC, I think we're proven to have been right. My flip answer is when is it going to be ready? Never. But the -- I think other technology solutions, things like PayPal Here, things like what we're doing at point of sale where you pay hands-free mobile number and PIN, you don't even need your mobile number, are ways to provide compelling consumer experiences that don't require the actual use of an NFC technology. So I think location-based payments is something that you'll see a lot of innovation around. And just as we -- in PayPal Here, you see us using the check-in feature on location-based payment fees to be quite powerful, the GPS devices and smartphones. But again, it's not dependent upon an NFC for the last inch. So I don't know. I think you'll see more -- and I think it's going to be at least a couple years before you see widespread adoption of NFC in large retailers all over the world. There'll be some examples of innovation, but I think the real innovation that we'll be driving are in the actual consumer experience and the merchant experience.
Robert H. Swan: And just I would say on the user growth, the user growth is primarily from our developed markets. And I think what we're seeing now off a relatively low base, we see very attractive growth rates in the emerging markets. So that is an opportunity for us going forward, not necessarily moving the needle in the 2 million new users in the quarter.
John J. Donahoe: Let me just come back and say one more thing on NFC and just again, our approach is we will be tender type indifferent. If a consumer wants to pay with a card, they'll be able to pay with a card. If the consumer wants the hand-free mobile number and PIN, they'll be able to do mobile number and PIN. If the consumer wants to use their mobile phone to pay, we'll be -- we will work with all the major devices, all the major operating systems and whatever last-inch technology, Bluetooth, NFC or new ones that emerge. Our goal is to give the consumer an easy payment experience. And the technology is an enabler of that, not the product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Schachter with Macquarie.
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: John, you mentioned some of the growth coming from mobile. I was wondering if you could just parse that out a bit more and talk about the differences in consumer behavior on tablets versus smartphones and really how that's driving. Any stats you can share with us in terms of percentage of traffic, percentage of sales?
John J. Donahoe: Well, what -- well, I'll say a couple of things, Ben. This mobile is fundamentally changing the retail landscape, and there's no going back. It's -- and it's sort of stunning to see. And I'm thrilled we're at the front end of that in sort of 2 ways. One, having applications and products that allow you to actually close a transaction on a mobile device. And so eBay Mobile volume continues to just be on fire. PayPal mobile payments volume continues to be on fire. And so consumers are using their mobile devices to shop and to pay. And our applications are compelling, and I think we will certainly beat some of the goals we set out for the year on those 2 fronts. The other story, though, is consumers are using mobile devices as part of their shopping experience even if they don't actually close the transaction on a mobile device. And some of the innovations that we're driving and doing, I think, are quite interesting on that front. I'll highlight 2. One -- or 3 really. One is what we're doing around local commerce with RedLaser, Milo and PayPal, right, which we believe is providing an experience that will help drive foot traffic into large retailers. And we're working with retailers like Toys R Us and Best Buy and others to make that a compelling experience. Second example on the iPad is this notion of shop while you're watching TV. I think Nielsen produced a report that says something like 80% of smartphone and iPad or tablet users use their devices while watching TV. And so our Mobile team came up with this application where while you're watching TV with the eBay iPad app, you enter whatever channel you're watching and the TV show that you're watching. eBay inventory associated with that TV show pops up, and it's a very compelling experience. And now we're doing some experimentation with some celebrity curation and other things. So this whole notion of a dual-device experience, having an iPad or a smartphone in your lap while you're watching TV, I think you'll see a lot of shopping innovation around that. And again, we're -- we hope to be enabling that. The last thing I'd say then is the -- I think some -- the innovation around mobile is actually just beginning. It's -- some of the location-based capabilities that these mobile devices enable are going to have impact on shopping and paying. PayPal Here, that check-in feature, which allows the small retailer or small merchant to know you by name and by face when you come in. I think that visual search capabilities that -- and additional recognition will have an impact on our fashion experience and on shopping. And so we're doubling down on our mobile investment and feel very good about the innovations that are happening and are finding a growing number of retailers and merchants who are coming to us saying, "Can you help us in this mobile world?" So it's fun and it's not going away.
Operator: Okay, our last question will come from Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird.
Colin A. Sebastian - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones for me here. Number one, in the Marketplace side, John, I guess I'm curious. How much of the improvement there do you attribute to the specific changes you've outlined that you're making to the marketplace versus perhaps just a natural equilibrium point setting in for eBay, which would suggest growth in line with e-commerce regardless of the conscious changes you're making? And then secondly, on PayPal. Just looking at the growth in accounts and the spread there versus the growth in the number of payments, we see users are paying with PayPal more frequently. So I wonder if that's -- if the higher engagement is coming from the incremental growth on mobile or perhaps more or broader acceptance of PayPal on e-commerce sites or something else. If you could talk about that.
John J. Donahoe: Well, Colin, it'd be very hard for me to sit here and say that everything we've done in the last 4 years doesn't really matter in the marketplace, does it? I think 2 things. I think the answer to both of your questions is both. I think the changes we've made were essential. I think the marketplace would not have turned around. It wouldn't be where it is today without the changes we've driven. It's a more trusted, better experience. And I believe we're at a new equilibrium. And now, Devin and his team are trying to build off of that new equilibrium. Our aspiration is now going to be above e-commerce. So -- and over time that's what we'll be driving toward. So I feel that the marketplace is in a strong and sustainable place today that we'll build off of. And in PayPal, I think mobile is enhancing the engagement and the ubiquity of PayPal. And when you look at ubiquity on the web, we continue to sign additional merchants around the world up where they're putting PayPal on their online site. PayPal on a mobile device is proven to have higher conversion, and so more and more people are putting PayPal checkout on their mobile applications. And then moving into the off-line world is that third leg of ubiquity, both with large merchants and small merchants, with our point-of-sale product in PayPal Here. And our strategy is quite clearly if PayPal is everywhere, that's going to increase the likelihood that consumers engage with it, which is good for the business, both online and off. So I guess the answer to your question is yes on both fronts.  All right, everyone, thank you very much and we'll talk to you in 3 months.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John J. Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President, President of Auction Business Unit, Interim President of Ebay Marketplaces, Interim President of Paypa and Director Jennifer Ceran -  Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian J. Pitz - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Youssef H. Squali - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Thomas Forte - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Q4 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. Now I would look to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Ceran, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jennifer Ceran: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earning release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2011. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.  We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All gross rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparison, unless they clarify otherwise. The conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the website at investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2012, our 3-year outlook and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses.  Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to: global economic events; changes in political, business and economic conditions, including any further downturn or crisis in Europe; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; our ability to integrate, manage and grow businesses recently acquired or that may be acquired in the future, including GSI; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users, particularly in more established markets and increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity; our need to manage regulatory, tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later and the financial industry; and our need to timely upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable costs while adding new products and features and maintaining site stability and performance.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-Q available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 18, 2012, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information.  With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Jenny. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q4 and full year earnings call. We had a strong fourth quarter and a strong finish to an excellent year. We're delivering on our commitments and our vision of enabling commerce. Our 2011 results highlight the competitive portfolio of global commerce businesses that comprise our company today. eBay, PayPal, GSI and X.commerce are reinventing how people shop and pay. And we're positioning ourselves as an effective partner to retailers of all sizes.  2011 marked an inflection point for shopping. Online and offline retail are rapidly blending into a seamless multichannel world. Consumers are driving this change and technology is enabling it. In this new retail world, our company has powerful global commerce platforms to deliver technology-driven innovation to retailers and consumers. We're leveraging shopping technologies, such as Milo, Where and RedLaser, with a strong leadership position in mobile commerce and payments, and we're innovating in social and local commerce.  For consumers and retailers, we intend to make shopping more locally convenient and more globally accessible. This means enabling retailers of all sizes to reach consumers when, where and how those consumers want to shop. New retail is anytime, anywhere. And in this fluid environment, we will help retailers compete, but we will never compete with them.  At the beginning of last year, we laid out bold 3-year growth goals. Our strong performance in 2011 was a big down payment toward these goals. And we have increased confidence in our outlook. I will talk more about what this means for 2012 and 2013 in these remarks.  Now let's take a look at our results for Q4. We had a strong close to the year. Q4 revenue grew 35% and non-GAAP EPS was up 17%. All of our businesses performed well. PayPal had another strong quarter, eBay had solid growth in its core markets and GSI had a great holiday season driving strong growth for its merchant clients. Both PayPal and eBay now have over 100 million active accounts and active users. And during this holiday season, both PayPal and eBay set new records during peak shopping periods.  For example, on Cyber Monday, PayPal saw more than 10,000 transactions per minute during peak periods, a new record for us. We also had our biggest mobile holiday shopping season yet, with consumer spending $180 per second through our eBay mobile apps.  Let's take a look at the results for each business unit. PayPal is becoming an increasingly global business. Q4 marked the first time that more than half of PayPal's revenues came from outside the U.S. Consumers and merchants around the world are responding to the benefits PayPal offers, and this business has tremendous opportunity globally.  In Merchant Services, TPV was up 29%. PayPal added more than 1 million new active users each month in Q4, ending the year with more than $106 million globally. And PayPal customers continue to steadily increase the number of times they use PayPal, with Q4 transactions increasing 30% year-over-year. PayPal's TPV on eBay was up 16% for the quarter, as penetration on eBay accelerated more than 1 point from Q3 to over 74%. And PayPal's mobile payments business ended the year with strong momentum.  For the year, our mobile payment volume hit $4 billion, more than 5x the volume of the year before. The number of PayPal customers regularly making a purchase through their mobile phone more than doubled during the second half of the year. And during the holiday season, mobile payment volume increased more than 500% on Thanksgiving, Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Simply put, consumers are shopping more frequently via mobile and merchants who adopt PayPal Mobile Express Checkout are seeing significantly higher conversion. We expect PayPal's mobile growth to continue with mobile volume in 2012 estimated to hit $7 billion.  Meanwhile, PayPal continues to generate excitement around our plans to extend PayPal to point-of-sale retail locations. We anticipate this will give consumers better shopping experiences and more flexible payment choices. And for retailers, we believe this will give them opportunities to not only engage consumers at checkout, but also throughout their entire multichannel shopping experience.  Since we opened it in November, over 100 retailers have visited PayPal's Shopping Showcase in New York, where our new payment innovations are being demonstrated in retail-like environments. And in Q4, we began a limited in-store test with Home Depot, our first national retail partner. And later this week, we'll be launching a pilot to 51 Home Depot stores, primarily in the Bay Area.  PayPal customers will be able to easily and quickly pay for purchases in these stores, by either swiping their PayPal card, or simply entering their mobile phone number and PIN. You can shop without your wallet, without your credit cards or even your mobile phone, just pay with PayPal. We're excited about our partnership with Home Depot, and we'll continue to be focused on delivering the best possible product experience for consumers and retailers as we expand with Home Depot and other national retailers later this year.  Turning to Marketplaces. eBay had a solid quarter. Marketplaces revenue grew 16%, with core GMV up 10% and marketing services up 24%. Let me talk a little more about GMV.  Core GMV grew 10%, both in the U.S. and internationally. Fixed price, which now accounts for 64% of total GMV, grew 14% globally and 15% in e-commerce, in line -- or in the U.S., in line with e-commerce. Today, eBay offers consumers more inventory than ever with approximately 300 million listings available at any given time. The site is cleaner, easier and faster to shop than ever before. And our most trusted sellers continue to win.  In Q4, nearly half of all GMV on eBay in the U.S. came from top-rated sellers, a reflection of the trusted retail-like experience they're offering shoppers today. Same-store sales for top-rated sellers grew 19% in the quarter, outpacing e-commerce. And eBay sellers offered free shipping on more items this holiday season, representing 43% of transactions, up 14 points over the prior year.  eBay also continued its strong mobile commerce leadership, ending the year with $5 billion of mobile volume. That's more than double 2010. And in 2012, we expect eBay mobile volume to grow to $8 billion. Mobile can make any moment conveniently shoppable and consumers love having their favorite store, eBay, in their pocket.  And mobile is driving more than just shopping on eBay. In 2011, eBay acquired more than 1 million new active users via mobile devices. And each week, eBay sellers are now uploading on average more than 1 million listings through our mobile apps with each listing taking an average of 60 seconds or less to complete.  We also stepped up our marketing in Q4, and we're pleased with how our Buy It New, Buy It Now consumer campaign is beginning to change consumer perception of eBay in the U.S. Early feedback shows the campaigns been successful in helping to drive brand awareness and position eBay as the destination with a great selection of new merchandise at fixed prices.  Turning to our new business unit. GSI had a great holiday season, driving a 26% increase in same-store sales for its merchants. And we're making great progress in the second half of last year in our integration efforts. We're capturing synergies across the portfolio and ended the year with 13 GSI merchants selling on eBay.  In Q4, we also launched X.commerce. We're excited about the enthusiastic response to X.commerce and the potential for this open commerce ecosystem to drive innovation for merchants and third-party developers. Today, we already have 800,000 developers, merchants and users on the X.commerce platform.  In summary, I'm pleased with our fourth quarter performance, our progress over the past 12 months and our progress in delivering against our 3-year growth outlook we announced last February. In a dynamic and rapidly changing environment, we are operating with discipline and clarity. We have a strong bench of management talent and we will not skip a beat as we manage the transition at PayPal. Across the company, I'm more confident than ever in our ability to execute.  We are a different eBay today; technology-driven and customer-focused, with a portfolio of commerce, platforms and products that engage consumers and benefit retailers. We're no longer just an e-commerce leader but a stronger, more diverse global commerce company shaping the future of shopping and payments.  Now I'll turn it over to Bob, who'll provide more details on Q4 and the full year before we take questions.
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. Before I go to the results for the quarter, I'd like to take a moment to put some perspective on the full year.  As John mentioned earlier, commerce is at an inflection point. Technology-led innovation, driven by the wide adoption of eBay and other applications on smartphones and tablets, is changing the way people shop. Retail is becoming multichannel and merchants of all sizes must keep up with changing consumer behavior. They have been reaching out to us for help and we are responding.  Today, eBay is focused on enabling global commerce by investing in new products and services that extend our capabilities and put us in a position to meet the evolving needs of both merchants and consumers. Simply put, this is the essence of our 3-year plan we outlined at Analyst Day earlier last year. And we've now completed the first year of our 3-year journey.  Overall, the first year was an excellent one for eBay. We grew the company's top line 27%, delivered EPS growth of 17% and generated $2.3 billion in free cash flow. And our platforms enabled nearly $150 billion of commerce volume for our customers.  First, is the guidance we gave you back in January of 2011. We are $1 billion larger and approximately $100 million better on net income with a balance sheet as strong as ever. We feel great about our portfolio and our capabilities. PayPal is adding merchants and consumers while investing in the next generation of payment capabilities. The Marketplaces' core business overall is healthy, and investments in new features and functionality continue to make the site even better. And GSI is focused on helping larger retailers succeed in a multichannel world.  One year into our 3-year plan, we are ahead of our expectations and we are increasingly confident about the future. Now let's take a look at the results from the fourth quarter.  Q4 was a great quarter for our company, and PayPal, Marketplaces and GSI all performed well. Revenue increased 35%, non-GAAP EPS grew 17% and operating margins accelerated across all 3 segments.  From a capital allocation standpoint, we closed the sale of our remaining investment in Skype for $2.3 billion, we completed 3 product-enhancing acquisitions and we repurchased approximately 8 million shares. We had a strong finish to a great year and we'll carry that momentum into 2012 and 2013.  In Q4, our combined businesses generated net revenues of $3.4 billion, up 35%; organic revenue growth was 19%; and the inclusion of recently closed acquisitions increased our growth by approximately 16 points.  Third quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.60, a 17% increase year-over-year. Solid top line growth drove our out-performance relative to guidance. Non-GAAP operating margin was 28.7%, down 80 basis points from Q4 2010. This was driven by operating leverage, offset by business mix and the impact of recently completed acquisitions. We generated strong free cash flow of $691 million in the fourth quarter with CapEx at roughly 9% of revenues. Now let's take a closer look at our segment results.  PayPal posted another great quarter. Revenue growth was 28% and total payment volume increased to $33.4 billion, up 24%. We continue to expand our global footprint with international TPV increasing 33% and comprising 47% of overall TPV in the quarter.  A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics. The number of payments grew 30%, a 1 point acceleration versus the third quarter. On eBay, TPV grew 16% on an FX neutral basis, driven by a 10% increase in GMV and a 4-point increase in PayPal penetration on eBay.  Merchant Services TPV grew 29% on an FX neutral basis. This growth was driven by continued expansion on PayPal merchant sites around the world and an increase in share of checkout. While growth was strong, we decelerated 4 points in the quarter. The deceleration was driven by softness in cross-border trade, particularly to Europe, and declines in average payment size from strong growth and low priced categories as well as holiday discounting. Transaction margin was 64.8% in Q4, up 130 basis points. The increase was mainly driven by a higher take rate and lower transaction expense as a result of the Durbin amendment. PayPal's segment margin was 24.7% in the quarter, up 260 basis points from last year and at the highest level over the past 5 years. Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later.  Bill Me Later's TPV was up 44%, driven by a continued strong penetration on and off eBay. BML penetration in the U.S., on eBay and in the PayPal wallet, has increased in the past year to more than 1.6% in the fourth quarter. This penetration reduces our funding cost as consumers shift away from credit cards to Bill Me Later. Risk-adjusted margins in the quarter were at 16.9%, up 250 basis points over last year.  Now let's move to our Marketplaces business. Overall, Marketplaces achieved net revenues of $1.8 billion, up 17% on an FX neutral basis. This was driven by a transaction revenue growth of 15% and marketing services revenue growth of 24% from our adjacent format.  A few quick highlights on Marketplaces operational metrics. Sold items grew 11%, approximately a 2-point acceleration from Q3, driven by growth in the U.K., China and the U.S. U.S. GMV grew 10%, driven by a strong active user growth in category sales in fashion and parts and accessories.  While growth was solid, GMV decelerated 4 points as exports to Europe slowed and ASPs declined, primarily driven by gold prices on the platform. From a format perspective, U.S. fixed price growth was strong at 15% while auctions grew at 2%. International FX neutral GMV grew 10%, driven by acceleration in APAC, strong and stable performance in the U.K. and continued sluggish growth in Germany. Marketplaces segment margin was 40.6% in the quarter, up 140 basis points from operating leverage.  Now let's turn to our newest business unit, GSI. GSI had a great quarter. Revenue was $364 million, up 11%, which was driven by a strong volume growth, partially offset by the mix of merchant sales. Adjusting for the impact of the continued shift of clients to the service fee model, year-over-year growth would have been 15%. Global e-commerce merchandise sales, or GMS. grew 26% on a same-store sales basis, which was driven by a strong performance in toys and health and beauty verticals. And GSI Marketing Services, which is primarily demand-generation activities, accounted for nearly 20% of GSI revenue and was up 35% in the quarter.  A quick update on the unit -- on the GSI integration. GSI's profitability is improving, as we capitalize on the synergies we laid out earlier last year. The number of GSI merchants selling on the eBay platform is now 13, and we have added 8 new merchants to the eBay platform since the acquisition. And we are increasing PayPal's ubiquity with 89% coverage of GSI volume and 13% share of checkout. We are 6 months post the acquisition of GSI, and we're even more excited about the opportunities ahead.  Turning to operating expenses. In the fourth quarter, they were 42% of revenue, slightly lower on a year-over-year basis. This was driven by the impact of GSI, as well as improved productivity from operational excellence initiatives offset by investments in product and the customer experience.  From a capital allocation perspective, we generated strong free cash flow of $2.3 billion in 2011, including almost $700 million in the fourth quarter. We've improved our financial flexibility by funding approximately 50% of the U.S. Bill Me Later loan receivables portfolio with our offshore cash.  During the year, we invested approximately $3.4 billion to strengthen our portfolio with 3 acquisitions closing in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we repurchased 33.6 million shares. for a total of 1.1 billion. We ended the year with cash, cash equivalents and nonequity investments of $7.5 billion, including approximately $1 billion in the U.S. Now let me turn to guidance.  From a macro perspective, we are assuming a relatively stable outlook for the global economy, current foreign exchange rates and a continued low interest rate environment. While we remain anxious about the European economy and the impact of weaker European currencies on our cross-border volume, we are bullish about growth prospects for web-enabled commerce overall and e-commerce, in particular.  From an operating perspective, we expect continued strong performance in PayPal, solid performance in Marketplaces with continued investment and platform in new products, strong performance at GSI driven by top line growth and synergy realization and our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be in the 18.5% to 19.5% range for the year. For the full year 2012, we expect revenue of $13.7 billion to $14 billion, representing growth of 18% to 20%.  We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $2.25 to $2.30, representing growth of 11% to 13%. Our non-GAAP EPS growth of 12% is driven by several factors. First, we are expecting strong operating earnings growth of approximately 15% with improving segment margins at PayPal and GSI and stable margins at Marketplaces. Second, we've made several acquisitions in 2011 that we expect to contribute 4 points to the top line and 1 point of growth to earnings. Third, the strong U.S. dollar will negatively impact top and bottom line by approximately 3 points. Lastly, the low interest rate environment and the loss of our 30% portion of Skype's income will negatively impact our EPS growth by approximately 1 point.  In summary, strong top and bottom line growth will be tempered by a stronger dollar and a weak interest rate environment. For the first quarter, we expect revenues of $3.05 billion to $3.15 billion, representing growth of 20% to 24%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.50 to $0.51, representing growth of 7% to 9%. EPS will grow slower in the first quarter than the full year due to a more seasonal business magnified by the addition of GSI and higher investments in the first half of the year.  Let me take a minute and go back to our Analyst Day of a year ago. You may recognize Slide 19 from the Analyst Day deck where we initially laid out our expectations for 2013. I've updated this outlook to reflect our current view.  First, we had strong momentum coming out of 2011. And secondly, we're expecting continued momentum in 2012, with a more diversified portfolio and a stronger set of assets. This has given us the confidence to raise the midpoint of our 2013 revenue guidance by approximately $550 million. Additionally, we are also increasing PayPal's segment margin by 1 point to 25% to 26%.  As a result of the strong top line growth and improved PayPal margins, we are raising the midpoint of our 3-year non-GAAP EPS CAGR by 1 point to 14% to 16%.  So in summary, we had a strong close to a great year and are well-positioned to capitalize on the opportunities ahead in the external environment. We exceeded the commitments we laid out for you at the beginning of the year. PayPal continues its strong growth, core eBay is healthy and getting stronger and the GSI integration is going well.  We are executing our strategies with a sharp focus on operational excellence that's enabling us to deliver on our commitments while reinvesting in commerce innovation and the customer experience. We allocated our capital with discipline, closing 13 acquisitions, repurchasing 34 million shares and selling our remaining minority stake in Skype. And finally, we are more confident in our 3-year operating plan and are increasing the midpoint of our 2013 numbers.  And now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Sandler of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I've just got one question for Bob on margins and then one for John on user growth. Bob, you've done a nice job of turning the segment margins around in both Marketplaces and PayPal. Can you just give us a little bit more color on the sustainability of the margins and specifically on the PayPal side prior to the margin increases from Durbin versus other efficiencies? And then, John, on the user growth, you rolled out the advertising program in the U.S. in the fall of this year. Do you feel good about the 6% global user growth? Or do you expect that to potentially tick higher as we get into '12?
Robert H. Swan: Yes. First, just to clarify the great job on margins in the segments, it is attributable to the Marketplace, the PayPal and the GSI teams. I'm just adding up their performance, so I'll pass along your comment. Secondly, for PayPal, we had a year-over-year, roughly 5-point improvement, in segment operating margins. And it's 2 fundamental things. One, transaction margins continue to improve and stay well above that 60% level that we laid out 3 years ago. And secondly, we're beginning to get the benefits of operating leverage without constraining investments in new products and capabilities. So those are the 2 primary drivers. In terms of sustainability implied in our guidance, both for '12 and 2013, is: PayPal's margins will continue to expand; Marketplaces margins will continue to stay relatively stable, consistent with the 38% to 42% range that we provided at the beginning of last year; and our expectations at GSI margins will continue to grow as well, with leverage on existing infrastructure, a better mix with its fast-growing marketing services and the synergies that we're able to generate with GSI's part of the eBay portfolio.
John J. Donahoe: And, Ross, in your second question on user growth and our advertising, as you know, in the fourth quarter, I finally felt it was time to begin getting the message out about eBay, that our user experience had improved enough, that getting the message out was right. We did some TV advertising around the Buy It New, Buy It Now; intended to begin to shift brand perception. To be clear, this is a longer term -- this is the beginning of that. That's not going to happen overnight. I am pleased that we added more new users in the fourth quarter to eBay than we've done in several years in that 6% growth, but we're just getting started. I'm sitting next to Devin Wenig, who's the new President of Marketplace division. He's made adding new users, one of his key tenets, both in our existing markets and in new markets. And so we think we have a very good user experience and we  youll look to us to continue to be on the offense of getting that message out, both to our current users, to last users and increasingly to new users.
Operator: Our next question in queue comes from Scott Devitt.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two, if I could, John first. As you continue to position the collection of assets as the technology platform for enabling commerce, I was just wondering what you think the most important metrics or milestones are that we should look toward in measuring the company against those aspirations over the next few years. And then secondly, a follow-up on the marketing campaign. The turnaround in the business seemed to start with increased frequency amongst existing loyal customers, and then with the marketing campaign launch, now that you've reinvigorated user growth. I guess the question is, when would you anticipate a change in frequency amongst these new users? You said it's a long-term endeavor. Is it something that a couple quarters in post marketing campaign you start to see changes in frequency? Or is it a year out? Or something else?
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Scott. You captured exactly where our focus is. We feel this growing opportunity to be the technology platform for enabling commerce. And I'm not sure there's anything -- any of our metrics change business unit by business unit. But here's what I'm focusing on, which is, are we helping our customers win? So for instance, we know that when PayPal merchants add PayPal Express Checkout or increasingly add Paypal Mobile Express Checkout, they grow faster than their competition, they grow faster than the market. So we got a capability that's helping them compete and win in this new environment. I'm thrilled to see the GSI in the fourth quarter. GSI clients grew 26% same-store sales. So GSI clients grew more than 50% faster than the market. So our technology -- GSI technology capabilities and services are helping its clients win. On eBay, I feel -- just particularly in the fourth quarter around top-rated sellers because the fourth quarter is a heavy fixed price, it's kind of a gift-giving quarter, right? And consumers want to be able to get a gift off and a new item in a fixed price format, and our top-rated sellers grew 19% in the fourth quarter. So if you hear me talking about our senior leadership team, I'm talking about, are we helping our customers and clients win as their technology partner across all of our assets? With respect to adding new -- the marketing campaign and adding new users and what the -- I think you're sort of asking what's the cycle of usage for the new users. To be honest, it's too early to tell. We are -- as you said correctly, our existing users have carried a lot of a turnaround, that they've increased their frequency per user, their purchase per user, so we know they're happy with our site. Our customer loyalty is up. Our NPS is up. And now to bring new users into the site, we're trying to ensure that we get them to make that first transaction, then a second and a third. And as we learn with them, and as we try to market to them and drive that cycle, we'll let you know. But I will be lying to you if I can tell you we understood the class curves, as what we call them, for the new sets of users and -- but we have a focus on adding new users, and we're increasingly confident in our ability to grow their share of wallet on eBay.
Operator: The next question in queue is from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, when you're looking for $7 billion in mobile payments this year that excludes point of sale. Any willingness to kind of venture on what impact you think point-of-sale could potentially have on PayPal this year? And then I guess, Bob, a quick follow-up. You've talked in the past, when discussing cross-border, about efforts to build out the other side of the euro trade. Any update that you can give us on that?
John J. Donahoe: Heath, I'll take the first one on mobile payments. I'd say a couple of quick things. One, you're correct. It doesn't include point-of-sale. And the part of mobile payments that I think is very interesting is, as merchants and retailers are adding PayPal Mobile Express Checkout to their application or to their HTML 5 site, or even to a core website that gets pulled up into a mobile device,. Conversion is increasing because we know consumers don't like to enter in their credit card information to a phone. And they see that PayPal Express Checkout button on a phone, and we're getting higher share of checkout and higher conversion for those retailers, and they're noticing. And that's what's involved in the $7 billion. Point-of-sale, the real goal for point-of-sale, I liken this back to what we've done in Merchant Services, where last year was the year of planning and beginning to build the product, this year is a year of learning and adjusting and next year is the year of scaling. And so this year, I look to us to get a product rolled out to retailers, to get early consumer adoption and to get a product that can be rolled out to every vertical around the world, so that we can build another business at point-of-sale like being built in the Merchant Services environment.
Robert H. Swan: And, Heath, the only -- just to add in onto John's comments. In terms of our 3-year outlook, we raised the midpoint of the PayPal guidance for 2013 by $250 million. I would say that's primarily based on our confidence and comfort with the core business and Bill Me Later. We're still looking at -- inherent in that guidance is a relatively immaterial portion of TPV from our point-of-sale effort. So it's not a -- we're still going to wait and see in terms of what that could mean for the overall business. It's not a big part of the $6.5 billion to $7 billion business in 2013. On your second question, just cross-border trade, again, just to remind you, the cross-border is a significant component of both the Marketplaces and the PayPal business, representing almost 20% of Marketplaces and approximately 25% of PayPal. So we continue to get better and better about managing cross-border and our community of users, both buyers and sellers, leverage our platforms to access -- to take their goods into global developed economies so it's a significant portion of our business. That being said, there is still opportunities for us to get better and better about enabling the great deals from weaker currency markets for access to consumers from stronger currency markets. And that -- and I'd characterize, while we've made a progress, that still is an opportunity for us to get better and better, and we'll be working on that in both of the businesses in 2012.
Operator: Our next question in queue comes from Tom Forte of Telsey Group.
Thomas Forte - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: So 2 questions. First, on a consumer standpoint. It looks like in the fourth quarter the free shipping promotions are becoming standard fare. What are you doing to motivate your sellers to offer free shipping more often? And then how is that possibly affecting results? And then second, on the GSI Commerce and Marketplace integration, you talked about adding the additional GSI Commerce clients to Marketplace. Can you talk about the satisfaction of existing GSI Commerce clients who've been on for 1 or 2 quarters?
John J. Donahoe: Yes. Tom, let me -- I'll take the first; and, Bob, why don't you take the second? On free shipping, it's quite clear that for retail-like transactions, consumer expectations are growing. They want price transparency and free shipping. And as a Marketplace manager, we want to encourage our sellers to provide that. And so earlier this year, we changed our pricing in the U.S. in a way that would take rate neutral but incented sellers to be very transparent about pricing and shipping costs and wherever possible to offer free shipping. And the results are clear. As I said earlier, that the number of items that have free shipping on the eBay business in the U.S. was up significantly over the year, which is meeting those consumer needs. I know there's been lots of questions about what was the impact of that on your financials. Let me say it was immaterial globally and accounted for roughly 1%, less than 1%, growth of the growth in the U.S. So it's the right thing to do. Our sellers are responding and we think consumers are responding to that.
Robert H. Swan: Tom, on your second question, we continue to bring on GSI clients on the eBay platform. I think we and they are very excited about the prospects of getting access to 100 million users around the globe, number one. Number two, primarily today, we're giving them access to our U.S. consumers, which is half of that, and we continue to work with them to try to expose their inventory to our global markets. And number three, we still have some work to do on the technology and the features to enable them to make it very easy to serve up their inventory on the eBay platforms. So I'd say we're working together to ensure it's simple and easy to put their inventory on eBay Marketplace. And we're making sure that we get it right before we rapidly expand additional large merchants on the platform. So, so far, good, but we can get a lot better on this.
John J. Donahoe: And I think we'll have some -- over the next 60 to 90 days, we're going to have some nice examples of trying new things with well-known brands and retailers that continue to learn together.
Operator: The next question in queue comes from Youssef Squali with Jefferies and Company.
Youssef H. Squali - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions, please. Bob, Q1 outlook implies revenue growth of 20% to 24%. Normalized EPS of about 7% to 9%. Can you maybe speak to the larger discrepancy of the growth rates in this period versus prior periods? I think you talked about seasonality, increased investment. Maybe you can just flesh out the increased investment part. Also, is taxes also part of that? And, John, can you maybe please help us understand the steps you're taking to counter the departure of some PayPal and the depth of the management venture there. We've seen some defections to Google last year and then Scott to Yahoo recently.
Robert H. Swan: Youssef, on the first question, just full year relative to Q1, revenue and in particular, organic growth rate, is roughly the same so no dramatic differences Q1 versus full year. Secondly, operating margins will be lower in the first quarter versus the full year, and it's primarily driven by 2 things. First, GSI, a much more seasonal business, lower volume and, therefore, lower margins in the first quarter. And it wasn't part of the portfolio on last year, so that will have an impact. Secondly, we will be increasing our investments earlier in the year this year, to ensure that additional feature and functionality across all 3 platforms is ready before we go into the holiday season. So that's what's resulting in earnings growth, the gap between earnings growth and top line growth in the first quarter. That being said, again, I'll go back to kind of segment margins on a year-over-year basis. And what you can expect to see is PayPal continuing to improve, GSI continuing to improve and Marketplaces remaining relatively stable within that 32% to 42% range we gave you. We will be a more seasonal business than we have been historically with the addition of GSI. Just lastly, no dramatic change in tax rate on a year-over-year basis.
John J. Donahoe: And, Youssef, on the PayPal leadership team, let me -- I actually disagree with a couple of your characterizations fundamentally. Let me say 2 things upfront. One, Scott's departure was a surprise, but I wish Scott very, very well in his new role. What I am certain of is the PayPal business has never been stronger and the PayPal leadership team has never been stronger. If you look at that leadership team, we have attracted -- first of all, you step back, over the last 3 years, I've replaced 75 of the top 100 people in this company. We have rebuilt the leadership teams across all of our businesses, including PayPal. And we have attracted over the last 24 to 30 months a excellent team at PayPal. We have no problem attracting top talent. Let me give you 3 or 4 recent examples. Ranjana Clark joined us last year. She was a Senior Line Manager at Wachovia, Chief Operating Officer at Western Union. She's now running Marketing and Data Analytics at PayPal. Rupert Keeley built large parts of Visa in Asia, was the #2 guy of Asia. He's now running PayPal in Asia. Don Kingsborough is by all accounts, or in many accounts, the single best guy in the retail point-of-sale world having built the Blackhawk Network. We bought Zong. David Marcus is one of the best digital Mobile Payments guys in the industry, big innovator. He's now running all mobile commerce and payments. And so I've spent a lot of time with this PayPal leadership team over the last 2 weeks. And I can tell you that they feel enormous ownership over the PayPal vision, that they -- and they developed enormous commitment over the plans and they will not miss a beat. I feel better about that leadership team than at any time in our history. And so I think we have a strong defense there, and I look forward to strong execution by the PayPal team.
Operator: The next question in queue comes from Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I apologize, I only have one question, and it has to do with the Merchant Services growth. We've seen over the last 2 quarters year-over-year growth rates x FX closer to 30%, but you called out both quarters some unusual events, maybe unusual currency fluctuations and volatility in maybe lower ASPs. Would you comment on what you expect would be reasonable Merchant Services growth going forward? Are we at the new normal? Or are you calling out those factors to suggest that we could see a pick back up in that growth?
Robert H. Swan: Yes. Again, I'm going to take out APVs for a second because I think that's more a nature of the fourth quarter holiday season, and just let me isolate to cross-border trade. To refresh your memory, Europe is the biggest cross-border trade quarter from Asia and the U.S. for our business. And as I indicated earlier, cross-border is a big chunk of PayPal's growth. Secondly, when European currency gets weaker, it does impact, all else equal, it does impact cross-border trade. And likewise, when European currencies get stronger, all else equal, you see an acceleration in growth for the PayPal and for the Marketplace business, for that matter. So currencies does have an impact. All that being said, as we look forward to 2012 and 2013, the PayPal businesses are as strong as it's ever been. We're getting a more expanded global footprint on merchant sites, we're getting increased consumer share of checkout, we adding new features and functionality online and we're expanding our served market offline. And implied in the guidance we gave was that we're more confident on the growth rate of PayPal as we think about '12 and '13 than we were simply a year ago. So we -- currencies are going to move and it will impact the flow of goods for us, but the business is as healthy or healthier than it's ever been. And our prospects are -- we feel pretty good about it.
John J. Donahoe: So, Mark, since you only answered -- only asked one question, I'm going to take advantage of it and I'm going to get to ask your second question: "So, John, have you tried the new PayPal point-of-sale down at Home Depot?" John answering, "Yes, I went on the Home Depot in San Jose this morning. I left my wallet and my cell phone in my car. I walked into the Home Depot, and it was 1 of the 5 where we got this pilot going. I picked up a hammer and picked up a tape measure, which I had right in front of me, walked into the checkout lane. Without my wallet, without my mobile phone, on the terminal, I pressed pay with PayPal, I put in my mobile phone number and a PIN, and boom, I was done. The receipt eE-mailed to my e-mail account, texted to my mobile phone and I walked out. So it was a beautiful experience. And as I say, that's going to be available in 51 stores later this week. It's built into the existing hardware at these retailers. It's as fast or faster than swiping your card, doesn't require you to have your wallet or phone with you. By the way, for those that like to swipe, we'll have a PayPal card you can use. And so I'm very excited about this. I think, as I said, it's going to be a learning year. But for early trial in beta, it's a great experience, and frankly an experience no one else can match. The ability to check out with just your mobile phone number and PIN is real good, so I..."
Robert H. Swan: Great question, Mark.
John J. Donahoe: And by the way, I told my team I came back with a hammer and it's either now going to be used to begin meetings or it's my new people management tool.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Pitz of UBS.
Brian J. Pitz - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: John, I guess that's what they taught you over at Dane [ph] in terms of management there, with the hammer. But with that said, can you just give us some color on the success of larger merchants coming out your marketplace? Is there a specific type of retailer that's most attracted to the platform right now? And then second, regarding your comment on the 26% same-store sales growth among GSI clients, any color regarding the impact of discounting that may have been helpful in driving this growth?
John J. Donahoe: Yes. On larger retailers, here's what we're hearing. Bob and I and others are spending a lot of time with these large retailers, both GSI clients and others. And they want growth. And so increasingly, they're viewing eBay as an incremental distribution channel, one that reaches a new set of users. And so whether it's apparel or Consumer Electronics, if they can find a way to have eBay drive growth, either a post transaction or drive people into their stores for the use of eBay Mobile, RedLaser or Milo, that's the genesis of their interest. And so whether it's retailers like Neiman Marcus, it's brands that are looking at it. And so far, as Bob said earlier, we're in the learning. The other thing these retailers are looking for is growing globally, growing outside the U.S. And eBay is obviously -- almost 60% of our businesses outside the U.S. And so if they can reach customers outside the U.S. without having to build assets, that's attractive. Interestingly, Macy's came and Macy's saw that the euro -- the Australian dollar was very strong. The Australian consumers are very open to import and they're looking for brands. And Macy's opened up a store in eBay Australia. And so they're now reaching eBay-- they're now reaching consumers in Australia on the eBay platform, without having to have assets residence in the country. So that's the kind of opportunity, a need, these retailers have. And we're working hard to try to find ways to use the eBay platform to meet those needs, help them grow their business better.
Robert H. Swan: And, Brian, on the second question, I don't want to comment specifically about GSI clients, but I will say that on APVs during the holiday season, on both eBay and on PayPal, there was a degradation year-over-year in APVs or ASPs as merchants were competing earlier and more often for consumers' attention with great deals. So we clearly saw that on the eBay and the PayPal platform. And I think it's fair to say that GSI clients were promoting heavy to compete for consumers here in the U.S.
John J. Donahoe: So I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question then will come from Spencer Wang of Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two quick questions, my housekeepings are for Bob. Bob, in Marketplaces, the take rate was up year-over-year, even when we adjusted that onetime item in the fourth quarter of 2010. Is there anything going on there beside just mix of GMV and a higher mix of fixed price? And then secondly, within payments, the transaction loss ratio ticked up again a little bit year-over-year. I know you cited new products. Could you just elaborate a little bit on what's going on there?
Robert H. Swan: First, on the take rate, as you know, we've been moving to less upfront fee, more back-end fee, where our interests are aligned with our sellers' interest. You also noticed sold items increased so sold item growth increased. And when that happens, all else equal, we had a modest increase in take rate. Secondly, good growth at StubHub. And StubHub, as you know, has a higher take rate. So the combination of those 2 resulted in a slightly higher take rate kind of year-on-year and sequentially. In terms of PayPal, Spencer, it's the same story. You saw some -- it's obviously up year-on-year. Sequentially, it's down a little bit, and that's the nature of us -- trial and error with our risk models to ensure we're accepting the right volume in a efficient way. And as you know, whenever we get better and better with the risk models, we open up the spicket to take on more risk, in a real effective way, to help drive profitable growth. So I think you saw spikes during the course of the year as we tried new things. And sequentially, you see it coming down a little bit. We'll continue to leverage our risk models and capabilities to get that right kind of trade-off continuously.
John J. Donahoe: Okay. Thank you, everybody. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John J. Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President, Interim President of eBay Marketplaces and Director Jennifer Ceran -  Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Jennifer Cerran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Jennifer Ceran: Thank you, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2011.  Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All gross rates mentioned in Bob and John's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise.  This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on the current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the quarter and full year 2011 and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses.  Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, global economic events; changes in political, business and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuation; our ability to integrate, manage and grow businesses recently acquired or that may be acquired in the future, including GSI; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users, particularly in more established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturities; and our need to manage regulatory tax, IT and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later and the financial industry; and our need to timely upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable cost or adding new products and features and maintaining site stability and performance.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of October 19, 2011, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information.  With that, let me turn the call over to John
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Jenny. And good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q3 earnings call. Q3 was another strong quarter for our company. eBay, PayPal and GSI all performed well, and we see significant global growth opportunities and synergies across our portfolio. Before taking a look at our results, I want to take a moment to recap our strategy.  Our company is focused on enabling commerce. This means giving consumers a seamless shopping experience across multiple channels, whether they're shopping online, offline or on a mobile device. Consumers want to shop anytime, anywhere. And this requires retailers of all sizes use the ability to engage consumers where, when and how they want to shop.  In today's commerce environment, a physical retail store is just another point of access. Location alone can't compete when consumers have shopping malls in their pockets. Retail must be technology-enabled and consumer-led.  Global technology platforms increasingly enable commerce, and we have powerful commerce platforms in our core eBay, PayPal and GSI businesses. We're also building valuable commerce capabilities in mobile, local and social. This includes technologies such as Milo, RedLaser and Zong.  And last week, we launched X.commerce, our open commerce ecosystem. X.commerce makes our technology and global platforms available to third-party developers, which we believe will accelerate commerce innovation. We believe that technology-led innovation is changing shopping and rapidly influencing customer behavior.  We are at an inflection point in global commerce. In fact, we believe we'll see more change in how people shop and pay over the next 3 years than we've seen in the last decade. And as we enter this new wave of global commerce innovation, I feel very good about our ability to compete, win and lead.  Now let's take a look at our results in Q3. We had a strong top line and bottom line quarter. Revenue grew 32% in Q3, and non-GAAP EPS was up 20%. PayPal continued to drive strong momentum, surpassing $1 billion in revenue for the second consecutive quarter. Marketplaces had a strong quarter, with 17% revenue growth supported by strong momentum in the U.S. market and solid growth internationally.  Q3 marked our first full quarter with GSI, and we're excited about the opportunities we have to serve large retailers and brands. Every retailer that I speak with around the world is grappling with change. They know they must adapt to the changing commerce environment, and we believe we can be a valuable partner to retailers with our combined GSI, PayPal and eBay capabilities.  Now let's take a look at the results from each business unit. PayPal had strong continued growth in active registered accounts, total payment volume and revenue. PayPal continues to add about 1 million new active registered accounts per month. Payment volume was up 29% in Q3 year-over-year.  In the Merchant Services business, FX-neutral TPV was up 33%. In North America, PayPal is now available on 63 of the top 100 Internet retailers, up from 56 last year. New merchants are offering -- new merchants offering PayPal include Target, J. Crew and Zara. And we see significant runway globally for continued growth of new merchants and consumer adoption. PayPal also continues momentum on eBay, with TPV up 18% for the quarter. Penetration on eBay accelerated nearly 2 points in Q3, exceeding 73%.  And Bill Me Later had another strong quarter. This business is driving strong incremental spend and engagement among eBay and PayPal shoppers. We feel very good about BML's traction and potential, and Bob will cover this business in more detail in his remarks.  In mobile payments, PayPal continued to accelerate, driving strong sales and new customer acquisition for merchants. We now expect mobile payment volume to exceed $3.5 billion this year, 5x the volume in 2010. And with acquisitions such as Zong and the expansion of Mobile Express Checkout, PayPal is driving innovation and customer convenience in the mobile arena.  At a recent top customer summit in September, PayPal unveiled new payment innovations designed to extend PayPal's capabilities to point of sale retail locations. This will give consumers better shopping experiences and more flexible payment choices. And for retailers, this will mean the opportunity not only to engage consumers at checkout, but also throughout their entire shopping experience.  In Q4, we expect to begin testing these innovations on a limited family and friends basis with a national retailer to U.S. markets. This will help us refine the consumer experience and prepare for the anticipated national rollout with this retailer and other partners in the second quarter of next year.  Meanwhile, we'll continue to share our vision and product innovations with other potential retail partners throughout the quarter. We're excited about our plans to deliver an entirely new payments experience for consumers and merchants and offline retail environments.  Turning to Marketplaces. eBay had another strong quarter. In the U.S., core GMV grew 14%, up year-over-year for the second consecutive quarter and in line with market rates of growth. eBay also continued solid growth internationally in Q3, led by the U.K., Australia and strong cross-border trade out of China, which was up 29%.  Our focus on improving the shopping experience is paying off. Top-rated sellers now account for 45% of GMV in the U.S., and same-store sales from these sellers grew 23% year-over-year in Q3, outpacing e-commerce growth. Items sold with free shipping on eBay grew 10 points year-over-year in Q3 to almost 40% in the U.S. More than 0.5 million items are shipped free each day on eBay in the U.S.  eBay's focus on creating tailored vertical shopping experiences in key categories continues to show strong results. For example, global GMV for eBay motors parts grew 23% year-over-year, gaining share and outpacing the market. eBay Fashion global GMV was up 18% year-over-year. In Q3, eBay Fashion outlet launched in the U.S. featuring top lifestyle brands and retailers such as Neiman Marcus' Last Call, Brooks Brothers and Timberland.  eBay Mobile is also driving great shopping experiences. We now expect eBay Mobile GMV to reach almost $5 billion for 2011, more than double Mobile GMV last year. Our mobile apps have been downloaded more than 50 million times. And today, consumers are making 3 purchases per second on eBay Mobile applications.  And with an improved eBay user experience, we're now investing in marketing in the U.S. again to engage consumers. Our campaign, "When it's on your mind, it's on eBay" launched in the U.S. in September and will continue throughout the holidays. Focused on 3 categories: fashion, electronics and motors parts, the campaign highlights the range of new merchandise available on eBay and the ease and convenience of eBay Mobile shopping.  Turning briefly to our adjacent marketplaces formats. Classifieds revenue was up 19% in Q3 on an FX-neutral basis, and StubHub had another strong quarter. GSI also had a strong quarter, and our integration efforts are well underway. Our RedLaser and Milo technologies have been integrated into the GSI platform, enabling shoppers to search local store inventory realtime and aid GSI merchants who are now selling on eBay.  In addition, we're significantly enhancing GSI's technology organization. Former PayPal CTO, Scott Guilfoyle, has transitioned to Head Technology at GTI (sic) [GSI], and we're focused on ensuring that GSI leverages eBay Inc.'s full capabilities and consistently provide world-class technology, support innovation to GSI customers.  In summary, we had a strong Q3. I feel very good about our continued progress in our eBay business. And with the appointment of Devin Wenig in Q3 as the new President of eBay Marketplaces, I'm confident that our momentum will continue. This business is now playing offense.  Meanwhile, PayPal continues to play offense and continues its strong momentum at the forefront of payments innovation. We feel very good about our GSI acquisition and the launch of X.commerce enables us to help developers accelerate innovation in global commerce and serve retail better.  Simply put, global commerce is at an inflection point, and our company is well positioned to lead innovation, to partner with retailers, not compete with them, and to enable consumers to shop anytime, anywhere.  And now, I'll turn it over to Bob, who'll provide more details on Q3 before we take questions.
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast.  Q3 was another strong quarter. From a growth perspective, we grew the top line 32% and showed strength across all of our businesses. From an execution perspective, operational excellence has increasingly become the way we work. We grew the bottom line 20%, while we invest in operating leverage and accelerating innovation and driving top line growth. From a capital allocation perspective, we generated over $500 million in free cash flow, and we've reinvested approximately $300 million to strengthen our portfolio with the acquisitions of Magento, Zong and The Gifts Project.  In the third quarter, our combined businesses generated net revenues of $3 billion, up 32%. Organic revenue growth was up 18%. Foreign currency movements increased growth by roughly 3 points and the inclusion of recently-closed acquisition increased growth by roughly 11 points.  Third quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.48, a 20% increase year-on-year. Solid top line growth drove this increase and our outperformance versus guidance. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25.3%, down 340 basis points from Q3 2010. This was due primarily to the inclusion of recently-completed acquisitions.  We generated strong free cash flow of $526 million in the quarter. CapEx came in at roughly 10% of revenue, 3 points higher than the year-ago quarter. The increase was due to investments in product and technology to enhance our platforms, as well as the addition of GSI. We expect CapEx to decline to historical levels in the fourth quarter.  Now let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal posted another great quarter. Revenue growth accelerated to 32%, the strongest revenue growth in 3 years. Total payment volume increased to $29.3 billion, up 31%. We continue to expand our global footprint. International TPV increased 46% and comprise 46% of overall TPV in the quarter.  A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics. On eBay, PayPal's TPV showed continued strength, accelerating 1 point to 18% on an FX-neutral basis. Penetration of addressable GMV increased 170 basis points sequentially to 73.1%.  Merchant Services' TPV grew 33% on an FX-neutral basis in the quarter and accounted for 66% of PayPal's overall TPV. We continue to expand our global footprint, our merchant coverage and our share of checkout. Transaction margin was 61.5% in the quarter, down 60 bps. The decrease was mainly driven by an increase in transaction loss, as we introduce new product and make strategic risk management decisions. We expect transaction loss to trend down modestly over time. PayPal segment margin was 19.5% in the quarter, up 20 basis points from last year.  Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later. BML's TPV was up 64%. More consumers are turning to BML for both convenience and choice, driven by continued strong penetration on and off eBay. BML penetration in the U.S. on eBay and in the PayPal wallet has quadrupled in the past year to over 1% in the quarter.  While small compared to other funding methods, this penetration reduces our funding cost as consumers shift away from credit cards to Bill Me Later. Risk-adjusted margins increased 650 bps over prior year to 18%, as improved portfolio performance drove net charge-offs down on a year-on-year basis.  Now let's move to our Marketplaces business. Overall, Marketplaces achieved net revenues of $1.7 billion, a 17% increase. Marketplaces' FX-neutral revenue was 12%. This was driven by solid FX-neutral non-vehicle GMV growth of 11% and marketing services revenue growth of 33%. Marketplaces generated 59% of its revenue internationally this quarter.  We had a great quarter from our Marketplaces adjacent formats, with marketing services revenue up 33%. The growth rate was primarily driven by strength in ad base revenue, continued strong performance across our global Classifieds businesses and the addition of brands4friends. Today, these adjacent formats represent 18% of Marketplaces' revenue, and they are growing roughly double market rates of growth.  A few quick highlights on Marketplaces' operational metrics in the quarter. Active users increased to 99 million, up 6%. Sold items grew 10%, a 2-point acceleration from Q2, driven by growth in our international business. Non-vehicles' FX neutral GMV was up 11% in the quarter. U.S. GMV remained flat at 14% growth, and international GMV accelerated 2 points to 10%.  Our global take rate, excluding vehicles and StubHub, was 8.3%, 10 bps lower than last year. Marketplaces' segment margin was 38.5% in the quarter, down 120 basis points from a year ago due primarily to recently-completed acquisitions.  Now let's turn to our newest business unit, GSI. Revenue for Q3 was $203 million, up 8%. Adjusting for the impact of the continued shift of clients to the service fee model, year-over-year growth would have been 20%. Global e-commerce merchandise sales or GMS grew at 18% on a comp store basis. This was driven by a strong performance in the beauty and apparel verticals. And in the quarter, we added 2 new e-commerce service clients. The GSI marketing services primarily in its demand gen activities were up 42% in the quarter.  Just a quick update on the GSI integration. GSI profitability is improving as we begin to capitalize on synergies. We are expanding ebay.com selection with 8 GSI merchants on eBay, and we are increasing PayPal's ubiquity, with over 80% coverage of GSI volume and 11% share of checkout.  We now expect to begin rolling out V11 in the first half of 2012. We have shifted our timing to further enhance the platform's functionality and deployed more robust testing capabilities. All in all, 3 months into the acquisition, we are making good progress integrating GSI into eBay's portfolio of businesses.  Turning to operating expenses. In Q3, they were 45% of revenues, slightly higher on a year-over-year basis. This was driven primarily by investment product and an increase in provision for transaction loan losses. In late Q3, we also launched our eBay advertising campaign in the U.S., which will continue into the fourth quarter.  From a capital allocation perspective, we generated strong year-to-date free cash flow of $1.6 billion, including $526 million in the third quarter. We have improved our financial flexibility by funding over 40% of the U.S. Bill Me Later loan receivables portfolio with our offshore cash. We've invested approximately $3.2 billion to strengthen our portfolio with the acquisition of GSI and 9 smaller technology acquisitions, including Magento, Zong and The Gifts Project in Q3.  We also completed our 2011 share repurchase program for the year. For the full year, we have repurchased 25.6 million shares for a total of $816 million, offsetting dilution from our 2011 stock-based compensation program.  We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $5.8 billion, including approximately $1.1 billion in cash in the U.S. In addition, last week, we completed the sale of our remaining 30% interest in Skype, generating $2.3 billion in proceeds.  Since we have invested $3.2 billion of your dollars in acquisitions year-to-date, I'd like to take a minute to put our M&A strategy in context for you.  As John mentioned, we see global commerce at an inflection point. In this new commerce environment, we feel very good about our portfolio and our capabilities, and we have been strategically investing capital to extend our capabilities.  We are focused on accelerating innovation, expanding our ability to partner with retailers of all sizes and deeply engaging consumers in all aspects of how they shop and pay. We're excited about each of the acquisitions we made, but we're even more excited about their collective capabilities.  With GSI, we've greatly expanded our ability to serve large retailers. With acquisitions such as Where and Zong, we've enhanced our technology capabilities to drive consumer engagement and mobile and local commerce. And with acquisitions such as Magento, we can more closely partner with developers and retailers to accelerate the rate of innovation.  Together, eBay, PayPal, GSI and X.commerce is an incredibly powerful set of technology and global commerce assets. Our M&A strategy will continue to focus on strengthening our portfolio and ensuring we are well positioned to lead in this changing environment.  Now let me turn to guidance. We are raising our full year revenue guidance to $11.5 billion to $11.6 billion and EPS to $1.98 to $2.01, up approximately $100 million and $0.01, respectively, on the top and bottom line.  Let me provide some context. First, we have been building good momentum across our portfolio throughout the year. Second, the trends that we've experienced have been relatively stable throughout the third quarter. We saw a modest deceleration in the U.S. and Germany but not significant as we exited the quarter. And our assumptions are for an okay holiday season. Third, the euro has strengthened in the past few weeks, and this has a big impact on our cross-border trade. We've assumed no dramatic swings in currencies for the remainder of the holiday season.  The implications for the fourth quarter, we now expect revenue of $3.2 billion to $3.35 billion, representing growth of 28% to 34%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.55 to $0.58, representing growth of 7% to 12%.  So for the year, we feel great about our progress so far. Since January, we've increased our guidance by roughly $1 billion on the top line and almost $0.07 on the bottom line. Our organic revenue growth has accelerated. M&A has strengthened our portfolio, and we expect to end the year with approximately $8 billion in cash and investments.  In summary, we had a strong Q3, with double-digit top and bottom line growth. We are executing our strategies with a sharp focus on operational excellence. And that's enabling us to deliver on our commitments while reinvesting our operating leverage and innovation and growth. Our core eBay business is healthy and getting stronger. Our adjacent formats also continue to perform at roughly 2x market rates growth.  PayPal has strong momentum and continues to gain share. And the integration of GSI is going well, and we're excited about the potential of this business. Across our portfolio, we're investing in growth and executing well against the 3-year strategies we laid out for you earlier this year.  And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gil Luria from Wedbush.
Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: It looks like one of the really interesting initiatives that you have is around bringing PayPal to the point of sale, but this is a very new endeavor for you. Could you talk a little bit about what the rollout strategy is going to be in terms of how much technology investment the retail is going to have to make at the point of sale? Are you going to need an army of salespeople to convert those point of sales? How are you going to price vis--vis the existing merchant acquirers? A little bit of a perspective there would be helpful. And if you could also tell us who that retailer you're going to pilot with in the fourth quarter, that would be interesting as well.
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Gil. Let me take that. This has really developed over the last year. We've had a number of offline retailers approach us at PayPal and say they really wanted to bring PayPal to the point of sale because they recognize PayPal was a unique, trusted payments partner for them that could bring great value at it. So our approach to this has been very similar to the approach we took to the Merchant Services business in PayPal 4 or 5 years ago, where we picked a small number of globally-known top tier retailers, and we're working to build a solution that is scalable and that works. And so we have been working with one retailer in particular, where as I said, we'll do what is, in essence, a friends and family pilot here in the fourth quarter. And then, we are working with a number of other retailers in the first -- I mean, the fourth quarter of this year so that in the first half of next year, we'll have a scalable technology that will be able to rollout to these national retailers. And the focus is very much on helping them drive incremental sales, which is the same thing that PayPal has done in the Merchant Services businesses. It's payments as a vehicle to help them get better information about their customers and support them throughout their payment flow. So the -- and it's not dependent. Just as we built Merchant Services so it wasn't dependent on any individual retailer-specific cart because an the airline cart is different than a apparel cart, which is different than a technology retailer's cart. We're building this point of sale so it's not dependent on any form factor. So it doesn't need mobile payments or if it is mobile payments, it doesn't need an STE [ph] or it can work on any device or any operating system. It can work with a card. It can work with hands-free. So this technology is built from the beginning so that it will be relatively easy to integrate for retailers. I don't believe we'll need an army of salespeople. We've got Don Kingsborough who built the Blackhawk Network, who's sort of almost a one-man army of sales and [ph] credible, established partner of retailers. And with respect to how we will monetize, we're going to establish that over the next 3 to 6 months. What we're not going to do is get into a press release force, which is there's a lot of press releases going on around mobile payments and offline payments right now. And we're going to try to get the steak ready before the sizzle. So the retailer will reveal who they are in the fourth quarter when they launch it, and we will, through the rest of the quarter, spend our time with retailers. And in the first half of next year, we'll talk more about it. The last thing I'll say, so I think this is an enormous opportunity for PayPal. It's a huge market and it's the next chapter of PayPal's playbook. But I also want to be clear that we're not taking our eye off the ball, that the numbers we gave you at our analyst day earlier this year, the 3-year growth rate, had no POS in them. And we -- you remember Scott stood up and talked about doubling PayPal's business with our core business as it is, with mobile and with credit. And we're still continuing to have 98% of our focus on delivering on that. And then the point-of-sale opportunity, which we think is enormous, we'll layer on top of that. So we're excited about it, but we're also focusing on building something that's going to be scalable and sustainable over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on Payments. Bob, could you explain that increase in loss rate that you saw during the quarter, in particular maybe a little bit more detail on the new products and strategic decisions that you referenced? And also, are you still comfortable with the 24% to 26% margin that you laid out for 2013?
Robert H. Swan: Yes, in terms of -- as you are familiar with how we manage the business, simply put, driving growth that we believe can generate greater than 60% trends, max [ph] your margins over time. And that's dependent on 3 variables: what we charge, our take rate; what were charged, our transaction expense; and then how we manage risks and that's our losses. In Q2 and in Q3, we've made some decisions, as we always do, as we fine tune our fraud models. And we drive losses down over time. We increase our protections. And by increasing protections, we improve the experience and drive more growth. And in the short term, the effect is it increases our fraud losses. We began that back in the second quarter. Our fraud losses went up in Q2 and Q3. And net-net, it drives more growth for us and we feel good about those kind of trade-offs. In terms of new products and I'll particularly highlight anytime we introduce a new feature or functionality that our fraud models are not familiar with, we learn. We rapidly innovate around the fraud management, and we drive those losses down over time. Example would be mobile. The mobile is a new app for us. It's growing like crazy. The newness of it requires our engines to become familiar with where those consumers are coming from and how we drive losses down over time. So we've seen from new products and decisions we've made to drive better experiences, losses come up in the last couple of quarters. And as I indicated in the prepared remarks, our expectations of those losses will trend down in Q4 going forward, as we get smarter about this new volume we're contending with.
John J. Donahoe: And Doug, it's John. I may just build on that. In a funny way I consider this loss performance in Q3 a good thing because I think it continues to extend PayPal's competitive advantage. There's a lot of talk about mobile payments right now, but mobile payments is a fundamentally risky thing. And PayPal has the best risk models in the world. It's now -- we're now learning based on $3.5 billion of real volume. Our risk models are rapidly learning how to underwrite mobile payments. And we're confident that we're going to be able to provide a great mobile payments solution at very competitive, industry-leading loss performance and that others are going to face those challenges behind us with a lot less experience. And so this is one -- this is the kind of learning that we love to have because we think it extends our competitive position and competitively.
Robert H. Swan: And Doug just to the second component of your question. Yes, we laid out our operating margin expansion for PayPal by 2013 to 24% to 26%. And we are confident that Q3 to Q4 this year, as always, we'll see PayPal segment margins expand. And we will be on our way to generate 24% to 26% segment margins for PayPal in 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian from RW Baird.
Colin A. Sebastian - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess, first following up on Doug's question on the loss rate. I wonder how much of that calculation is based on perhaps using Bill Me Later proactively to drive a more favorable share of PayPal and bank account transactions and whether you're seeing any shift in the funding mix overall. And then the follow up would be related to your comments about Q3 trends at the end of the quarter. It sounds like you're not seeing an immediate impact from the new advertising campaign. So I guess, my question would be what gives you comfort on raising the revenue guidance range for the quarter?
Robert H. Swan: On the losses, not the Bill Me Later impact. Net charge-offs came down year-on-year. So while net charge-offs are higher than the transaction losses in the core PayPal business, they did come down year-on-year, and it's just not big enough to move the needle in any meaningful way. So it's not having a big impact. In terms of funding mix shifts, as Bill Me Later grows, it is a lower cost funding source in the wallet. And in turn that drives down our processing cost and therefore, drives up our transaction margins. You've seen a little bit of improvement in that over the past couple of quarters. And in Q4, remember Durbin goes into effect on October 1, so the core PayPal business we expect that to come down in Q4.
John J. Donahoe: And then with respect to what gives us confidence in raising guidance in Q3 coming out -- or Q4 coming out of Q3. As Bob said, we saw relative stability coming out of Q3 and into Q4. And I don't think we have a crystal ball about what's going to happen with the economy or what's going to happen with exchange rates. But based on what we see, our planning assumption is a thought set of an okay to solid holiday season. And so that's what we're planning for and that's what we're going to pursue. Lastly, you mentioned eBay advertising. I can't resist. I don't know about you but I love those ads. And the qualitative feedback today has been quite positive. They're clearly cutting through. And they're cutting through the message that we really need to cut through with eBay, which is new merchandise, a new eBay experience. And it's too early to tell although how the material impact on the business. But frankly, they're brand investments that are part of what you all have been asking me about for 2 years now, which is when are we going to begin telling our story to consumers again about the new eBay. And this is really the launch of that. So it's geared to help rebuild our brand and rebuild user growth over the next 3 to 6 to 9 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Nemer from Wells Fargo.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on the marketing campaign. How will you measure success of that campaign in the short term? And can you see any effect on that in terms of either desktop or mobile traffic? And then as a follow-up, I'm just wondering if you can give us any update on the test that you are doing in fulfillments for retail customers?
John J. Donahoe: Well, on the marketing campaign, any time you do a TV brand campaign or an integrated brand campaign, the ultimate goal obviously is to grow your business overtime. But the way we're measuring it is: one, what is brand perception, what's the awareness and unaided brand perception of eBay among consumers; second, obviously, we hope that generates incremental users and traffic, which will in turn generate incremental business. And so the time frame, however, we're looking at it is not just within the quarter. Do I hope it has benefit in the quarter? Yes, I hope it's benefit in the quarter. But the time frame and the way that program was designed was to change the perception and reputation of eBay and make people understand that the new eBay user experience, the new eBay inventory is here. And as I've said earlier, the early feedback has been quite positive on that. On the fulfillment test results...
Robert H. Swan: I think on fulfillment, I mean, obviously with the acquisition of GSI, we play a critical role in enabling our merchants and retailers to get their product to their consumers, either from a warehouse or directly from the store. It's a core competency of the GSI team, and I think this is a competitive advantage that they have. I think, along the way, one of the questions we got, and this maybe what Matt, what triggers your question is, are you going to begin to do fulfillment for smaller sellers within GSI's infrastructure? And our answer on that is that's not our top priority. Our focus is fulfilling GSI's clients' needs with our warehouses and enabling sellers on the eBay platform to connect with their buyers in more efficient ways, but not necessarily in doing fulfillment tests.
John J. Donahoe: One of the interesting things is we mentioned earlier that top-rated sellers represent almost 45% of the GMV on the U.S. site now, U.S. eBay site. And most of our top-rated sellers are reasonably sized businesspeople, and they're not looking for fulfillment support. They actually feel like they've got their fulfillment capabilities and shipping abilities up to retail standard. So it's not a loud crying need we feel with the fastest-growing segment of the eBay seller base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spencer Wang from Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I first want to just go back to the use of cash and M&A strategy, for either John or Bob. Do you guys feel like you have all the pieces in place you need now for the X.commerce platform or the operating system for commerce strategy? And how prominently do you think M&A will figure into the capital allocation plans from here? And then my second question is on mobile payments. I was wondering if you can give us a sense of how mobile users are using PayPal. Is mobile a channel for incremental PayPal users? And is there any sort of difference in terms of source of funds with the traditional business? I'm thinking maybe PayPal balances would be a bigger percent of the total.
Robert H. Swan: I'll grab the first one and John the second. First on just the overall use of cash, in our philosophy, no dramatic change. To remind you, our bias is a conservative balance sheet so we have the inherent flexibility to grow our loan portfolio to expand through M&A and return cash to shareholders through a share repurchase program that offsets dilution. So at the macro level, no change. In terms of strategic M&A to enable X.commerce, I mean, obviously the Magento acquisition that we just completed this quarter is a key component of our X.com platform. Going forward, will there be smaller acquisitions to add in X.commerce? Very possibly. But I would say our focus right now is how do we enable and turbocharge developers to come up with new ways to innovate and let them use the X.commerce fabric itself rather than us necessarily having to own all those capabilities.
John J. Donahoe: And Spencer, on the PayPal Mobile, what's interesting is when we survey consumers on why they use PayPal Mobile, it's like almost a brand advertising that we hear back. They say it's safe and convenient. And safe, they don't feel comfortable entering their credit card information to a mobile phone. And they're concerned that somehow it will get stolen or intercepted at the airwaves. People have all sorts of fears. And then convenience, you don't need your physical wallet with you. You just -- wherever you are, whether you're sitting on a couch, whether you're standing in line at a coffee shop or whether you're in a retail store, one click and you can check it on your mobile device with PayPal. And we're seeing it in -- on eBay. We're seeing it increasingly with Mobile Express Checkout. Retailers are finding when they put Mobile Express Checkout, they're getting a much higher conversion of their mobile sales. So and funding mix, your question. We don't see really any particular shift or change in funding mix one way or another. That's not a factor in the consumer's choice to use PayPal Mobile.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt from Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two, please. The first one, John, on the large merchant initiative on eBay. I was just wondering if you can quantify the success that you've had there, either maybe in terms of the increasing large merchants SKUs on the site or change in GMV mix between SMB and large branded retailers in the last few quarters. And then secondly, Bob, you mentioned in the Q4 guide, the cross-border. And keeping that in mind in terms of wild swings in currency and you certainly have those in third quarter, so I was wondering if you could tell us if there's any noticeable change in cross-border mix in the third quarter.
John J. Donahoe: Scott, on the large merchant initiative, I would characterize us in the learning phase, where we're bringing large merchants on to eBay and we're able to bring large merchants on to eBay. And we're still learning how to really drive powerful incremental volume for them. And so we had -- an example, in the third quarter, we had a nice promotion with Coach, a luxury brand. And we were able to drive through a combination of, in essence, a flash sale and some other things, some nice incremental volume. We've added Neiman Marcus Last Call, as I mentioned earlier, in our fashion outlet. And we're making working with the Neiman team to really optimize how we take advantage of the 100 million active eBay consumers to drive incremental volume. So I feel good about steady progress on that. I feel good about our ability to sign additional merchants. But I don't -- we're not yet really ready to quantify it other than to say we feel a strong need. We're making a good steady progress, and we want to hit some singles and doubles before we start swinging for the fences.
Robert H. Swan: Scott, on the second question, first, we feel, both at PayPal and eBay, we are uniquely advantaged to capitalize on cross-border trade. It's almost 20% of the business between the 2 business units, so it's a big part of what we do. As currencies move, the buying power in a particular market changes and our cross-border business is usually affected rather quickly. What we saw happen in the third quarter was as the euro weakened throughout the quarter, the cross-border demand from European consumers for product out of greater Asia or out of the U.S. dropped almost -- dropped in line with the value of the European currency. So it was a -- it negatively impacted our growth rates in the third quarter. Obviously, the euro has rebounded quite a bit in the last 10 to 15 days. And our guidance for fourth quarter, we're assuming that the euro -- for translation purposes, as you know, we hedge. So that's not what we're worried about. We're more worried within the quarter about cross-border flows. With the euro strengthening, that headwind that we experienced at the end of the third quarter, we're not anticipating in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Schachter from Macquarie.
Benjamin A. Schachter - Macquarie Research: A couple of mobile questions here. How do you figure out if mobile sales are really incremental or just cannibalistic? And then on tablets specifically, obviously, you've had a lot of success on the iPad. You did a great form factor particularly for e-commerce. Do you expect the same positive momentum on a lower-cost tablet coming from Amazon? Or are there concerns that Amazon itself will try to use that tablet in some way to funnel users more directly to their site?
John J. Donahoe: Ben, I'm glad you asked this question because I think our perspective on this from the beginning has actually been one of the factors for our success. And the simple truth is we haven't worried about whether it's incremental. Because from the beginning, we recognized that consumers simply view a mobile device as another screen. And they want to use that screen interchangeably with their desktop, their laptop, mobile device, tablet, increasingly TV. And actually as we talked recently also going into a retail store, and we find a large number of consumers use more than one screen in a given shopping experience. They may do research on one screen. They may be identifying the exact product they want on a different screen. They may actually buy it in a store on a screen. They may pay for it on a different screen. And so we do believe our mobile sales are partially incremental, but we've not spent a lot of time on trying to measure that. We spent more time on absolutely trying to drive very aggressive innovation on mobile on all fronts. Even if it's cannibalistic, it's value-enhancing to the consumer. We do know that the consumers that use mobile devices are more than twice as engaged as those that don't. And then with respect to tablets, I think it's really important, on the Amazon part, to separate digital goods from physical goods. We don't really sell digital goods, the primary digital goods market. And Apple and Amazon and others sell those. And that's where the tablet is a closed system. The sale of physical goods, whether it's the Apple iPad or I believe the Amazon tablet over time, consumers want choice. Consumers want seamlessness across their devices, if you will, their screens. And so we hope, believe and anticipate that, that choice will be available and the consumers will demand that over time. So we won't control that, but we're going to continue to drive what is, in essence, a seamless multiscreen shopping experience and increasingly, online and offline seamless multichannel shopping experience.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post from Bank of America.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you talk about the U.S. GMV? I think it grew 14%, which was flat from last quarter. It looks like you've got a lot of large sellers joining the platform and some of the GSI integrations working, also the marketing program. Can that stay at that level as you look out? Do you think you could continue to grow with the market as you look out to the fourth quarter or next year even in the face of tougher comps? Maybe just give us an update on your market share expectations.
Robert H. Swan: Yes. First, clearly our expectations are to continue to grow in line with or faster than market rates growth with a variety of different formats that we used to connect buyers and sellers. On U.S. GMV, we've had tremendous momentum here over the last 6 months. Going into fourth quarter, I think, the market rates of growth, I guess, my expectation would be given tougher comps at market rates growth, will likely slow here in the fourth quarter, my crystal ball. I don't know, but the expectation is that market rates will slow. In our guidance, we've put in where we see our internal trends in light of the market over the course of the last 6 months, 6 weeks and 6 days and gave you our best view about what is that we think we can do, which is $100 million better revenue over the second half of the year than where we were just 3 months ago.
John J. Donahoe: And Jeff, the other thing I'd add is that as we look into 2012, our focus will continue to be looking at our global business as a portfolio. And we'll have -- we feel very good about the trend in our global business. The global commerce businesses, it's growing. And individual markets may go up or down along the way. The U.K. grew faster than the market last year and sustained that this year. We're delighted that the progress in U.S. this year, and we hope and believe it will extend into next year. But what we're confident, where we're most confident is that the global portfolio we will continue to improve our growth relative to the market.
Operator: And our final question for today comes from Mark Mahaney from Citi.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I want to get real specific on Merchant Services and FX-neutral year-over-year growth. I don't want to over extrapolate from a quarter but that 33% growth year-over-year, it was a bit of an outlier if you look at the last 2 years. Is there anything that makes you think -- and I know these results can be lumpy in the quarter. But is there anything that makes you think that, that isn't the negative inflection point? Any color around that would be really helpful.
Robert H. Swan: Yes, Mark, I think a couple of things. One, last year in the second and third quarter of 2010 is when PayPal growth, Merchant Services in particular, really began to accelerate. So first point I would make is that the comps are a little bit tougher. Secondly, 33% growth is roughly in line with what our expectations were, so we feel pretty good about Merchant Services growth here domestically and it's continued strength outside the U.S. The third point, which is an important point that I referenced to earlier, Merchant Services out of Asia, that cross-border trade business is impacted quite a bit by the strength in European currencies. And we saw a fairly significant drop from Q2 through to September of the growth rate of Merchant Services volume going to Europe, and that's the way it works. When euro gets weaker, demand for PayPal merchants coming out of Greater China immediately changes. In this case, it immediately went south. And as European gets stronger relative to -- for the most part U.S. dollar-denominated currencies, all else equal, PayPal Merchant Services on Asia grows. September was a tough month. As the euro weakened, demand out of Asia slowed dramatically, and it did impact Merchant Services' growth. Going into the fourth quarter, 33% top line growth, nice global business; 66% of our overall TPV coming out of Merchant Services with a nice global footprint and getting bigger. We feel pretty good about the prospects.
John J. Donahoe: All right. Thanks, everyone. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program for today. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Jenny Cerran -  John Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President, Interim President of eBay Marketplaces and Director
Analysts: Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Shawn Milne - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc. Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Jennifer Cerran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Jenny Cerran: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2011. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures when talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the third quarter and full year 2011 and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: global economic events, including sovereign debt uncertainties; changes in political, business and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; our ability to integrate, manage and grow businesses recently acquired or that may be acquired in the future, including GSI; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users, particularly in more established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity; our need to manage regulatory, tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later and the financial industry; and our need to timely upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable cost, while adding products and features and maintaining site stability and performance. You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent will report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information on this presentation is as of July 20, 2011, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe: Thanks, Jenny, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q2 earnings call. Q2 was a strong quarter for eBay. We generated strong financial results and strengthened our portfolio. I want to start out today by taking a moment to recap our growth strategy. We intend to compete and lead in the new retail, global environment that we see emerging. Technology-driven innovation is changing how consumers shop and pay. And these changes are blending online and offline into a new global commerce landscape.  In this new retail world, consumers expect a seamless experience across multiple channels, whether it's a physical store, a mobile phone, a laptop or any Internet-connected device. In this new world, physical stores will become just another point of access and location alone is no longer a sufficient competitive advantage.  The advantage is the ability to connect with consumers anytime, anywhere. And in this new environment, retailers of all sizes are seeking new competencies and capabilities. They are looking for partners who will provide flexible global platforms and technology-driven innovation that deliver consumer access, insight and engagement.  We aim to be such a partner, enabling the future of commerce. We're a different eBay today, a global commerce company. We enable consumers to get what they want, when they want, how they want it. And we enable merchants of all sizes to compete in this new commerce environment, and we won't compete with them.  We're delivering on our commitment to taking bold steps. Simply put, we're playing offense. And I feel good about our performance, our momentum and our opportunities.  Now let's talk about our results. We had a strong quarter. Our revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share exceeded the top end of our guidance with revenue growing 25% in Q2 and non-GAAP earnings up 20%. PayPal continued to deliver strong momentum, hitting 2 milestones: achieving its first $1 billion quarter in revenue; and surpassing 100 million active registered users. And Marketplace has had a strong quarter as well with 19% revenue growth and a significant acceleration of growth in the U.S. market. We also announced a number of acquisitions in Q2, adding technology capabilities in important areas such as platform services, local commerce and mobile payments. And GSI is now our third of business unit, which significant expands our capabilities and relationships with large merchants and brands.  Now let's take a look at the results for each business unit. PayPal has over 100 million active users and serves 9 million merchants worldwide. This provides a powerful foundation for attractive, sustainable growth. PayPal's Merchant Services business continued its strong growth momentum in all regions of the world. This business, which now accounts for over 2/3 of PayPal's total payment volume, grew 37% in Q2 and we see significant runway for continued strong growth.  PayPal's PPP growth on eBay accelerated 4 points in Q2 and penetration topped 71%. And Bill Me Later had another strong quarter. In fact, Bob will cover more about Bill Me Later's business in more detail in his remarks, but this business has strong traction both on and off eBay.  PayPal Mobile also continues to accelerate. While others talk about the promise of mobile payments, PayPal is delivering. An estimated 8 million people are now using PayPal Mobile and we expect mobile payment volume to exceed $3 billion this year. That's more than 4x the volume we did in 2010. This growth is being driven by the fact that PayPal Mobile is driving strong sale and new customer acquisition for merchants.  For example, Crutchfield, the North American online consumer electronics retailer, recently saw conversion jump almost 34% during a 2-week period in April for its customers who were using PayPal Mobile. And since Crutchfield added PayPal last December, 65% of customers using PayPal Mobile are new to the company.  In Q2, the U.K. restaurant chain, PizzaExpress, also embraced PayPal Mobile as an in-store payment option across its 370 outlets. Customers can now pay their checks right from the table using their iPhones. This is the kind of innovation PayPal is delivering merchants and consumers today: Real applications, real sales, real customers.  Now several of our recent acquisitions strengthened PayPal's mobile and digital goods portfolio by combining Where's capabilities with PayPal Mobile, we'll help make local commerce a reality. Consumers will have a fast, safe way to pay on the spot with coupons and discounts integrated directly into their PayPal account. And we believe that Zong, which has direct carrier billing relationships with more than 250 mobile network operators around the world, will help us strengthen our leadership position in mobile payments and digital goods.  With our strong position and growth momentum in online payments, we plan to extend PayPal's capability to point of sale locations. We intend to help retailers grow their businesses offline in the same way we help merchants grow online around the world. By the end of this year, we expect PayPal to be testing point-of-sale innovation with a major U.S. retailer. And during 2012, we expect to be rolling out new point-of-sale experiences with up to 20 national retailers. So stay tuned.  Turning to Marketplaces, we're making great progress. Our U.S. business demonstrated significant momentum in Q2 as core GMV accelerated 4 points to a 40% growth rate. We now believe that our U.S. business is growing in line with market growth rates.  In Europe, eBay's business remains strong and stable overall. Growth in the U.K. continues to outpace that market. And in Asia-Pacific, we saw the business stabilize in Q2 driven by increased traffic to our Korean business and strong growth in cross-border trade. eBay is delivering a better shopping experience and buyers are happier and our most trusted sellers are winning.  Search improvements such as the removal of duplicate listings are making it easier for buyers to find what they want on eBay. And trusted sellers now account for 38% of GMV in our 3 largest markets and same-store sales for these sellers grew 22% year-over-year, continuing to outpace e-commerce.  And we're continuing to innovate. For example, in the eBay Garden, we're currently testing a new search preview experience that eliminates the need to jump back and forth between search and item listings pages, making shopping easier.  Mobile commerce also continues to drive strong growth. Our eBay mobile apps have been downloaded more than 45 million times. In Q2, the eBay Motors app launched as one of the top 10 free lifestyle apps in the iTunes' App Store. And now, more than 2,000 cars and 70,000 auto parts are sold on eBay's mobile platforms each week.  Overall, we're on track to more than double eBay's Mobile GMV to over $4 billion in 2011. We're also continuing to innovate mobile commerce. In Q2, we unveiled Milo's new product called Fetch, which allows small- and medium-sized retailers to upload their local inventory and automatically share it realtime on eBay. And we're also testing a local shopping tab on eBay search results, showing buyers the availability of items at stores in their local area in addition to eBay listings.  Turning briefly to our adjacent formats. Classifieds is up 18% in Q2 on an FX neutral basis, and StubHub had another strong quarter with revenue and ticket sales up double digits year-over-year, driven primarily by Major League Baseball and concerts.  Before closing, let me add how excited we are about GSI and the opportunities this acquisition creates. I've had the pleasure of meeting with many of GSI's top customers over the last several weeks, and I can tell you they are excited about their growth potential online with GSI and the additional value that eBay brings to the table. All of my conversations reinforced what we already believed: Retailers need partners who will help them compete, innovate and grow in a multichannel commerce environment. And we're well positioned to help.  In summary, we had a strong Q2 and first half of the year. Our core businesses are strong and getting stronger, and we're adding to our portfolio. Our opportunities have expanded and we feel well positioned, if not uniquely positioned, to capitalize on this potential. That said, we know that this success is all about execution.  Earlier this year, we laid out our 3-year plan to become a $15 billion company in 2013. Six months into that plan, we've delivered 2 strong quarters and our outlook for 2011 says we're well on our way. We feel more confident than ever about our opportunities and our competitive position.  With that, I'll turn it over to Bob, who will provide more details on Q2 and our outlook before we take questions.
Robert Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless I clarify otherwise.  As John said, earlier this year we shared with you our 3-year plans including a framework for growth, a framework for execution and a framework for capital allocation. We said these plans would enable us to generate approximately $15 billion in revenue, approximately 14% EPS CAGR and cumulative free cash flows of $8.5 billion through 2013.  Our first half results reflect a strong start to our 3-year journey, and we are increasingly confident in hitting our long-term goals. In summary, we exceeded our Q2 guidance on the top and bottom line. From a growth perspective, we grew the top line 25% with contributions from our core businesses, our adjacent formats and our seeds.  Our core businesses generated solid growth with non-vehicles GMV of 17% and PayPal TPV of 34%. Our adjacent formats grew 45% with strong organic growth from classifieds and advertising, and inorganic growth from the acquisition of brands4friends, which closed in Q1 and where.com, which closed in Q2.  Our seeds, such as credit, mobile and PayPal digital, had high double digit and triple digit volume growth rates. These investments will help drive our future growth.  From an execution perspective, operational excellence has increasingly become the way we work, and we are reinvesting in operating leverage and accelerating innovation and driving top line growth. From a capital allocation perspective, we continue to strengthen our portfolio, closing 6 acquisitions during the quarter, including GSI Commerce and announcing our agreements to acquire Magento and Zong. We repurchased approximately 13.6 million shares and expect to receive $2.3 billion for our minority stake in Skype upon closing. We're very pleased with our progress for the first half of the year and we're raising our full year guidance to reflect this strong momentum.  In the second quarter, our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.8 billion, up 25%. Organic revenue growth was up 18%, foreign currency movements increased growth by roughly 4 points and the inclusion of recently closed acquisition increased growth by roughly 3 points.  Second quarter non-GAAP EPS is $0.48, a 20% increase year-on-year. The increase in the outperformance versus guidance were primarily due to solid top line growth and productivity. Non-GAAP operating margin was 27.6%, down 150 basis points from Q2 2010 due primarily to the inclusion of recently completed acquisitions.  We generated strong free cash flow of $543 million in the quarter despite the negative impact of a onetime tax payment related to a prior period tax settlement. Return on invested capital was 25.3%, a slight decline due to the acquisition of GSI.  Now let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal posted another great quarter, achieving the strongest revenue growth in the past 3 years. Total payments revenue was $1.1 billion, representing growth of 31% and total payment volume increased to $28.7 billion, up 34%. We continue to expand our global footprint as international TPV increased 31% year-on-year and made up 45% of PayPal's TPV in the quarter.  A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics. Merchant Services TPV grew 37% on an FX neutral basis in the quarter as we continue to expand our global footprint, merchant coverage and share of checkout. Merchant services TPV accounted for 66% of PayPal's TPV.  On eBay, PayPal TPV showed continued strength, increasing 17% year-on-year on an FX neutral basis. Penetration of addressable GMV increased 60 basis points sequentially to 71.4% with penetration increases in Germany, the U.S. and Australia.  In terms of the transaction margin components, we've made a few changes to better reflect the growing importance of credit and other revenues to the PayPal wallet. Primarily take rate is based on total revenue, while transaction expense and losses include the full impact of Bill Me Later. Based on these changes, the new transaction margin was 63.6% in the quarter, up 60 basis points year-on-year, essentially the same as it would have been with the old definition of transaction margin.  PayPal segment margin was 21.9%, up 200 basis points from last year, trending towards the 24% to 26% target we set for PayPal margins in 2013. Margin performance was driven by stable transaction margins, solid operating leverage and continued improvement in Bill Me Later performance.  Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later. We provide Bill Me Later TPV to include volume on eBay and inside the PayPal wallet off eBay in addition to the previously broken out volume outside the wallet off eBay to give you a full picture of the credit business.  Bill Me Later's TPV was up 67% as consumers turn to Bill Me Later for both convenience and choice, driven by continued strong penetration both on and off eBay. Bill Me Later penetration in the U.S. has quadrupled in the past year to nearly 1% in the second quarter. While small compared to other funding methods, this penetration reduces our funding cost as consumers shift away from credit cards to Bill Me Later.  Risk-adjusted margin increased 370 basis points over prior year to 16.5% as improved credit quality drove net charge-offs down substantially on a year-on-year basis. It's been over 2 years since the acquisition of Bill Me Later, and we feel great about the business and even better about the outlook. It has not only increasing consumer choice and an additional source of monetization but it also reduces PayPal's overall processing costs.  Before moving on to Marketplaces, I wanted to take this opportunity to discuss the implications of the Durbin amendment. First, we believe that the rules announced by the Fed in June do not treat PayPal as a payment card network. Second, we expect the overall net impact of the Durbin amendment on our margins to be slightly positive in the short to medium term. And finally, we're pleased to report that our U.S. ACH contract was extended during the second quarter through another 5 years, preserving our cost structure with this funding method.  Now let's move to our Marketplaces business. Overall, Marketplaces achieved net revenues of $1.7 billion, a 19% increase. Marketplaces FX neutral revenue was up 12%, driven by solid non-vehicle GMV growth of 10%, accelerated growth from adjacent formats like classifieds and advertising and the addition of the brands4friends acquisition. Marketplaces generated 59% of its revenues internationally this quarter. We had a great quarter from our Marketplaces adjacent formats with marketing services and other revenue up 34% on an FX neutral basis. The growth rate was primarily driven by strength in ad base revenue, continued strong performance across our global Classifieds business and the addition of brands4friends. Today, these adjacent formats represent 19% of Marketplaces' revenue and are increasing contributor to the overall company growth rate.  A few quick highlights on Marketplaces' operational metrics. Active users increased to 97 million, accelerating growth to 6% year-on-year. Sold items grew 8% year-on-year, a 1 point acceleration from Q1, driven by growth across all our 3 key regions. Non-vehicles GMV was up 10% in the quarter. U.S. GMV accelerated 4 points to 14% and International GMV accelerated 2 points to 10%. Our global take rate, excluding vehicles and StubHub, was 8.3%, 20 bps lower than last year as we lack the initial impact of the plays and changes implemented in the U.S. business in March of 2010. Marketplaces' segment margin was 38.8% in the quarter, down 150 basis points from a year ago, mainly driven by recently completed acquisitions.  Turning to our newest addition. We're very excited to welcome to GSI team led by Chris Saridakis to the eBay family this quarter. We closed the transaction on June 17, financing it with cash and $700 million in commercial paper. The integration is well underway, and we're very excited about the opportunities that the combined capabilities of GSI, eBay and PayPal will open for large retailers and brands in this new retail environment.  A few highlights from the quarter as we're now up to reporting GSI as the third segment in our results. Revenue for the 2 weeks we owned GSI totaled $24 million and the impact on non-GAAP EPS was negligible. The GSI team is making good progress on their V11 technology platform and we plan to increase spending so that we can accelerate the deployment schedule and create capacities for new clients. Cross business unit integration has already started. We are on track to realize that roughly $60 million in total revenue synergies and cost savings by 2013 that we laid out when we announced the transaction. And we have 5 GSI clients live on eBay today and 66 clients now use PayPal.  On this next slide, we provide few key metrics to give you a better sense for GSI's business performance. Please note that the historical information has been adjusted for the divested businesses to be more comparable to the business acquired.  Global eCommerce merchandise sales, or GMS, grew at 20% on a comp store basis driven by continued retail shift from offline to online. Total revenue was up 16% year-on-year as solid organic growth was offset by the shift away from the owned inventory model and the Global eCommerce business. The Marketing Services business increased 33% year-on-year in Q2, driven by continued adoption across GSI clients.  Turning to operating expenses. They were 45% of revenue, slightly higher on a year-over-year and sequential basis driven primarily by sales and marketing, investment in product and acquisition-related expenses. From a capital allocation perspective, we generated strong free cash flow of $543 million during the quarter after adjusting for a tax payment of $75 million. We've improved our financial flexibility by funding over 1/3 of the U.S. Bill Me Later loan receivables portfolio with our offshore cash. We've invested $2.7 billion to strengthen our portfolio with the acquisitions of GSI, Where and GittiGidiyor and we continue to use a portion of our cash on our share repurchase program.  We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $6 billion, including approximately $1.2 billion in cash in the U.S. From an M&A perspective, we've taken several steps in the quarter to strengthen our portfolio, accelerating our mobile payments, expanding our platform, extending our geographic reach and strengthening local commerce efforts will help us with our vision of becoming e-commerce partner of choice on and offline.  Now let me turn to guidance. For the third quarter of 2011, we anticipate revenue of $2.85 billion to $2.95 billion. This represents growth of 27% to 31%. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.46 to $0.47, which represents growth of 15% to 18%. Our EPS guidance reflect slightly higher sales and marketing cost and costs associated with the integration of GSI and acceleration of the V11 platform.  Turning to full year guidance. We are raising our guidance on the top line by approximately $700 million and on the bottom line by approximately $0.04. A couple of things driving the improved outlook. First, we expect continued momentum in the Marketplaces and PayPal businesses specifically driven by stronger GMV in the U.S. Second, the acquisition of GSI and several smaller acquisitions will add significantly to the top line and be accretive on a non-GAAP EPS basis by approximately $0.01 as we invest in integrating the businesses.  For full year 2011, we now anticipate revenue of $11.3 billion to $11.6 billion, representing growth of 23% to 27%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $1.97 to $2, representing growth of 14% to 15%. And we expect free cash flow to exceed $2.2 billion for the year despite approximately $350 million in onetime tax payments and higher CapEx due to increased capacity requirements and investment related to data analytics.  In summary, we had a strong first half with double digit top and bottom line growth. The Marketplaces business is gaining momentum, PayPal continues to increase their market share online and our adjacent formats continue to perform well. We're very excited about our future with the addition of GSI to serve large brands and retailers. We continue to invest in growth and we're focused on accelerating innovation and making strategic acquisitions while maintaining a dilution neutral buyback strategy. And we are well positioned to deliver on our 3-year plans.  And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Sena from Evercore Partners.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc.: So I was wondering if you can maybe talk about the point-of-sale experience a little bit. I know you mentioned that you're going to be rolling out a comprehensive product through next year. But can just can you just say how much of that will actually have Milo and Where and offers some of the other services as a part of that product?
John Donahoe: You know what's interesting is I would say 12 to 18 months ago, if you would've asked that where growth really led, we would have said, we're an e-commerce company. And that e-commerce is an enormous market that is growing quickly and was going to gain share from offline retail, and we still believe that to be the case. And so e-commerce will stay -- will continue to gain share from offline retail, and both of our core businesses are very well positioned in that. But the mobile device is absolutely lowering the boundary or blurring the boundary between online and offline. And with that said, this has created incremental opportunity for both of our businesses, really, all 3 of our businesses, far greater than what we would've expected. So on the eBay business, we see it already with the eBay Mobile application, which our analysis says is actually used in stores not infrequently. So the almost $4 billion of volume on eBay Mobile, many times has people using their mobile device while in a store or at least having -- being in a store at some point of the shopping cycle. And our acquisition of Milo is a way to bring that local inventory from stores into the shopping experience whether it's on the eBay site or on our eBay or RedLaser mobile applications. And so that will be one of the ways we're bringing local products and local inventory into the eBay shopping experience, both online and mobile. And then with PayPal, we've had merchants reach out to us quite aggressively and say they want us to bring PayPal into the point of sale. And we see this as an incremental opportunity and a fairly significant incremental opportunity that will play out over the next 3 to 5 years. We think we bring 3 things to that picture. There's going to be a lot of announcements and a lot of speculation about point of sale. I'll remind you that's the slower growth part of the market, but we feel very well positioned because we start with 100 million active digital wallets, each that have 2 financial instruments in them. And we start with 9 million active merchant accounts. And so we bring that to the offline or point-of-sale world. Second, we bring risk and fraud detection that we have today. We have $100 billion of [indiscernible] inventories to our platform with less than 0.2% of loss, and so we are equipped to bring that loss performance to PayPal Mobile, where we're successfully underwriting $3 billion of items and to point of sale. And the merchants recognize that, they trust that. And then lastly, what we're bringing to point of sale is an approach that merchants like in that it will accept all tender types, be they card or hands-free or mobile. And any mobile solution -- our solution will work with any mobile device or mobile software platform or operating system. And so it's payment-type agnostic, and merchants like that because it's going to enable them to help scale the PayPal solution across not just one store or one shop but across nationally all their stores and all their checkout lanes. And so we're designing our product and our point of sale much like we did the Merchant Services business 5 years ago. We're designing it to build the business that can grow significantly over a long period of time. So as I said, we'll have a pilot up and running by the end of this year. We'll have active operations and multiple merchants next year. And I think it will lead to material growth in the next -- the 3- to 5-year period after that.
Robert Swan: Ken, the only other thing I'd add is as John mentioned in his prepared remarks, our Milo, Where, RedLaser, Critical Path Software teams are not waiting for a PayPal point-of-sale product. They are out gaining traction with large merchants and retailers today. So they're not waiting for PayPal's point of sale. They're out there getting traction as we speak.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc.: And would eBay consider partnering to potentially expand beyond just retailers, but potentially with like a navigation platform in terms of offers, whether it's like Groupon or some other partner? Would you be open to that idea?
John Donahoe: Sure. I mean, we feel like we have 9 million partners today called customers and merchants. And we partner with -- when we buy Zong, we're partnering with mobile carriers, we partner with the card associations today. And we certainly would consider partnering with any of the deals providers or others that would be merchants on our platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth, and it's from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Wanted to ask 2 things, first, just on the outlook for the rest of the year, just to clarify on the pro forma EPS, just trying to understand how much is sort of core eBay specific and how much is related to acquisitions? I know you laid out in the deck, obviously, but just want to dig into that operating performance number in particular, the $0.03 number that you have there. And then secondly, can you just clarify how you're going to be handling the reduced transaction expenses related to the debit cards going forward?
Robert Swan: On the second question, first, the transaction that lowered transaction cost related to debit will flow through the transaction expense line that we give you on a quarterly basis. So the 111 bps for Q2 all else equal when Durbin gets implemented in the fourth quarter, you should expect that to come down. In terms of our guidance for the rest of the year, we said there's -- let's just isolate the GSI because that's the primary driver on both revenue and profitability. When we announced the deal back earlier this year and we said our expectations would be essentially EPS neutral on a non-GAAP basis for 2011. Today, what we're saying is that we expect revenues to be roughly $550 million, generating about $0.01 of EPS. So a little bit better than we expected back when we announced the deal despite the fact that we will be making higher investments to rollout the V11 platform. So a little bit better than we said at the time, relatively modest impact on non-GAAP EPS guidance for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shawn Milne from Janney Capital Markets.
Shawn Milne - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: John, you talked a little bit about some of the changes you've made in the U.S. Marketplace. We've seen a pretty significant acceleration in the past couple of quarters. As you look out into the second half or closer to the holiday, you said previously no silver bullets. What are some of the things that you are working on? You talked a little bit about the shopping cart and some of your vertical strategies. Is there any more color you can provide there to get a sense of if we can continue to see good acceleration in that business?
John Donahoe: Sure, Shawn. We feel good about the progress in the U.S. And in many ways, it's playing out much as we've been saying it would as we've applied the search changes, the pricing changes we made last year and those have worked their way in, the vertical experiences, eBay Buyer Protection. And the business is responding much like it did in the U.K. Looking out in the second half of the year, I think what you see is a bit of an acceleration of innovation. And so whether it's mobile, commerce and increasingly getting into different mobile environments, whether it's changes in our vertical experiences. I don't know if you've been to our Consumer Electronics segment, but the product base experience has now been rolled out from what was 3 subcategories, which were MP3 players, DVDs and GPS devices now to 30% to 40% and rising of the consumer electronics and consumers like that. And then our auto parts experience it growing. So the technology, Mark Carges has done a great job in our technology in a place where we can enter rate faster. And cart [ph] is available. We've got it completely developed and it's now roughly in by 10% of the U.K., 2% to 5% of the U.S. and we are rolling it out carefully because it turns out that while consumers like cart, some consumers like the cart, where we can cross merchandise, other consumers like buying directly from the product page. The main thing that'll be different, however, in the second half is we're going to increase our marketing investment. I said for now a couple of years that we're holding off increasing marketing and focusing on our current customers until we get a user experience to the place where we feel it's ready, and we feel like we've passed that point now. And so we'll be increasing our marketing expenditure second half of the year both to reraise the visibility of our brand and engage our buyers. You'll see us on TV in late Q3 and Q4 in the U.S. And we think that will have benefits for the business. And that's both in the U.S. as well as in Europe.
Shawn Milne - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Just one quick follow-up for, Bob, you talked about investing a little bit more in GSI and accelerating the rollout on V11 and some of the capacity. When do you think we'll get a first look at the new front end platform with some of the large clients?
Robert Swan: We're expecting the first launch late in the third quarter. John has had the opportunity to go around with Chris and see a lot of the GSI clients and demo-ed the V11 platform. And I'd say the tech team at GSI has done a really nice job in building out that platform, working out the kinks and we're excited to get the first one launched here at the end of Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian from RW Baird.
Colin Sebastian: Just one quick follow-up on the mobile question, if you can talk about, John, maybe how much of the acceleration in Marketplace growth we should credit to the rise in mobile transactions. And then turning to the largest category, vehicles, I wonder if you can address, where you see this business heading directionally over the next couple of quarters. Is there any initiatives in place now to help reaccelerate that business? Or is it really just tied to the broader headwinds in that market?
John Donahoe: Colin, what's interesting is we've stopped trying to worry about how much the mobile is incremental versus not for the simple reason that what we see as consumers are using mobile as just another device that when you look at -- what consumer behavior is doing is often they'll use a laptop and an iPad and a mobile device in a purchasing transaction. And so what the mobile device is really doing and the real value is it allows eBay to be present and available to consumers 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, whether they're standing in an offline store or whether they're sitting on their couch at home watching TV or whether they're sitting with their laptop. So we know that people that use our mobile devices, there are 45 million of them now, are 4 times as active as those that don't. And so we know it increases customer engagement. And so we feel like its expanding both the pie that we have to play in as well as deepening our engagement. And we don't think about it as a mobile or online. We think of it almost as a multiplier. Interestingly would be that we're seeing a little bit of a similar thing in motors. I mentioned that this motors app, I'm just stunned by how much early traction it got because motors buyers, at least motors enthusiasts, love browsing our motors inventory. And I'd break motors into 2 parts. Our Auto Parts businesses is absolutely doing fabulously. We've added an enormous amount of inventory in the Parts business and it's got real traction. It's a much better user experience. If you haven't seen it, it allows you to store your cars that you want to filter the parts for. And then the Vehicles business is as a business, to some extent, a business that has uneven performance or uneven demand around the world. We're seeing a little stronger performance in Europe, where we have Mobile, and a strong motor classifieds footprint. We're seeing decent motors transaction performance in the U.K. And in the U.S, it's kind of fair, I would say. And the thing I'll remind you about our Motors businesses is it's a mix of transaction and lead generation. And so we're trying to get to a point where we are basically indifferent between whether it's a transaction or a lead generation. So GMV I think will continue to be modest, GMV growth. We're focusing, though, to just getting in the flow of the vehicles transactions.
Colin Sebastian: John, one last point on the Mobile side, you talked about the buyer adoption and usage of mobile. Is it fair to say as well that given some of the seller tools on the mobile apps that these applications are also increasing the velocity of listings as well?
John Donahoe: Yes, and there's 2 parts to that, Colin. One is consumers listings are going up because you can do a listing with your mobile device in a minute. And so we're seeing more long-tail consumer listings. And then the second thing that we're just beginning to see is, and I think the GSI folks are telling us could be a real opportunity, is you could see people in retail stores beginning to lift their liquidation inventory on eBay. And so again that mobile device gives them a tool to lift and shift from a store and allow local store managers even in big chains to be making decisions about having another distribution channel. And so the mobile device is clearly another avenue or channel, if you will, for retailers, big and small.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler from RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: One quick housekeeping question for Bob and then a follow-up on mobile payments for John. So Bob, was there anything besides the acquisition that you called out that contributed to the margin compression in Marketplaces in the second quarter? Is this a new run rate to expect or was there anything onetime in there? And then on the mobile side, John, as you mentioned and we've seen a lot of interesting technology being developed in the NFC area. My question is who really has control over the mobile wallet in NFC? Is there any risk that operating system developers for smartphones or OEMs can prevent PayPal from becoming the de facto wallet? And is PayPal's strategy here to be a funding source for these wallets or do you need to be the wallet of choice?
Robert Swan: If I can add a little more color on Marketplaces margins, as I indicated, they were down to about 150 basis points. The dynamics I mentioned, a slightly lower take rate, and that was offset by productivity. Secondly, a slight mix degradation because the high growth Classifieds and StubHub businesses are lower margin than the core eBay business. But those essentially kind of offset each other, and then the primary change was simply the acquisitions that we did that weighed down on margins.
John Donahoe: And Ross, on the mobile payments question and NFC, our perspective is that the people that are really going to drive this at the end of the day are going to be the merchants. And in particular, the merchants, the large-scale merchants who drive 80% of the point-of-sale spend. That's grocery, that's drugs, that's clothing. And while I think there'll be experimentation with NFC, I don't think you're going to see widespread adoption of NFC in the large merchants for quite a while until there are standards. In fact, I was with a large merchant last week who described NFC as not for commerce. Simply because when you're a large merchant and you have 500 stores and 14 checkout lanes per store, you want 0 friction at checkout and point of sale. And they're not going to allow anything that has friction, no proprietary systems. So we're building solutions that work for their internet-enabled devices, their internet-enabled card readers and can handle card or mobile of all types of technologies. And I think it's a long way away before any major merchant accepts anything proprietary. In terms of the wallet, again, our starting point is we have 100 million active wallets in the cloud with each 2 financial instruments. And I don't know if you call that the de facto wallet or not, but I think it is an enormous advantage and starting point as we enter in to what is going to be an emerging point-of-sale environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spencer Wang from Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG: My first question's for John. Just on the online/offline commerce convergence strategy that you articulated, John, I was wondering if you could just walk us through the business model or the revenue model there. Is this something more of a lead gen type of business that shows up in the commerce line? Or do you monetize it through PayPal or some other mechanism? And then secondly, just for Bob, real quick, could you just talk a little bit about Marketplaces' margin trajectory in the second half just with the incremental marketing?
John Donahoe: Spencer, on your first question, the online/offline in monetization, here's how we think about it. We feel very fortunate in that in the highest growth segment of this, which is online, a part that's gaining share and when you add online and mobile, we have proven monetization business or models with proven -- business models with monetization approaches that are gaining traction and share. And that's sort of the foundation of our forecast and that's frankly the only thing we've included in any of the forecasts and outlook we gave in our Investor Day earlier this year. We said we'd become a $15 billion company and that was without any offline business in those forecasts. So we view offline as new incremental opportunity that's still in its early days. Exactly how it will monetize? That, we don't know. Milo, our focus on Milo is getting traction, getting it into the eBay mobile app, getting it into RedLaser, getting it onto eBay and generating consumer engagement with it. Consumers like it. And once we get consumer engagement with it, we can look at how we monetize; be it lead generation or otherwise. PayPal is a little more straightforward that to the extent PayPal and when PayPal gets pulled into the offline world, it will monetize much the same way it does today so it doesn't really need a new monetization model.
Robert Swan: Spencer, on the Marketplaces' segment margins in the second half, it will, as John said, slightly higher sales and marketing expense. And it will be higher, but it will be slight. And therefore, the dynamics of Marketplaces' segment margins will go the traditional pattern of first quarter and fourth quarter being highest, Q2 and Q3 being lowest. So I would expect Q3 to likely be marginally lower than Q2 and then it will accelerate in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: Two questions. The active user growth of 6% year-over-year and I know in the deck you talked about the U.S., U.K. and Australia as contributing to that. Is there any particular, other things you would point to outside of geographies to that growth? Is there new marketing plans that you think were already contributing to that in the June quarter? And then secondly, just in terms of the guidance. You're raising the revenue by $700 million. It doesn't seem like there was anything that you've raised in terms of your back half numbers. The outperformance really seems to have all come from the June quarter. I assume there wasn't anything new in the September quarter that made you more cautious on the business, but I just want to check that.
John Donahoe: Mark, on the user growth, it is, frankly, I think just a function of better, improved experience and word-of-mouth that's coming from improved experience. And so there's no particular thing we've done in any of the past previous quarters to try to grow user growth. And as I said, we all begin stepping up ourselves on marketing expense and investment in that, both to around our brand and around come back and try eBay again to win active users. One area I do also think there's going to be an interesting source of new user growth over the next, I don't know if it's the next 1 to 2 quarters, but certainly over the next 12 to 18 months, is the impact mobile can have, both in our existing markets and in new markets. We, as you know, in many emerging markets around the world, more and more consumers are coming online, be it for the first time with a computer or with a smartphone. And with a global platform like eBay has and a strong cross-border capability, we believe there's a great opportunity to have a transaction on eBay, eBay's global platform be the first e-commerce transaction that many people in some of these emerging markets have. So I think that's going to offer -- we're stepping up our focus on those and that will offer a source of new users over the next, again, more on the 12- to 18-month timeframe rather than 1 to 2 quarters.
Robert Swan: Mark, on the guidance question, I'll characterize it as follows: first half revenue growth, up of 20%; second half revenue growth, up 30%; raised overall revenue guidance by $700 million, $550 million acquisition, $150 million operations. On the operation side, I would think about roughly $100 million having come from the second quarter if you strip out FX and acquisitions, and roughly $50 million more of operational revenue, stronger Marketplace, stronger PayPal performance coming in the second half of the year. So all in all, just to recap, strong first half growth going up to 30% top line growth in the second half, good operational momentum through the first 6 months and stepping up our guidance in the second half to reflect both that momentum in Q2 outperformance and the acquisitions we did as things striking the portfolio.
Operator: Our final question comes from Scott Devitt for Morgan Stanley.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: A question for Bob. I was wondering if you can share same-store TPV for Merchant Services. And if it's not in the deck, I don't know your willingness to share that metric. And then separately can just update us on the Top 100 retailer penetration, U.S. and Europe for PayPal?
Robert Swan: On the first one, it's not in the deck. I think my recollection is that you ask this every quarter, maybe every other one, Scott. I think I give you the same answer. Yes, I would say overall that globally, we looked at e-commerce rates of growth roughly 10% to 12% in the markets that we serve around the world, and Merchant Services TPV up 37%. So if the clients that use PayPal are growing faster than overall rates of growth, we'd like to think PayPal has something to do with that. And we continue to add new clients, small, medium and large into the backlog. In terms of the Top 100 merchants, I think in the U.S, we got 62 out of the top 100; Europe, 35; and in Asia, it's between 15 and 17. I don't remember what. But that's the penetration and we made progress kind of every step of the way, including the progress that we're making on GSI's clients that increasingly are adopting PayPal as the way to pay in the checkout close.
John Donahoe: All right. We'll see everyone next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Is concludes our program for today. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance Jenny Cerran -  John Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President, Interim President of eBay Marketplaces and Director
Analysts: Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG Colin Sebastian - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Colin Gillis - BGC Partners, Inc. James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. And welcome to eBay's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And now, I'll turn the program over to Jennifer Cerran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jenny Cerran: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2011. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and opportunities. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full year 2011 and the future growth in the payments and marketplaces businesses. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to: The after effects of the global economic downturn; changes in political, business and economic conditions, foreign exchange rate fluctuations; the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users, particularly in more established markets; an increasing competitive environment to our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity; our need to manage regulatory, tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later and the financial industry; and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability. You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of April 27, 2011, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update.  With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe: Thanks, Jenny, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 earnings call. At our February Investor Meeting, I outlined a rapidly changing external environment, where the lines between online and offline commerce are blurring, driven by fundamental changes in how consumers shop and pay. And this is requiring merchants around the globe to adjust to a new commerce environment.  I also described a different eBay, a company positioned to capitalize on these trends by partnering with merchants of all sizes and delivering innovative consumer experiences. In this emerging new retail environment, we are playing offense. And that's just what we did in the first quarter.  We hit 2011 running. Our strong start to the year underscores our growing opportunities and momentum. We're focused on redefining retail and leading the next generation of commerce and payments. As we execute our 3-year growth plans, our core businesses continue to get stronger, we're innovating faster, which means we're serving our customers better, and we're investing in growth.  In Q1, both revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share exceeded our guidance. Revenue grew 16% and non-GAAP EPS was up 12% year-over-year and we generated $551 million in free cash flow during the quarter. PayPal drove strong growth in total payment volume, revenue and active accounts. And eBay delivered solid revenue growth including a 5-point acceleration in core GMV in the U.S. and stable growth in Europe.  We also made several moves in Q1 to strengthen our portfolio. We completed our brands4friend acquisition in Germany, and we announced agreements to acquire GSI Commerce, Where and GittiGidiyor. We believe these acquisitions help extend our commerce capabilities and accelerate innovation. For example, GSI significantly expands our commerce capabilities and deepens relationships with large merchants. Where adds important innovation capabilities to our local commerce efforts. And GittiGidiyor extends our geographic footprint into Turkey, which is the world's 12th largest market for Internet usage.  Let me now turn to Q1 results for each business unit. PayPal had another great quarter with strong revenue, active account and Merchant Services growth. In fact, PayPal's Merchant Services business now accounts for almost 2/3 of global TPV. Overall, PayPal continued to gain share and expand its presence on websites around the world, including launching on Singapore Airlines and L.L. Bean during Q1.  Active account growth remains strong. During Q1, PayPal added over 1 million active accounts per month, something we've accomplished for 6 consecutive quarters. In fact, in our current trajectory, PayPal will pass 100 million active accounts during Q2. In addition to a strong core business, PayPal also has several adjacent growth opportunities. For example, Bill Me Later is hitting its stride with 42% growth in total payments volume. This growth is driven both on and off eBay. eBay continues to be an important source of new customer acquisition and payment volume for BML. And off of eBay, BML is now widely available in the PayPal wallet with integration across all of PayPal's standard and Express Checkout platforms in the U.S. So virtually anywhere PayPal is offered on U.S. merchant sites, Bill Me Later will be an option for qualified buyers when they choose PayPal at Checkout.  Mobile payments also has strong traction and momentum for PayPal. Merchants everywhere are recognizing the growing importance of mobile commerce. And they're turning to PayPal Mobile Express Checkout to give their consumers the ability to buy merchandise using their mobile phones. While others are talking about mobile payments, PayPal is delivering real mobile payments volume. PayPal expects to almost triple TPV, mobile TPV from $750 million last year to more than $2 billion in 2011.  Digital goods are another area where PayPal is driving innovation and momentum. The New York Times joined the Financial Times as the first major news companies to add PayPal as a way to pay for online subscriptions. PayPal for Digital Goods went live in Q1 and is now generally available for merchants around the world. By offering a quick and easy experience for consumers and very competitive pricing for merchants, we believe PayPal's model for Digital Goods can help transform industries like gaming, social commerce and news media.  Turning to eBay. I continue to be pleased with the progress our team's making in improving the customer experience and driving better, more innovative ways to connect buyers and sellers. Our U.S. business is clearly turning the corner with core GMV up strongly in Q1. We've made the adjustments necessary to fine tune the change we made in Q2 of last year, and this positions our U.S. business to improve its competitive position going forward. Both GMV and sold items accelerated in the U.S. for the second quarter in a row.  In Europe, eBay showed stable growth in Q1, achieving the same double-digit growth rate we experienced in Q4. Growth in our U.K. business continues to outpace the market and our German business continues to make solid progress.  Our Q1 Asia-Pacific growth was flat year-over-year, driven by our balanced approach toward a highly competitive market environment in Korea and by actions we took to raise seller standards for Asian cross-border trade. While these actions are hurting our Asian growth in the short term, we believe we're making the right decisions for this business over the medium to long term.  Improvements to eBay's search and overall user experience are paying off. Buyers are happier and our bestsellers are winning. By removing duplicate listings from search results and making other search improvements, we are making it faster and easier for shoppers to find what they want, leading to more successful purchases across all categories and price points.  And consumers are noticing. Worldwide, active users were up 5% year-over-year with growth in North America, the U.K., Germany and Australia. Net promoter scores also increased for top buyers in our 3 largest markets. At the same time, eBay's top-rated sellers in these markets also gained ground in Q1, accounting for approximately 1/3 of GMV. And the same-store sales from these top-rated merchants grew 18% year-over-year, continuing to outpace e-commerce. Simply put, sellers who deliver superior customer service are succeeding on eBay and buyers are benefiting.  The tailored shopping experiences eBay's creating in categories such as a fashion and electronics continue to build momentum. For example, we saw great results this quarter from our Instant Sale Consumer Electronics Program, which offered terrific deals on trade-ins of popular smartphones and tablets. We also strengthened the ability for consumers to sell on eBay, which is helping our Auctions business. For instance in the U.S., we announced the elimination of insertion fees for consumers to list in the auction format. This has brought more inventory and deals onto eBay. And consumers who successfully sell on eBay also buy more on eBay.  eBay Mobile is also continuing to see very strong growth. Once again, while other retailers are formulating their mobile plans, consumers are actively buying and selling through the eBay Mobile app. We see strong accelerating momentum across multiple mobile devices in almost every geographic market around the world. We're on track to double eBay's mobile GMV this year to $2 billion -- to $4 billion in 2011.  Turning briefly to our adjacent formats, classifieds were up 15% in Q1 with strong growth in Canada. And our Mobila and Marketplaces businesses grew as well. StubHub had another excellent quarter with revenue up and acceleration in ticket sales across all categories.  So in summary, 2011's off to a strong start. I'm pleased with PayPal's strong performance and the continued progress of eBay. And we believe the acquisitions we announced during the quarter will further strengthen our competitive position.  As I said in February, we have 2 strong core businesses with substantial growth and opportunity ahead. We're utilizing all of our assets to create new opportunities and define the new retail landscape. We feel good about the quarter and our outlook for the year. We believe our company is well positioned to lead the future of commerce and payments.  And now before taking questions, I'll turn it over to Bob, who will provide more details on our Q1 performance and our guidance for Q2 in the full year.
Robert Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless I clarify otherwise.  In February, we shared with you our 3-year plan, including a framework for growth, a framework for execution and a framework for capital allocation. Our Q1 results reflect a strong start to 2011 and our 3-year journey.  In summary, we exceeded our Q1 guidance on the top and bottom line as we continue to execute against our strategic priorities. From a growth perspective, we grew the top line 16% with contributions from our core businesses, our adjacent formats and our seeds.  Our core businesses generated solid growth with non-vehicles GMV, up 8% and PayPal TPV, up 28%. Our Marketplaces' adjacencies grew 26% with strong organic growth from classifieds and advertising, and inorganic growth from the acquisition of brands4friend, which we closed in the quarter.  Our seeds are today's investments that will drive tomorrow's growth and these continue to contribute as well from Bill Me Later, Mobile and PayPal Digital Products. From an execution perspective, operational excellence has increasingly become the way we work. Net promoter scores are up, the rate of innovation is accelerating and we are realizing good operational leverage and we continue to invest for the future.  And finally, from a capital allocation perspective, we continue to generate strong free cash flows. We strengthened our portfolio with the acquisition of Brands4friends and the announcements of GSI, Where and GittiGidiyor, while also continuing our share repurchase program.  Q1 2011 is the first step in our 3-year plan, and we're pleased with our progress and momentum. In the first quarter, our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.5 billion, up 16%, and approximately $100 million above the midpoint of our guidance. Organic revenue growth was up 14%. Foreign currency movements increased growth by roughly 70 bps and the inclusion of brands4friends increased growth by roughly 1 point. The organic revenue growth was driven by strong performance from both PayPal and Marketplaces and relative to our Q1 guidance, U.S. GMV and stronger advertising revenues drove the outperformance.  First quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.47, a 12% increase year-on-year and $0.02 above the midpoint of our guidance. This year-over-year increase and the favorability versus guidance and EPS were primarily due to solid top line growth.  Non-GAAP operating margin was 29.4%, down 120 basis points from Q1 2010 due primarily to strong growth from our lower margin businesses and the inclusion of recently completed acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, segment margins for PayPal and Marketplaces were essentially flat year-on-year.  Free cash flow was $551 million in the quarter, a great start to the year. Q1 cash flow was negatively impacted by annual bonuses paid in the first quarter and the payment of a legal settlement we announced in the fourth quarter, but we benefited from lower CapEx payments in the quarter that are more timing related.  We continue to expect CapEx as a percent of revenue to be approximately 8% for the year, which is more in line with last year versus the 6% level in Q1. Return on invested capital increased for the sixth quarter in a row to 25.7%, driven by increased operating income and continued disciplined investment of capital.  Now let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal posted another great quarter with strong top line growth and stable segment margins. Total payments revenue was $992 million, representing growth of 23% and total payment volume increased to $27.4 billion, up 28%. We continue to expand our global footprint as international TPV increased 39% year-on-year, and now makes up 43% of total TPV in the first quarter.  PayPal's strength was driven by Merchant Services, eBay GMV acceleration in the U.S. and increased penetration on eBay globally. PayPal was just shy of its first $1 billion quarter, and now represents 39% of total eBay Inc. revenues.  A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics for the quarter. Merchant Services TPV grew 38% in the quarter as we continue to expand our global footprint, our merchant coverage and our share of checkout. Merchant Services TPV accounted for 63% of PayPal's total TPV.  On eBay, PayPal's TPV showed continued strength, increasing 14% year-on-year. Penetration of addressable GMV increased 300 basis points to 70.8%, an all-time high, with penetration increases in Germany and other international markets.  PayPal segment margins were 22.3% in the quarter, essentially flat with last year and significantly above the 18% to 20% target we set back in March of 2009, and well on our way to the 24% to 26% target we set for PayPal margins in 2013. The strong margin performance was driven by stable transaction margins above 63%, solid operating leverage, continued improvement in Bill Me Later performance, all partially offset by accelerating investments in Digital Goods, platform, Mobile and the PayPal user experience.  Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later, which continued to make solid progress in the quarter. Bill Me Later's TPV was up 42% as consumers turn to Bill Me Later for both convenience and choice in the PayPal wallet. The gross receivable balance at quarter end was $993 million, up 55% year-on-year and nearly flat sequentially compared to our seasonally high Q4. Risk-adjusted margin increased 320 basis points over prior year to 14.7% as improved credit quality drove net charge-offs down substantially.  It's been over 2 years since the acquisition of Bill Me Later and we feel good about the progress, but even better about the outlook.  Now let's move to our Marketplaces business. Overall, Marketplaces achieved net revenues of $1.6 billion, a 12% increase. Marketplaces' FX neutral revenue was up 11%, driven by solid non-vehicle GMV growth of 8%, accelerating growth from adjacent formats like classifieds and advertising and the addition of the brands4friend acquisition. Marketplaces generated 60% of its revenue internationally this quarter. The Marketplace performance was well ahead of our expectations as the North American business got off to a great start for the year.  Looking at our GMV format, fixed price continues to be the largest and fastest growing component, currently representing 57% of total volume. Fixed price GMV was up 13% in the quarter. The auction format saw a 2% decline in Q1, but showed continued signs of stabilization as we focus on making it easier and more compelling for consumers to buy and sell on the site.  We had another solid quarter from our Marketplaces adjacent formats with marketing services revenue up 25% on an FX neutral basis. The growth rate was primarily driven by strength in the ad-based revenue, continued strong performance across our global Classifieds businesses and the addition of brands4friends, which contributed 11 points to growth in the quarter. Today, these adjacent formats represent 17% of Marketplaces revenue and are an increasing contributor to the overall company growth rate.  A few quick highlights on Marketplaces' operational metrics in the quarter. Active users increased to 96 million, up 5% year-over-year driven by strength in North America, the U.K., Germany and Australia. Sold items grew 6.5%, a 3-point deceleration from Q4, primarily driven by softness in Korea. As I mentioned earlier, non-vehicles GMV was up 8% in the quarter.  And let me follow on John's comments and provide a little more color from a geographic standpoint. First, U.S. GMV was up 10%, a 5-point acceleration from the Q4 despite relatively tougher comps and a fairly flat market. The improvement was driven by stronger conversion and higher ASPs due to changes we have made to improve the experience, including cleaning up the ecosystem and more effectively serving the most relevant inventory. Additionally, we benefited from high ASPs in collectibles and tech category, primarily driven by higher volume from gold-related items and iPad sales.  International GMV was up 6%, a 3-point deceleration from Q4. While Europe growth remains strong and stable, Asia growth declined primarily due to our Korea business and China cross-border trade.  A little more color on both. Korea growth, as John indicated, was down due to series of changes we have made to reduce dependency on non-royalty building coupons and our presence on competitive comparison shopping platforms. We believe these changes will drive the right media in the long-term improvements, but will likely negatively impact GMV and revenue for the next several quarters. We expect little impact on regional profitability.  In China, we have a vibrant and healthy cross-border business where the majority of greater China sellers provide high-quality, lower cost products to our large developed markets. We've continued to take a series of steps to ensure consumers in the U.S., U.K. and Germany have a great experience from sellers in China by increasing the standards required to sell on eBay. This has had the impact of slowing growth from Greater China, but improving the experience for eBay consumers around the world. Again, we believe these are the right medium- to long-term steps that our bestsellers in China will meet the increasing expectations of consumers buying on the Web.  So all in all, we had a solid GMV growth with accelerating U.S. GMV growth, strong and stable European growth and a declining but healthier Asian business. Our global take rate, excluding vehicles and StubHub, was 8.2%, roughly flat with last year. Marketplaces' segment margin was 40.5% in Q1, down 150 basis points from a year ago but up 130 basis points from last quarter. The largest component of the year-on-year change was due to the acquisitions we've made over the last several months.  Turning to operating expenses. There were 43% of revenue, essentially flat on a year-over-year and sequential basis. We're investing more in online marketing and product development in the quarter, but this was offset by lower G&A cost and a decline in the provision for transaction loan losses from improved risk management and payments and a lower bad debt rate at Marketplaces.  From a capital allocation perspective, we generated strong free cash flows of $551 million during the quarter. We've improved our financial flexibility by funding approximately 1/3 of the U.S. Bill Me Later loan portfolio with our offshore cash. We invested approximately $200 million to strengthen our portfolio with the acquisition with brands4friends in Germany. And we continue to offset dilution through stock-based compensation with our share repurchase program.  We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments of $8.1 billion, including approximately $2.6 billion in cash in the U.S. This provides us with a flexibility and capacity to finance the U.S.-based acquisitions of GSI and Where while continuing to buy back stock during the year.  During the quarter, we announced 3 acquisitions to strengthen our portfolio by extending our commerce leadership position and accelerating innovation. As John mentioned, extending our reach with large merchants, expanding our geographic footprint and strengthening local commerce efforts are important strategic initiatives for our company. We believe that the acquisitions of GSI, GittiGidiyor and Where will help strengthen our capabilities in each of these respective areas.  We expect GittiGidiyor and Where, which are expected to close in the second quarter, and brands4friends, which we've closed in the first quarter, to add approximately $150 million in revenue in 2011 and have a non-material impact on non-GAAP EPS. We will provide updated guidance on the implication of GSI after the close, which is expected in the third quarter.  Now let me turn to guidance. For the second quarter of 2011, we anticipate revenue of $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion. This represents growth of 15% to 20%. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.45 to $0.46, which represents growth of 13% to 15%. And just a heads up on free cash flow for the second quarter. Again, we expect strong free cash flow in the quarter, but it'll be impacted by a tax payment of approximately $200 million related to the repatriation of some international cash.  Turning to full year guidance. We are raising our guidance on the top line by approximately $300 million and on the bottom line by approximately $0.03. A few things driving the improved outlook. First and foremost, building momentum in the Marketplace business, specifically driven by a stronger GMV in North America. Second, we announced a couple acquisitions in the quarter. And we expect these to add approximately 1/2 a point of growth or contribute little to earnings. Third, we expect a weaker dollar will benefit the top line with little impact on the bottom line as the benefit of top line is mostly offset by the hedges we've put in place to protect our plan. And fourth, we're expecting increased expenditures as we reinvest some of our favorability back into the business, including higher deal-related costs associated with our announced acquisitions.  For the full year 2011, we now anticipate revenue of $10.6 billion to $10.9 billion, representing growth of 16% to 19%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $1.93 to $1.97, representing growth of 11% to 14%.  In summary, we had a strong start to the year with double-digit top and bottom line growth. Marketplaces business is gaining momentum, PayPal is on a strong trajectory and our adjacent formats continue to perform well. We continue to invest in growth by accelerating innovation and making strategic acquisitions, while maintaining a dilution-neutral buyback strategic. We are pleased with our progress so far in the year and we are raising guidance to reflect the impact of stronger marketplace performance and a weaker dollar.  And now, we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question in queue is Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: One in Marketplaces and then a follow-up on payments, if I could. I don't know, Bob, if any of these deals are flowing through the Marketplaces transaction revenue line. But if I take that line and just divide it by GMV, it looks like the core take rate actually went up 30 basis points, sequentially. And I believe you comped the price change in the second quarter. So if that math is correct, what caused the take rate increase in the core eBay business?
Robert Swan: So first, Scott, as you know, Milo and RedLaser and Critical Path have relatively little revenue. brands4friends, which is the majority of the revenue in the quarter from M&A, is in our marketing services and other line, so it's not in transaction revenue. If you exclude vehicles and StubHub on a year-over-year basis, take rate for Marketplaces going through transaction revenue was relatively flat in the first quarter, so no dramatic change.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: And then the payments question is, I guess, similar take rate-related. It's used consecutive quarters of 3, 4, 5 in terms of take rate. And so I'm wondering if there's a point in time at which take rates start to stabilize and revenue grows more in line with TPV?
Robert Swan: Yes, the 2 biggest drivers on take rate are: first, the larger merchants, all else equal, have a tendency to command a lower take rate. So as the base book of business from larger merchants grows, that has a downward effect on take rate. On the flip side, our expanding international presence in both Europe and Asia take rates have a tendency to be higher and continuing increase cross-border trade drives up take rate as well. I think the way you've seen them net together over time is a continued gradual trend down. And honestly, I don't expect that to change a whole lot. At the same time, Scott, as you know, we think more about the transaction margins for the business and the interrelationship between what we charge the take rate, what we pay transaction expense and how effectively we manage risks, i.e. fraud losses. And the interrelationship between those 3 is what we look at in terms of the health and vibrancy of the PayPal business and the economic margins that we generate. And as Scott shared with you back in February, we believe that over the next 3 years, we'll continue to generate transaction margins at 60% or above. And one quarter into the 12-quarter journey, we're above 63% and feel pretty good about the interrelationship going forward.
Operator: Our next question in queue is from Colin Sebastian with Lazard.
Colin Sebastian - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: A question on the U.S. GNV, you mentioned stronger conversion in higher ASPs. Is part of the higher ASPs possibly a result of sellers baking in shipping costs into prices? Or was it really a function of the category and product mix? And as a follow-up on the Vehicles business, which appears to have stabilized, any relation on that from perhaps shortages of parts or cars from Japan? Or is that stabilization you think is going to continue?
John Donahoe: Why don't I take that up? On U.S. GMV first quarter, the way we see this is a year ago, we put in place the fundamental pricing and format changes that we in the U.S. that we'd done in Europe. And we knew that would have a short-term negative impact on the business. We said it would take 3 to 4 quarters for that work its way through in the U.S. just like it had in Europe. And what we saw in the first quarter is, in fact, in the fourth quarter, it's worked its way through the system. And in particular, we reduced duplicate listings in the fourth quarter of last year, and we've made some tweaks to search in the first quarter of this year that got the U.S. business back to what I would call baseline. And a baseline off which we can now build, much like what we did in the U.K. and Germany after we went through that period in Europe. So the impact in ASPs was more a derivative function of that. It was not shipping x cost being transferred in the pricing. It was more just higher ASP items getting more visibility in search and fewer duplicate low ASP items crowding out others. So I would characterize it as kind of fine tuning to get us back to a baseline. And it was pretty consistent across categories and products. As Bob mentioned, there were a couple of categories that were a little higher, gold and iPads, but by and large, I think it reflected a healthy ecosystem. And then vehicles, I don't think there's any -- I don't think we can tie anything to Japan in specific. I think the economy is a little bit better. And I don't know if we're at an equilibrium between transaction vehicle format and advertising-based vehicle format. We've been in a transition more towards advertising base vehicle format or lead generation, so we'll see. We'll take a couple more quarters. We're now indifferent between the 2 formats, and we give sellers and buyers the choice of which format they want to sell in and which format they want to buy in with vehicles.
Robert Swan: The only thing I'd add on that latter point, Colin, is as opposed to vehicles, parts and accessories has continued to generate demonstrate strong performance and growing performance, and that's been a trend that you've seen for the last 3 to 4 quarters as opposed to any short-term dynamics associated with supply shortages coming out of Japan.
Operator: Our next questioner in queue is Sandeep Aggarwal with Caris & Company.
Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company: John, eBay has significant lease trends in its product portfolio for local commerce with a series of acquisitions. Can you articulate by when we can see a fully rolled out eBay strategy for local commerce or maybe by then, eBay will become a significant player for the local market? And then on BML, we see a lot of ad campaigns on ebay.com. Have you done any kind of efficacy analysis in terms of aggressively pushing Bill Me Later on eBay.com or is it basically buyers' experience?
John Donahoe: Sandeep, I'll take the first and Bob will take the second. On local commerce, as you've mentioned, we've done a series of things ranging from buying RedLaser to buying Milo. We bought Where, which has local geotargeting this quarter. And what's fascinating, as we've talked an Analyst Day about growing synergies between eBay and PayPal, we're seeing just that, that local commerce is being enabled by mobile commerce. And the fact that we have mobile payments is and PayPal's capabilities, we think will further enable what Scott referred to as POS at Analyst Day. With respect to how fast it'll happen, I don't know. I think it's happening faster than any of us would have guessed 6 to 12 months ago, frankly, driven by consumers and driven by consumer behavior with their mobile devices. So we're focused on is ensuring that we have the best mobile commerce and mobile payments capabilities, which I think our volumes speak to. With Milo, we've got what we believe is the best technology to bring local products online and give a consumer a choice between, regardless of where they are on their mobile device, being able to buy online or see the offline inventory in their area. And we now have some live examples of that and as couple of categories or small lease on eBay. And then buying the Where property gives us geotargeting, which we think is another element of local commerce, where it will enable us to deliver relevant online and offline product results to a consumer based on where they are. So we like the pieces we're putting together in the puzzle. We're not trying to talk a lot about it externally. We're trying to build working prototypes and working examples that work with consumers. And as we said in our Analyst Day, we think local represents a significant growth opportunity for both eBay and for PayPal in the coming years. But frankly, we didn't put any of that in the numbers we talked about on Analyst Day. So we're focused on it but we're not getting distracted by it.
Robert Swan: And Sandeep, one other aspect of our local business is our Classifieds business, which is primarily a local business with medium positions in several countries around the world, which as we indicated earlier, is growing about 15%, given us great traction in the markets in which we operate. On your second question, one of the benefits of the multi-business portfolio, if you will, is we can take great innovations from one business and use them on this big ecosystem called eBay as a test bed to drive rapid adoption. That's what we're doing with Bill Me Later. We launched or we strengthened the offering of Bill Me Later on the eBay platform back in the fourth quarter. It got wonderful traction in the fourth quarter. We continue to, in a sense, market it to the 40 million-plus active users on eBay in the U.S. to get them to adopt. And the feedback we've gotten from them is increased growth and increased usage as exhibited in the Bill Me Later results. So with that is one of the benefits we have to pilot new innovations in one business on eBay platform. As a related but may be a complete aside, that's one of the powers for us of the GSI acquisition, leveraging that business and its group of merchants and clients to help them grow on the eBay platform and/or to leverage PayPal as a way to pay for GSI merchants with their consumers. So I characterize it a bit as a power the portfolio and Bill Me Later on eBay is an example of that.
Operator: Our next questioner in queue is Colin Gillis with the BGC Financial.
Colin Gillis - BGC Partners, Inc.: Gentlemen, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about Marketplace leadership and your thoughts there. The current guys are doing a pretty good job.
John Donahoe: I don't know. I still have an active search going on. What I've said and have said before, I have a very high bar. Frankly, the Marketplace performance is being driven by a very strong Marketplace team. You guys that came to Investor Day saw Mark Carges and what he's doing with product and technology. You got a chance to meet Doug McCallum who's running Europe. You got a chance to meet Christopher Payne, who's running North America. You didn't have a chance to meet Jay Lee who runs Asia. Chad O'Meara runs CS and ops. We've got a strong team in that Marketplace business. And so we'll keep looking for the right leader. That business deserves someone that's focusing on it full time, not just as I am, but we will keep a high bar.
Colin Gillis - BGC Partners, Inc.: And just following up on PayPal and just sort of opening up that platform, there was some good news this quarter regarding that. Can you just talk about how that's getting traction?
John Donahoe: You're talking about the external platform? Can you clarify the question just a little bit?
Colin Gillis - BGC Partners, Inc.: Just PayPal x and other people who are building on top of that?
John Donahoe: Yes. We recognized a couple years ago that we don't want to be the bottleneck on innovation off the PayPal platform. And so we've now got 60,000 developers developing on the PayPal platform, 1,500 live applications. It's being pulled in some areas, we would imagine, like you saw in the Developers Conference last year, in the mobile applications, into social gaming applications, into digital applications. And it's being pulled in some situations we wouldn't have imagined. And that's what's so great about platform. One of the things that we're learning along the way that's interesting is that what developers are telling us, and frankly, merchants are telling us, is they love the PayPal platform, but they want even more. They want commerce, services. They want more from the commerce services stack because they are finding that they need help competing in this multichannel world. And so that was behind -- one of the factors behind our acquisition of GSI that gives us some commerce capabilities for larger merchants. You'll see us taking the eBay open platform and the PayPal open platform and operating those more together to give more of a seamless experience for third-party developers and merchants. And it's also behind our 49% interest in Magento, which is as you know, one of the fastest-growing open-source commerce platforms. And what we're, in essence, doing is building the soup to nuts from the smallest through the largest sellers and the ability to build a commerce services stack so that merchants and developers can really capitalize on the capabilities we have, grow their businesses.
Operator: And our next questioner in queue is Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG: 2 questions, one is just a first, a follow-up for Bob on the marketplace take rate question, if I could maybe ask it a different way. If your core take rate was up year-over-year, but the core take rate was roughly flat year-over-year, is the increase in the former then just a function of lower mix of auto and maybe a higher mix of StubHub?
Robert Swan: Yes.
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG: And then maybe for John, your Internet peers are reinvesting and hiring pretty aggressively. So I was wondering if you're seeing any sort of upward pressure in cost as you build out the business and make investments? And are these fully contemplated in your 3-year guidance?
John Donahoe: Well, the first thing I'll say is that the labor world -- I divide it into 2 worlds. There is Silicon Valley and the rest of the world. And the thing to keep in mind, at least with our company, is 75% of our employees are outside of Silicon Valley. And while the economy is getting a little bit better in many regions around the world, it does not -- the labor markets don't have quite that sort of white-hot heat that you're seeing in Silicon Valley at the moment. And then in Silicon Valley, what's interesting is yes, there's a lot of competition in the short term for certain classes of engineers. What's interesting is engineers, while money is important to them, what they really care about is working on challenging and difficult problems. And we're having great success hiring engineers to work on eBay Search or to work on PayPal Mobile or PayPal Local. And so we are while -- and we have a number of rep positions open right now. So we're hiring, but just not quite at the rate some of the others are. So we feel good about our ability to add that, and we feel like by and large, what it's going to be necessary to compete is in the 3-year guidance we gave. If the changes, we'll say so. But we're trying not to get too distracted by what I think is a little bit of a short-term bubble-ish effect in certain classes of engineers in Silicon Valley.
Robert Swan: The only thing that I would add is we talked back in March '09 and again in February of this year about what we call our framework for execution or operational excellence. And essentially, over the last 3 years by doing things smarter, we've been able to free up capacity to invest in a variety of different things, whether it's more R&D, whether it's increased protection, whatever it is that we think we need to do to improve our competitive position, we've been able to free up capital by doing things better and reinvest that. In February, we said we'd do the same thing over the next 3 years, that we thought that we could generate about $1 billion of efficiencies by doing things better. But our expectation is that billion dollars would go back into things that are required to help us compete and grow and extend our leadership position in commerce and payment. So along the way, there'll be lots of dynamics that we'll have to deal with. What will be consistent is how we operate, how we free up capacity and how we'll reinvest in the business.
John Donahoe: And one of the things we like about our business models is they're not asset intensive. So it allows us to grow them without quite the same level of expenditures.
Operator: Our next questioner in queue is James Mitchell with Goldman Sachs.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Digging into Korea a little bit. My Korean's rough, but I think a local newspaper suggested tmarking [trademarking] an auction will allow Naver's price comparison engine to scrape the listings again. Is that correct? Or did Google Translate lead me astray? And do you expect Naver to expand from a price comparison engine into a mainstream marketplace competing directly for sellers?
Robert Swan: Yes, James. I think the dynamics of what's going on in Korea on the -- as you know, comparison shopping is a relatively large vehicle for traffic or for eyeballs in that market, more like in the other markets that we operate in around the world. And we have been, as the large search player in the market has extended its reach maybe into commerce, we've continued to think differently about what it is they're trying to do and what we think we need to do to strengthen our position locally. And along the way, we've reduced our presence on comparison, other comparison shopping sites, while in effect building our own organically built comparison shopping site. In Korea, it's called a bout. And we thought it was going to be more prominent over the long term to use that platform to generate eyeballs and traffic. And based on competitive dynamics in the market and the relationships that we have with the other players, we'll determine when to dial down our presence on other comparison shopping and when to dial up. We dialed it way down and recently had been putting up with listings more, and that will ebb and flow, is our guess, as that market evolves.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: But the original rationale for dialing it down was concern that the incumbent price comparison site, which will either become more of a marketplace, I think. If that's the local concern or are you less worried about that now?
Robert Swan: I think we'll continue to assess how that plays out in the local market to determine and influence whether we're serving up our ads on that platform or not. And the other important factor is we did build our own comparison shopping engine as well. So it gave us an alternative to serve up our listings, our own comparison shopping platform. And again, the dynamics locally will determine how much we dial down or how much we dial up on other comparison shopping sites.
John Donahoe: I think that market's still in transition, James. In most markets around the world, if you look at the really successful Internet companies, they're staying really focused on what they're great at. If you're great at commerce, you focus on that. If you're great at search and advertising, you focus on that. If you're great at social networking, you focus on that. And while there's been a little bit of movement into each other's categories, it's hard to be great at more than one thing. And we'll see how Korea plays out. Our hope and perspective is that over time, that we'll be best in class in commerce and others will be best in class in what they do.
Jenny Cerran: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question in queue comes from Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: I just want to ask a broad question about Mobile. You have a lot of visibility into it from both the commerce and a payments perspective. Some of that numbers you just rolled out in terms of your estimates for the full year against some of our estimates, I assume that Mobile penetration is something like 2% for payments and 6% or something for commerce. Can you draw many broad general thoughts on whether those penetration rates would converge over time? Or are there good structural or behavioral reasons why commerce penetration on Mobile should be higher always going forward than for payments?
John Donahoe: Yes, there's a simple reason. I'm looking at Scott Thompson right now. The fact is PayPal is the only safe way to pay on mobile phones. Because what people -- what you're finding is people don't want to enter their credit card information into a mobile device because it's: A, it's inconvenient; and B, has the risk of being unsafe. And not all the mobile platforms have yet proven to be secure, and certain things can be intercepted in Wi-Fi. And so when you pay with PayPal on a mobile device, you are never sharing your financial information. Your financial information is never passing through the airwaves or through that mobile device. And so PayPal is absolutely a superior way to pay on mobile devices. And so I think what you're seeing is the recent penetrations lagging is: one, in general, consumers have to feel comfortable paying on mobile devices; and two, it reflects that PayPal doesn't yet have 100% our share of the market, which is what the goal we set for Scott. More broadly, Mark, what we do see for both is we just see enormous growth in consumer behavior of using their mobile devices. And when we talk to customers, they really like being able to, in essence, have the store, the world brought to them in their pocket, on their mobile device and having that flexibility. And so our mobile penetration curves across both businesses are quite steep, and we're investing a lot in improving our applications and in making sure we have a pretty clear leadership position in that space.  All right. Thank you, everyone. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Swan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Finance John Donahoe - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Tracey Ford - Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG Colin Sebastian - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank AG Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to eBay's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And now I'll turn the program over to Tracey Ford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tracey Ford: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's Earnings Release Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter of 2010. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor. ebayinc. com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2011 and the future growth in the Payments and Marketplaces businesses. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: the aftereffects of the global economic downturn; changes in political, business and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users, particularly in more established markets; the increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses at different stages of maturity; our need to manage regulatory, tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later and the financial industry; and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, available at investor.ebayinc.com. You cannot rely on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of January 19, 2011. We do not intend or undertake no duty to update. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe: Thanks, Tracey, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q4 earnings call. In 2010, we have focused our company on three priorities: first, becoming a more customer-focused company; second, creating better user experiences through technology-driven innovation; and third, driving operating efficiency to reinvest in growth. We've made steady progress each quarter, and we ended the year with strong Q4 results.  I'm proud of what our teams have accomplished. We're becoming a stronger, more competitive company. We're creating opportunity for sellers and merchants worldwide. Our products are becoming more innovative. And we're making it more convenient for millions of people to shop and pay online every day, with more choices to help them find whatever they want, whenever they want, wherever they are. In Q4, revenue and earnings per share exceeded our guidance. Excluding Skype, revenue increased 10%, and non-GAAP EPS was up 24% year-over-year, driven by both stronger performance and onetime items. And we generated free cash flow of over $650 million. PayPal drove strong payment and revenue growth while expanding margins. And eBay accelerated sold items growth, driven by gains in the U.S., U.K. and Germany.  We've extended our leadership position in mobile commerce, nearly tripling our eBay Mobile GMV year-over-year to nearly $2 billion, with strong holiday shopping momentum in Q4. In 2011, we expect Mobile GMV to double to $4 billion. Mobile is clearly becoming a new way people shop, and eBay is helping to lead the way with innovative apps across multiple platforms, including the iPad. Our Mobile apps have now been downloaded more than 30 million times in eight languages across 190 countries.  We also expanded our capabilities. In Q4, we made or announced acquisitions that we believe will strengthen our position in fashion, mobile and local commerce. brands4friends, Germany's largest online shopping club, deepens our fashion leadership position in Europe. In the U.S., Critical Path Software gives us deeper mobile application development capabilities. And our acquisition of Milo allows us to blend local off-line retail into an easy and convenient online shopping experience.  Across our core businesses in Q4 and 2010, we made progress against our growth objectives. Distinctions between online and off-line commerce continue to blur, and consumer behavior around how people shop and pay is rapidly changing. Our customer focus, deep commitment to technology-driven innovation and our operating discipline not only generated a strong quarter and year, but also position us well to be at the forefront of trends that are shaping the future of shopping and payments.  Now let's look at the Q4 results for each business unit. PayPal had another great quarter and a strong year, extending its lead in almost every area of online payments while significantly improving profitability. PayPal finished the year with more than 94 million active accounts. We added more than 1 million active accounts each month in 2010, a PayPal record. PayPal also set a record in Europe, where we bypassed $1 billion in revenue in 2010, a great milestone. It was only two years ago that PayPal's entire international business surpassed the $1 billion mark, so this is a real accomplishment. This performance underscores the momentum and opportunity PayPal has worldwide as more merchants and consumers embrace PayPal as a safer, more convenient and easier way to pay and be paid. In fact, PayPal's business outside the U.S. now accounts for nearly half of PayPal's revenue in Q4. And PayPal continues to expand its footprint and strengthen its local competitive offerings, creating innovative partnerships with leading banks and mobile providers as well as local governments in markets such as Mexico, Brazil and China. And worldwide, PayPal's mobile adoption gained great momentum in 2010, generating 5x the payment value over the previous year and exceeding our expectations. In the U.S., PayPal signed an important deal in Q4 with GSI Commerce, a leading e-commerce service provider. We believe this partnership will help to accelerate merchant adoption of PayPal's two-click Express Checkout on brand-name retail sites. PayPal's penetration on eBay increased four points in 2010 and reached 70% in Q4. We continue to see great synergy between eBay and PayPal. eBay, for example, is now the largest source of new accounts and payment volume for Bill Me Later.  And speaking of Bill Me Later, this is a great example of how PayPal is driving payments innovation and offering more choice and convenience. BML handled more than $1.3 billion in payment volume in 2010 and achieved profitability ahead of our expectations. In 2011, you'll continue to see us focus on delivering innovative choices for consumers in the PayPal wallet to drive BML growth, profitability and engagement. Turning to eBay.  Our team continues to make good progress in improving the customer experience and driving better and more innovative ways to connect buyers and sellers. In Q4, core GMV growth accelerated three points in the U.S. and two points internationally. Europe continued to perform well in Q4, led by the U.K., where growth accelerated and we significantly outperformed e-commerce. In Q4, sold items grew 25% in the U.K., and GMV was up 19%.  In the U.K. and Germany, our eBay Fashion business, a real focus for us in 2010, grew faster than e-commerce. And in the U.S., our Fashion business also performed well in Q4, accelerating five points from the prior quarter. We believe these results validate our focus on creating compelling vertical shopping experiences for our customers. Driven by improvements in the product experience and trust, Net Promoter Score for eBay buyers has improved now for six consecutive quarters. And in the U.S., top-rated sellers who consistently delivered a superior experience gained ground in Q4, accounting for 38% of GMV, up three points from the prior quarter.  And same-store sales for these top-rated sellers increased 12% in Q4, outpacing the e-commerce market. Customers shopped a dramatically different eBay in the fourth quarter of this year than a year ago. The shopping experience is now cleaner, faster and easier to navigate. Great deals on a wider range of products were easier to find through our core search experience and features such as Daily Deals and Deal Finder.   And we introduced innovative social commerce offerings, such as eBay Group Gifts. I'm extremely pleased with the progress our eBay product team is making and the increasing speed and agility with which we're driving innovation and delivering better customer experiences.  Turning quickly to our adjacent formats. Classifieds was up 12% in Q4 on an FX-neutral basis over the same period last year. And StubHub had another great quarter, with revenue up 18% and ticket sales up more than 20% year-over-year. In summary, we accomplished a great deal in 2010. We executed against our commitments, and we ended the year a stronger company with good momentum entering 2011. We're focused on strengthening our core eBay business and driving global growth at PayPal, and we're beginning to lean into the next evolution in e-commerce, hoping to define and evolve how people shop and pay worldwide. With our focus on technology, we're increasing our pace of innovation. We're not only responding to current customer needs, but are also helping to shift, drive leads in online and off-line shopping behavior.  I'm more confident than ever in the power and synergy of our portfolio, the strength of our core brands and businesses and our ability to leverage technology to create opportunity and drive long-term growth. I look forward to seeing many of you in a couple of weeks at our Analyst Day. And now before taking questions, let me turn it over to Bob, who will provide more details on our Q4 and 2010 performance and guidance.
Robert Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, I'll reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons, unless I clarify otherwise.  Overall, we delivered strong fourth quarter results. We came in above our guidance on the top and bottom line as we continued to execute against our strategic priorities for both PayPal and Marketplaces. During the quarter, we generated free cash flow of $657 million. We repurchased approximately $400 million worth of eBay shares, and we issued term debt of $1.5 billion to capitalize on the low-interest-rate environment and enhance our financial flexibility. Lastly, we closed three acquisitions in the last three months that will help strengthen our portfolio of businesses.  We're pleased with the progress in Q4 and 2010, and we carry that momentum into 2011. In the fourth quarter, our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.5 billion, up 5%, or a 10% increase excluding Skype. Organic revenue growth was up 12%. Foreign exchange decreased growth by two points, and the inclusion of Skype in 2009 results decreased growth by five points. The year-over-year increase in revenue was primarily due to a stronger holiday season; strong performance across our international businesses, with continued Marketplaces strength, particularly in Europe; and PayPal's strength driven by Merchant Services.  Fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.52, a 16% increase, or 24% excluding Skype. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29 1/2%, up 20 basis points from Q4 '09. The year-over-year increase in EPS was primarily due to strong top line growth, a lower effective tax rate and solid productivity.  We had several things that transpired in the quarter that are worth highlighting in an effort to provide a bit more transparency on our results. Versus the guidance we gave back in October, there are three things worth breaking out, two that were positive and one that was negative. First, a stronger holiday season and better performance from Marketplaces and PayPal generated $116 million, or five points of growth, and contributed $0.04 of earnings above the midpoint of our guidance. Secondly, we settled some uncertain tax positions in the quarter that lowered our effective tax rate and generated $0.06 of additional earnings per share in the quarter. Third, on the negative side, we settled the lawsuit in the quarter and we reserved for an ongoing dispute related to an indirect tax position in one of our foreign locations. These adversely impacted revenue by $59 million and EPS by $0.04. All told, the onetime items reduced total revenue growth by approximately three points and increased EPS by $0.02.  From a segment perspective, Marketplaces results were negatively impacted by four points of revenue growth and two points of segment margin. Free cash flow was $657 million in the quarter, up 10%. Cash flow was reduced by a onetime tax payment of $147 million in the quarter. For the full year, we generated more than $2 billion of free cash flow despite approximately $350 million in onetime tax payments.  Let's take a closer look at our segment results. PayPal had another great quarter, with strong top line growth and higher segment margins. Total payments revenue was $971 million, representing growth of 22%. Total payment volume increased to $26.9 billion, or up 26%. We continue to expand our global footprint as international TPV grew 34% in the quarter and now makes up 43% of our total TPV.  A few quick highlights on PayPal operational metrics. Merchant Services TPV grew 36% in the quarter, and we continue to expand our global footprint, our merchant coverage and our share of checkout. Q4 Merchant Services TPV accounted for 62% of PayPal's total TPV. On eBay, PayPal's TPV growth rate was 11%. Penetration of addressable GMV increased 410 basis points to 70%, an all-time high, with penetration gains in most countries across the globe. PayPal transaction margin was also strong, increasing to 63.8% in the quarter. The global trends of a decreasing take rate continues but were offset by significant improvements in transaction expense and transaction losses.  PayPal's segment margin accelerated to 22.1% in the quarter, up 430 basis points year-over-year. The increase from last year was primarily the result of operating leverage, higher transaction margins and continued improvement at Bill Me Later. We ended 2010 with PayPal's segment margins at 21%, ahead of the 18% to 20% target we set for 2011 at our Analyst Day in March 2009. Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later, which continued to make solid progress in the quarter. Bill Me Later's TPV was up 49% as consumers, both on and off eBay, turned to BML for both convenience and choice.  The gross receivable balance at quarter end was $1 billion, up 48%. The charge-off rate continued to decline to 6.1% from 7.3% in Q3 due to improved quality of the portfolio, a higher receivable balance and improved collections. Risk-adjusted margin increased 290 basis points sequentially to 14.4% due to lower credit losses and higher merchant revenue from increased volume. It was a strong year for the BML business as TPV grew 41%, receivables portfolio grew 48% and risk-adjusted margins accelerated and net charge-offs declined.  Now let's move to our Marketplaces business. Overall, Marketplaces achieved net revenues of $1.5 billion, a 4% increase. Marketplaces FX-neutral revenue was up 6%, driven by higher GMV volume. Marketplace generated 59% of its revenue internationally this quarter. Turning to marketing services and other, which we view as alternative formats for bringing buyers and sellers together. Revenues were 17% of Marketplaces' total revenue and had FX-neutral growth of 13%. This was primarily driven by strength in the Advertising business, particularly in international display and U.S. -taxed advertising.  A few quick highlights on Marketplaces' operational metrics. Active users increased to 95 million, up 5% year-over-year, driven by strength in the U.K., U.S. and Germany. Sold items grew 10%, a one-point acceleration from Q3, driven by acceleration, again, in the U.K., DE and the U.S. U.S. core GMV growth was 5% in the quarter, a 3% acceleration from Q3. The increase was due to a stronger holiday season and an improved user experience from product and site changes, partially offset by continued lower ASPs from a broader selection of well-priced inventory.  International core GMV grew 6%, or 9% on an FX-neutral basis. The increase was due to strong growth in the U.K., Germany and Australia. This was partially offset by a decrease in China's cross-border trade, which was negatively impacted by increased trust standards to improve the user experience. Our Korean business continued to exhibit solid growth, but GMV growth slowed as we continued to be less dependent on coupons that don't generate buyer loyalty.  Marketplaces segment margin was 39.2% in the quarter, down 120 basis points from a year ago. The main drivers of the change included a onetime legal settlement and indirect tax impact, which were partially offset by savings from operational initiatives. Global take rate, excluding vehicles, StubHub and onetime impacts to Marketplaces revenue, was 7.95%, essentially flat with a year ago.  Turning to operating expenses. In the fourth quarter, our operating expenses were 43% of revenue, essentially flat on a year-over-year and sequential basis. We've invested more in product development, achieved productivity gains in G&A and improved provision for transaction and loan losses. From a cash perspective, we generated free cash flow of $657 million in the quarter, net of a $147 million tax payment. Cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments totaled $7.8 billion at quarter end.  We strengthened our U.S. cash position with the issuance of $1.5 billion of term debt as well as $300 million of commercial paper. Additionally, we financed approximately 2/3 of the BML receivables portfolio growth with offshore cash. During the quarter, we repurchased 13.7 million shares of stock for an aggregate price of $413 million. We closed both the milo.com and Critical Path acquisitions in the quarter, and we end the year with a strong balance sheet, including approximately $2.7 billion in the U.S.  We used our balance sheet to strengthen our portfolio by expanding it in new adjacencies and accelerating innovation through three acquisitions in the quarter. As John mentioned earlier, expanding our local presence, accelerating our mobile capabilities and growing our CSA vertical are important strategic initiatives for our company. The acquisitions of Milo, Critical Path Software and brands4friends will help strengthen our capabilities in each of these areas, respectively.  Now let me turn to guidance. We've outperformed our expectations for 2010. And we enter 2011 with confidence in our Payments business, and we're seeing strength in the Marketplace business. Our guidance reflects a few things. From a macro perspective, we're assuming a relatively stable outlook on the overall economy, exchange rates to hold relatively where they are now and global interest rates that remain generally at current levels.  From an operating perspective, we expect PayPal to continue its strong performance from expanded merchant coverage and share of checkout while generating operating margin leverage. We expect Marketplaces to have a solid performance in its core markets, driven by continued progress in trust, value, selection. And third, we expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate will be in the range of 18 1/2% to 19 1/2% for the year.  For the full year, we anticipate revenue of $10.3 billion to $10.6 billion. This represents growth of 12% to 16%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $1.90 to $1.95, which represents growth of 10% to 13%. For the first quarter of 2011, we anticipate revenues of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion, representing growth of 9% to 14%. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.44 to $0.46, which represents growth of 5% to 10%.  In summary, we had a strong close to a good year. From a business standpoint, our global footprint expanded, innovation accelerated and operational excellence freed up capacity to invest in the business and strengthen our competitive position. We have an excellent balance sheet. We announced several key acquisitions to strengthen the portfolio, and we repurchased $713 million in stock during the year. We increased our financial flexibility through an offshore funding vehicle for Bill Me Later growth, the initiation of a $1 billion commercial paper program and the issuance of $1.5 billion in term debt.  As we enter 2011, we believe the overall macro environment has stabilized, while internally, we are building on a solid foundation with continued focus on growing the PayPal business and improving the Marketplaces. And now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first questioner in queue is Sandeep Aggarwal with Caris & Company.
Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company: Can you please let us know, have you achieved the level of improvement in U.S. marketplace that you had hoped when you made material fee changes in February? And how would you compare, basically, overall U.S. improvement relative to Germany and U.K. ?
John Donahoe: Sure, Sandeep. As you referenced, we implemented on March 30 the very significant pricing and search exposure changes in the U.S. that we had done in Europe 18 months earlier. As I said in April, based on our experience in Europe, it takes a couple of quarters, two, three quarters, to work them through, and that was certainly the case in the U.S. And we made solid progress in the fourth quarter, the same customer metrics I always refer to as what I look at: Our buyer Net Promoter Scores in the U.S. improved for the sixth consecutive quarter, with buyers clearly saying they see improved trust and improved searchability or discoverability; sold item growth grew 8% in the fourth quarter, which is an acceleration over the previous quarter, so buyers are coming to us with more frequency; and then GMV grew 5%, which is a three-point acceleration from Q3 and reflected working through some of the second-order effects from the changes in March. So I feel like we end the year in North America on a good trajectory. I'm not satisfied with where we are in the U.S. market. Our GMV growth is still behind that of the market. But I feel like we're on track and now begin implementing the vertical shopping experiences and other search-related activities that will build on the fundamental change we made last year and allow us to close the gap between our growth rate and that of e-commerce.
Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company: And John, can you please talk about the application of the eBay Bucks program in terms of what benefit do you drive or see the incentive you are providing to the buyers?
John Donahoe: Yes, eBay Bucks was a program that, frankly, we were surprised at the attractiveness to heavy eBay buyers. And as you know, we started a couple of years ago focusing first on how do we retain and deepen our relationships with our top customers? And these are people who like coming to eBay, who buy with more frequency, and eBay Bucks was something that they responded to. What we see is the people that are using eBay Bucks are buying with more frequency, we think that's one of the things driving sold item growth, and we believe we're gaining share of wallet with those buyers. It's not something that's going to necessarily attract new customers to eBay, so it's something that's very much focused on our top buyers, and it's one element of our marketing mix. I would characterize it as one tool in the marketing tool kit.
Operator: Our next questioner in queue is Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: John, coming out of the year with PayPal margin above the high end of your three-year range, as Bob mentioned on the call, could you just talk about the way you're thinking about the margin profile for PayPal over the next several years as the business remains in growth mode? And then separately, Bob, could you give the sold items number x Gmarket? I don't think that was in the presentation unless I missed it.
John Donahoe: I'll let Bob handle both of those.
Robert Swan: Yes. The sold items, Scott, we just give you kind of the year-over-year impact. Because Gmarket was not new in the quarter, that year-over-year dynamic of excluding and including it is no longer relevant. So sold items growth was up 10% on an apples-to-apples basis year-over-year. On Payment margins, back in March of '09, we said that by 2011, we'd be at 18% to 20% operating margins. And as I indicated and you referenced, we had 21% for the year. So we feel great about not just where we are in terms of margin expansion, but also the fact that we've made significant investments during the course of that time to, in essence, roughly double the amount of total payment volume from 2009 to 2011. So we feel relatively good. And the three things that improved the margins during the course of 2010 we expect to continue, and they were simply good leverage on top line growth; secondly, you know that we're very laser-focused on transaction margins and keeping them above the 60% level; and third, continued progress in scaling the Bill Me Later business and using our collective risk management tools to appeal to more consumers but also to drive down credit losses. So those three dynamics are the things that contribute to margin performance improvement. And we expect those to continue, but it won't be at the expense of investment. We think we have a wonderful business with lots of opportunity, and we will continue to invest to ensure we capitalize on the growth prospects in front of us.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: Can I just ask you to clarify on the sold items? I thought the intent behind that was to normalize for the couponing in Korea and such that the Gmarket acquisition had comp last quarter as well. I'm just wondering is there a way to give that number to normalize for Korea, given what you're doing in that country from a couponing standpoint?
Robert Swan: The 10% growth on a year-over-year basis is apples-to-apples. There is a way to give you Gmarket-specific performance, but it's just not as relevant, and therefore, we're not going to. So I think the 10% is really indicative, Scott, of how well we performed across the globe, apples-to-apples, in the quarter.
John Donahoe: Scott, what I'd just say, in Korea, we are very focused on leveraging both Gmarket and IAC to build a sustainable business and build it in a healthy way, in a way -- a year ago, 18 months ago, or maybe it was two years ago now, we were beating each other's brains out with couponing, and it wasn't necessarily producing more loyal customers. And what we've now got is we've got two sites; one that's focused on hard goods and skews toward male consumers, that's IAC; and the other that has soft goods and skews toward female shoppers, that's Gmarket. And a platform that now sellers can leverage on across both more seamlessly. And we're focusing more on customer loyalty. And the place you really see it is GMV growth versus revenue growth. The revenue growth is very much consistent with market, and in fact, perhaps a little bit above the market. It's the GMV growth in the short term that suffers from us couponing less, if you will. And we're just pouring that money into more loyalty programs, but the most important point is the competitive position of that business is improving.
Operator: Our next questioner in queue is Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: A question just about the guidance. You've got EPS growth materially, or somewhat materially, below the revenue growth, yet you've got a lower tax rate. And it sounds like you're kind of calling for operating leverage in the PayPal business. So what's going on here? Just a mix shift to the lower PayPal business? Is it also dilutive acquisitions? Or is it also a lookout, outlook for material reduction in the segment margins at the Marketplace business?
Robert Swan: In the aggregate, implied in our guidance is operating margins that are relatively flat year-on-year. The reason EPS growth is not quite as high as revenue growth is, first, because our tax rate is getting better. My guidance had us at about 19% for 2011. The overall tax rate in 2010, as the result of the fourth quarter items, was 18%. So tax rate is more effective, but in 2010, we have the, kind of, the collective benefit from prior periods flowing to the tax rate in 2010. So our effective tax rate will, in fact, be up a little bit versus 2010. The second thing is, as you know, we raised about $1.5 billion of debt in the fourth quarter, and we will incur kind of the full-year effect of interest expense. Those two drivers are primarily the difference between revenue growth and EPS growth. Overall, operating margins for the portfolio will be relatively flat year-on-year.
Operator: Our next questioner in queue is Jeetil Patel with Deutsche Securities.
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you I guess maybe talk about the impact of the Durbin bill, in terms of the fee changes, to your business in terms of costs? Is that something that drops to the bottom line? Or do you plan to kind of make any changes on pricing as you look at the PayPal set of the business? Second, I guess you talked about it a couple of years ago, kind of gaining share in '11, maintaining share in '10. I guess, can you give us an update as to kind of how it shook out for '10 and '11, I guess, your plan, how fast you think e-commerce grows U.S. and then global and then how you pace against that?
Robert Swan: John, maybe I'll take the former and the latter up too. Jeetil, thanks for the question, because I know Durbin is on lots of people's minds. As you know, the draft regulation just came out at the end of last year. Fairly long, it's fairly complicated, and it's in draft form. So we know it's going to change and get a little bit clear. Maybe, overall, if I cut through it all in terms of what we determine the impact of our business is, in the short and the medium term, we believe it'll probably neutral to positive on our performance. And let me maybe provide a little bit -- maybe a little context as to why we say that in terms of how we think it's going to impact us. First, we believe our transaction expense as a result of the changes will, in fact, go down as we incur lower processing costs on debit transactions, and that'll be a reasonably significant number. If, how and when we pass it on to customers is a bit of a TBD at our end, but that, net-net overall, we think that's a neutral-to-positive impact. The second area that we're impacted is on the fees that we charge for the PayPal debit card, and that's a relatively small, small portion of our revenue. It will be impacted by Durbin, but it'll be an insignificant, immaterial impact on the business. The third area, which is a little more indirect in nature, and that is whether those that are more directly impacted by Durbin, whether they will pass on higher fees that would negatively impact PayPal, particularly on ACH-related transactions. I would say a few things. First, in the short to medium term, I don't anticipate that happening. We'll see, but I don't anticipate it happening. Secondly, we have multi-year agreements with strategic partners for those transactions that, essentially, go through beyond the 2012 for the most part. So there's, again, we have some contractual protection with some important strategic relationships that would mitigate it in the event that they increase ACH cost. And then, third, this is -- we have a pretty rich history in dealing with inflationary pressures on different forms of payment in the wallet. And in effect, how do we give consumer choice by leveraging technology and incentives to migrate consumers to what would be low-cost trails? So I don't believe that ACH will go up. In the event that it does, I'd say we have contractual protection for 18 to 24 months. And I think we're pretty effective at managing the dynamics of the PayPal wallet to impact any specific changes. So all in all, our interpretation of the results, I would characterize it as, again, short and medium term, neutral to positive and long term, very manageable in the context of our business. And maybe, John, before I hand it off, there's one more point that's probably worth mentioning. I think there's some concerns that PayPal will be regulated by the Fed as a card network. I would say that we do not believe this will be the case for several reasons. One, we don't charge interchange fees. Secondly, we use existing card networks to move PayPal payments. And then last, the payment networks themselves treat us like a merchant. So for the concerns around us being regulated as a card network, we do not believe that that will ultimately be in the final bill when it comes out later this year. So a long answer but a very important question, and that's kind of how we're interpreting where this regulation is or where it's going to go and the impact on our business. John, you want to. . .
John Donahoe: Good. I'll take the -- I can't even remember what the second question was now, but I do think -- I mean, we spent a lot of time working with Durbin, and I think we feel comfortable with where we are. And if anything, it could improve our competitive position. Jeetil, I think your second question was on the Marketplace business and how we're growing relative to the market and then maybe a little bit about the e-commerce outlook. So in 2010, we grew our global Marketplaces revenue 9% on an FX-neutral basis and GMV about 11%, and that was roughly in line with the markets in which we participate in. But obviously, within that, we had some markets where we grew faster than the market, like the U.K., like Australia, like Korea and other markets, where we grew more slowly than the market, the U.S. being the most pronounced of those. But as I said earlier, I feel good about where we are exiting the year. And I'm confident and optimistic we will make continued progress into 2011, and our goal is still to grow at or faster than the market. Now the market growth rate is an interesting question, because I'd say two things here. One, at our Analyst Day in March of 2009, I said that I thought e-commerce would go from 5% of off-line retail to somewhere between 15% to 20%. And we still believe that, and we saw a little bit of that in the fourth quarter with the e-commerce growth rate gap over retail widening. So I'm not sure I can exactly predict what the 2011 e-commerce growth rate is and will be, but what I will say is we clearly see changes and trends in the market that increase the fundamental attractiveness of our market and, we believe, play to our advantage as a company. And in particular, Mobile is now increasing the number of Internet-enabled transactions, right? And in the process, it is really rapidly blurring the line between online and off-line. And so what we're trying to do is ensure that we're on our front foot and we are aggressively capitalizing on that as a company, because what we see is merchants or sellers around the world now realizing that they have to compete in a multi-channel way. No longer can someone just be a website or just be an off-line retailer. No longer can you just have your off-line store and at night, your own website. You've got to get your inventory or your service out in a multi-channel way, and you have to deal with things like mobile, like social, like the blurring lines. And we believe our company, both eBay and PayPal, and our focus on connecting buyers and sellers fits that need very, very well. And one of the things that we're finding is increasingly relevant is we tell these merchants we will never compete with them. Our goal is never to be a retailer. So when we now call on a merchant to either have them put their inventory on eBay or other properties or have PayPal help them increase their payment volume either online or off-line, we're getting a lot of receptivity. And we're offering to help them get in the mobile world, help them capitalize on the 30 million mobile downloads, help them deal with social commerce, help them deal with some of the challenges that they increasingly have to face. So I would say I'm optimistic about the e-commerce market, and I think maybe these changes play to our direction. If you look at the aggressive moves we're are making around Mobile with buying RedLaser, Critical Path, our actions in PayPal and eBay, the acquisitions around Milo and the work PayPal is doing in the off-line world, I think you're going to see us really ramp up our innovation in this area in 2011 and beyond.
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank AG: So maybe we'll guess the market growth, but what does your Marketplace kind of -- what's your guidance and bet from a Marketplace GMV growth standpoint? Maybe we'll just figure out the market at that point.
John Donahoe: We're not going to go beyond the financial guidance that Bob gave. So you'll have to do the math in that.
Operator: Our next questioner in queue is Spencer Wang with Crdit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a two-part question on PayPal. First, for Bob, just a follow-up on the Durbin comments as we try and quantify the impact. I was wondering if you could just update us on the source of funds mix at PayPal in 2010. And then, second, for John, can you talk a little bit more about the mobile opportunity for PayPal as it relates to the off-line retail opportunity?
Robert Swan: I think, as you're aware, we haven't really broken down sources-of-funding mix for a while. I would say that for card transactions, we've said that roughly 55% to 60% of our volume is with card transactions. We haven't broke that down between credit or debit. And we have said that while debit has gotten dramatic traction off-line, it hasn't been as dramatic online. It's a larger component, but not as dramatic. So what we try to give you is more this quarterly pulse on how we're doing in leveraging technology, providing consumer choice and influencing consumers on low-cost rails, which gets reflected in how the transaction expense number that we give you each quarter. And that's the metric that we try to manage over time. And as I indicated, in the short and medium term, our best assets, the ultimate outcome of Durbin, would indicate that, that overall number, all else equal, would go down.
John Donahoe: And then, Spencer, on the PayPal mobile opportunity, we really break it into a couple of categories. One is we launched Mobile Express Checkout last year, and what that, in essence, does is any merchant that's implemented PayPal's Express Checkout with the exact same implementation now, integration, has a mobile payments capability, which is relevant, because those merchants want to have their inventory accessible off mobile devices. And we know consumers don't like putting credit cards into mobile devices, and so now PayPal helps them extend their inventory to mobile devices with one simple integration. And then, with respect to mobile in the off-line world, I've got to be honest. This is one where merchants are reaching across, off-line merchants, and really pulling us in. And what's happened is that the, I'll call it the last mile in teleco, there's the last inch in point-of-sale mobile payment technology. And what's happened in the last year is there's a recognition that you don't have to have one standard across NFC or RFID or Bluetooth or using tones and sounds off the Smartphone device, and there's a lot of innovation going on there. So that last inch is being solved, if you will, in multiple ways. So the recognition is that PayPal can not only offer you a mobile payments capability for a merchant; that is, consumer pays at point of sale; but it also offers that merchant an ability to use PayPal to offer coupons, offers, other things that sort of repositions PayPal not from just being a payment mechanism at point of sale, but be a demand generator, if you will, and a customer loyalty engager. And so we're working on some very interesting things with large retailers. Starbucks is, for instance, one we announced at our PayPal X platform event, where the Starbucks integration is not so much to substitute for payments. It's a way to allow their top buyers, their top consumers, to process more quickly through their lines. And so I think you're going to hear a lot more to come on this. And we think there's a -- it's almost opening up a whole new field of opportunity for PayPal that we weren't even thinking about a year ago.
Operator: Our next questioner in queue is Doug Anmuth with Barclays Capital.
Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital: First, Bob, I was hoping you could clarify the impact of the three acquisitions and the guidance for 2011 on the top line. And then secondly, John, in talking about eBay and PayPal together, you mentioned earlier in the call just how the synergy is still strong between the two, and that sort of echoes what you've said in the past. But what would make you change your mind strategically on whether these two companies need to be together going forward?
Robert Swan: In terms of the -- just, I'll use the midpoint of our 2011 guidance of about 14%. Inherent in that is the revenues from the three transactions that we've closed: Milo, Critical Path and brands4friends. The first two are, essentially, inconsequential. The last one is, as we indicated, the largest private sale business in Germany, and I think about it as roughly a little less than 1 1/2% of growth from acquisitions in total. So midpoint of guidance, roughly 12 1/2% organic, another 1 1/2% from the acquisitions that we've announced.
John Donahoe: And then, Doug, on synergies. Again, historically, we've identified, really, two sources of synergies. One is that eBay is still a significant source of new customers for PayPal, and as I mentioned, it's increasingly a new source of customers for BML, which helps both PayPal in having BML customers and helps the overall PayPal funding mix or transaction expense. The second source has been eBay's balance sheet. EBay Inc.'s balance sheet has helped us have the capacity to make investments and acquisitions in other areas than PayPal. And frankly, the third area of synergy that has been growing over the past 12 months is some of these areas of innovation. Our Mobile teams, we are out front, we believe, in both mobile commerce and mobile payments. And there's a lot of sharing between those two efforts. In fact, this Critical Path Software company we bought provides us mobile apps capability across both business units. Our efforts on the blurring line between online and off-line, local, when we call upon these merchants, we can offer them multi-channel capabilities as well as payments capabilities. And our platform, opening up our PayPal platform, and increasingly, you'll hear us talk about opening up our overall commerce platform. So we still see synergies. We see those synergies actually strengthening in the areas of innovation. What will change our mind is, quite simply, when one business stops making the other more successful or stronger. And this is not a religious thing for either Bob or I, and I think we demonstrated that with Skype. And so as long as the businesses make each other stronger, we think that's in the best interest of the businesses and shareholders. And if and when that changes, we'll act quite rationally.
Tracey Ford: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question in queue for today comes from Colin Sebastian with Lazard.
Colin Sebastian - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: John, I think you alluded to, earlier in the call, changes coming to search on the Marketplace platform. I was curious if you could talk about the timing for that and other changes. And then just a follow-up on Mobile as well. I'm curious if you're able to quantify how much of the Mobile volume is incremental or really a substitution from desktop shopping.
John Donahoe: Sure, Colin. On search, and I encourage everyone to come to our Analyst Day in a couple of weeks, because Mark Carges will elaborate on this, but in essence, we built a new search -- Mark and his team built a new search platform. And the first two applications built on top of that were the Fashion experience and the eBay Mobile experience. And so if you've seen the eBay Fashion experience, it's much more customized to the category experience. In that case, it's more visual. It allows you to save your preferences. It allows you to shop in the way you want to shop in that category. In Q4, Mark and his team also rolled that out to a few subcategories, a customized shopping experience for electronics. And in particular, that was for MP3 players, navigation systems and DVDs. So if you haven't seen that, I'd go in and do a search for an iPod or a navigation system, and you'll see a more product-based experience. And so the search roadmap for 2010 has a very heavy focus on vertical shopping experiences. Fashion, electronics, auto parts, home and garden are providing better shopping experiences that allow our enormous inventory to be more easily discoverable and, we believe, will increase conversion over time. There's no doubt that the fashion conversion has improved with these search improvements. So I think you'll see a lot on the vertical front. On Mobile, because the mobile application was built on the new search platform, we've been able to rev that several times. And again, it's adding to our agility and our speed. How much of the Mobile volume is incremental? We don't know. I'm going to guess roughly a third. We're still trying to sort that through. What we're finding -- what's interesting is you have mobile-enabled transactions, which is in some cases, people start on the mobile device, buy on the mobile device and pay on the mobile device. In other cases, people start on a PC-based device and buy on a mobile device. With something like RedLaser, sometimes people are starting off-line and then they're actually buying online, and we're seeing every combination. So as we think about Mobile, both at eBay and PayPal, we're treating Mobile as another device in a what we believe will be increasingly a seamless shopping experience. Again, that's something we're going to talk about in more detail at our Analyst Day in a couple of weeks. All right, thanks, everybody. Again, I'll put our last plug in for joining us here in early February, and we'll look forward to seeing everyone then.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracey Ford  Director, Investor Relations John Donahoe  President and CEO Bob Swan  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sandeep Aggarwal  Caris & Company Imran Khan  JPMorgan Securities, Inc. Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc. Mark Mahaney  Citigroup Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray Steve Weinstein  Pacific Crest Securities Doug Anmuth  Barclays Capital James Mitchell  Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to eBays Q2 2010 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode but later we will conduct the question-and-answer session, which instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. Now its my pleasure to announce your host, Tracey Ford, Director of Investor Relations.
Tracey Ford: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBays earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2010. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. Were providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompany this conference call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements related to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risk and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding expected financial results for the third quarter and full-year 2010, and future growth in the marketplaces and payments businesses. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including but not limited to the continuation or worsening of the global economic downturn; changes in political, business, and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; the impact in integration of recent and future acquisitions; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses; our need to manage regulatory, tax, IP, and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later, and the financial industry; and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability. You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them. All information in the presentation is as of July 21, 2010, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this presentation. With that, let me turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe: Thanks Tracey, and good afternoon everyone and welcome to our Q2 earnings call. Today, Ill talk about our results for the quarter and our progress toward achieving our growth objectives. Bob will then give more details on the numbers and our guidance and well take questions. I want to begin by reminding you of our strategic goals. Were positioning PayPal to be the leader in global online payments and were positioning eBay to continue as a leader in e-commerce with competitive strength as the worlds largest online marketplace for secondary or off-price new and pre-owned merchandise. And were working toward achieving these goals in three ways. First, were becoming a more customer-driven organization. We have three clear customer metrics, net promoter score, velocity and market share, and weve tied a portion of managements compensation to customer satisfaction. Second, were becoming a more technology-driven company with an increasing commitment to innovation. Our efforts in mobile, platform and the launch of products such as our fashion vertical illustrate our commitment and increasing pace of innovation. And third, were operating more efficiently. Were taking $2 billion out of our cost structure over a three-year period and reinvesting in our growth priorities. Now our Q2 results, both revenue and earnings exceeded our guidance. Excluding Skype, revenue increased 15% and non-GAAP EPS was up 18% year-over-year. PayPal continued its strong revenue and total payment volume growth and eBays turnaround continued with progress in key metrics. We continue to focus on delivering strong financial results, managing a healthy balance sheet and making the necessary investments to satisfy our customers and compete and win. Our Q2 results also demonstrate the global strength and increasing diversity of our company. Almost 60% of the eBay marketplace revenue was generated outside the U.S. and more than 60% of PayPals total payment volume comes from our Merchant Services business off of eBay. The diverse nature of our portfolio gives us the ability to balance opportunities and challenges across our businesses and geographies. Now lets take a look at the results from each business unit. PayPal had another great quarter. We added 1 million new accounts each month during Q2 and PayPal now has 87 million active accounts. Penetration on eBay continued to increase and our merchant services business grew over 40% for the third quarter in a row. Overall, PayPal continues to grow significantly faster than global e-commerce and gain share as the leading online payment method. As we continue to execute our plan to grow merchants and consumers, were also taking steps to accelerate PayPals competitive position globally and drive payments innovation. I want to touch on three brief examples in todays call. First, were aggressively expanding PayPals presence across Asia through pursuit of strategic relationships. For example, our previously announced partnership with China UnionPay is on track to launch in Q3, giving millions of Chinese consumers the ability to shop online and pay with PayPal. And in Q2 PayPal launched on the Alibaba.coms Ali Express platform, giving small merchants worldwide a faster, safer way to pay for wholesale merchandise from China. In Japan PayPal went live with SoftBank payment services and we are now on the top five gateways in that country, providing access to a market with more than $25 billion in addressable spend. Weve also announced significant mobile deals in Singapore and Malaysia to help make the MobileWallet a reality for millions of new consumers in Asia. For example, PayPals mobile platform was chosen by the Singapore government to power its M-commerce Infrastructure and in Malaysia PayPal signed a deal with Maxis, the countrys largest telco operator, to provide PayPal to Maxis 12 million subscribers on its mobile, online and Internet TV platforms. These are just a few of the examples illustrating PayPals significant opportunities in Asia. Were also driving significant product innovation with Bill Me Later, both within the PayPal wallet and as a separate payment option. Merchants are recognizing the potential for Bill Me Later to help drive sales and higher order value. And consumers like the benefits of online credit as an easy payment option. As a result, Bill Me Laters growth in Q2 is accelerating and in Q2 we also began testing Bill Me Later as a checkout option on eBay. Early results show that when buyers use BML on eBay, their purchases are generally two times larger than the average order value on eBay, more to come on that in future quarters. My third example of how PayPal is driving growth and innovation is in mobile payments. More than 2.5 million people have downloaded PayPals mobile apps and in the first six months of this year, PayPal generated nearly twice the mobile payment volume that it did for all of 2009. In the U.S. in Q2, PayPal introduced Mobile Express Checkout, which is designed to vastly improve the mobile shopping experience for consumers and PayPal merchants. Mobile Express Checkout offers consumers the same frictionless payment experience on the mobile phone that PayPal customers enjoy online and Mobile Express Checkout offers PayPal merchants an easy way to extend their business to the mobile phone. All in all, PayPal continues to make progress toward achieving its enormous potential to be the clear leader in online and mobile payments. Now lets turn to eBay. We continue to make progress in our multi-year turnaround with ongoing improvements in the buying and selling and experience, and growing innovation in areas such as mobile and fashion. For the quarter, marketplace revenue was up 11% year-over-year with solid performance on the underlying customer metrics. Net promoter scores were up for top and active buyers in the U.S., U.K. and Germany, and buyers are buying with greater frequency. Sold item growth continued to be strong at 11% globally. And when we look at GMV in our three largest markets, we gained share in the U.K., driving mid teens growth in Q2. We performed well in Germany with GMV and sold items accelerating from Q1. However, in the U.S. we grew more slowly than the market. We are not satisfied with our U.S. results, while clearly we saw consumer spending soften during the quarter and the strengthening dollar hurt GMV exports from the U.S. However, we aim to do better in this market. Now, we believe the changes we implemented in the U.S. at the end of Q1 to offer more competitive pricing for sellers and better experiences for buyers ultimately will have the same positive impact weve seen in Europe. However, were in the midst of making a series of format and search adjustments following that price change, just as we had to do last year in Europe. But overall, were not satisfied and were on top of it. That said, overall buyer satisfaction on eBay is continuing to improve. As I mentioned a minute ago, buyer net promoter scores are up in each of our major markets. This is driven by increased trust on our marketplace. Bad buyer experiences are decreasing and sellers across the site are improving their service. And eBay Buyer Protection is improving buyer satisfaction. Buyer Protection allows buyers to shop on eBay with confidence. Weve also launched a couple of innovative shopping experiences. Our new fashion vertical offers a more compelling and visual shopping experience, better servicing our deep inventory in this $5 billion plus eBay category. Were making strong progress in working with the top fashion brands in Europe and the U.S., and we are getting great feedback from buyers and sellers on the fashion experience, and our teams are rapidly building suggestions into site improvements. And mobile innovation is another way were creating better shopping experience on eBay. Were well on our way to delivering $1.5 billion of mobile GMV this year, more than 2.5 times our volume in 2009. Our main eBay iPhone app has been downloaded almost 11 million times and eBay is consistently a top three lifestyle app on the iPad. Our eBay selling app, which we just launched in the U.K., has quickly become a top 10 app there and its already generating an average of more than 2,000 listings per day. So were continuing to expand the availability of our applications across all platforms, iPhone, BlackBerry and Android, so that we are reaching millions of potential new users worldwide. In addition in Q2, we acquired the popular RedLaser iPhone app. Well be integrating this barcode scanning technology into our eBay apps, providing users with fast and easy selling and comparison shopping information. Well also be enhancing selection on the free standalone RedLaser app by adding eBays more than 200 million listings, as well as, inventory from 7000 merchants on shopping.com. Turning briefly to our adjacent e-commerce formats, our classifieds business was up 7% in Q2, with strong growth in Canada and Germany. And StubHub had another great quarter, continuing to reinforce its position as the tickets marketplace that offers the most choice and availability. Q2 ticket demand was strong for sporting events, including the NBA and NHL playoffs, and Major League Baseball. StubHub also expanded into mobile commerce with the launch of its iPhone application. So in summary, with the first half of 2010 behind us, we continue to make progress against our three-year growth objectives and deliver on our financial commitments. PayPal is strong and has great potential and momentum. And eBay continues to make progress in key metrics with strength in Asia and the U.K. and solid performance in Germany. We still have work to do in the U.S., our toughest, most competitive market and we are not satisfied. However, we remain confident that our turnaround is on track and we continue to target having our aggregate marketplaces businesses grow at e-commerce global rates for the year. We are a strong company with great competitive assets in e-commerce and payments, and across our two businesses we will continue to focus on our customers, innovate and drive operating efficiencies to invest in growth. Now, Ill turn it over to Bob for more details on the quarter and our financial outlook before we take questions.
Bob Swan: Thanks John. During my discussion Ill reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless I clarify otherwise. Overall, we delivered strong second quarter results. We came in above our guidance on both the top and bottom line, despite the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. We continued to execute against our strategic priorities during the quarter. PayPal increased global share of e-commerce off of eBay and in coming back. Solid sold items growth was partially offset by lower ASPs. Were pleased with the results weve achieved in the first half of the year. PayPal is performing better than expectations and the marketplace business is on track with the plans we laid out at the beginning of the year. Geographically, Europe growth is up, Asia is in line and the U.S. is below our expectations. However, the stronger U.S. dollar will have a significant impact on both the top and bottom line. As a result, we are modestly adjusting full year guidance and Ill discuss this in more detail later in the call. Our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.2 billion in the second quarter, a 6% increase or 15%, excluding Skype from Q2 09. Foreign exchange decreased growth by 1 point and our acquisition of Gmarket increased growth by 3 points, resulting in organic revenue growth of 13%. Second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.40, an 8% increase or 18% excluding Skype. Non-GAAP operating margin was 29.1%, up 40 basis points from Q2 09. The year-over-year increases were primarily due to volume leverage and productivity gains, partially offset by a lower take rate. We generated $519 million of free cash flow in the quarter. CapEx as a percentage of revenue was 9%, which was higher than recent quarters due to the timing of some expenses for our new mega data center we opened in Utah this -- in the second quarter. For the full year we expect this rate to be up slightly versus last year. Return on invested capital was 22.8% on a trailing 12 month basis, the third consecutive quarter of improvement, reflecting higher earnings growth. Now lets take a closer look at our segment results. Starting with our payments business, PayPal posted another great quarter. Total payments revenue increased 22% to $817 million. Total payment volume increased 28% to $21.4 billion. Geographically, TPV growth was 23% in the U.S. and 37% internationally. We continued to expand our global footprint with 40% of our TPV from outside the U.S. for the quarter, compared to 38% in the second quarter of last year. PayPals merchant services business had another excellent quarter, driven by increases in the number of merchants who accept PayPal, the number of active accounts and our share of Checkout. Merchant Services TPV grew 43% in the quarter and now accounts for 61% of PayPals total TPV. On the eBay platform, PayPals TPV growth rate was 9%. Penetration of addressable GMV increased 420 basis points, which was driven by Germany, Australia and Italy. PayPals transaction margin was also strong, increasing to 62.8% in the quarter. Although global take rate was down 17 basis points and transaction expense was up modestly, these effects were offset by a significant improvement in transaction losses, which was primarily a function of better fraud detection and prevention, along with a shift of much of the cost of our Buyer Protection Program from PayPal to marketplaces. PayPals segment margin came in at 19.9% in the quarter, up 380 basis points year-over-year. The increase from last year was primarily the result of operating leverage on volume, higher transaction margins and improvement at BML. Now let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later. Bill Me Laters gross receivable balance at quarter end was $691 million, up 25%. The quality of the portfolio continues to improve and the charge-off rate has continued to decline, down to 8.6% from 9.5% in Q1 2010. Risk-adjusted margin improved 130 bips sequentially to 12.8%. Within the last year weve fully integrated Bill Me Later into the PayPal wallet, began testing Bill Me Later in eBay listings and started using eBay Inc. data with the goal of reducing the customer decline rate without taking on additional risk. Now lets move to our marketplaces business. Overall, marketplace has achieved net revenues of $1.4 billion, an 11% increase. Marketplaces FX neutral revenue accelerated 5 points from the first quarter, driven by a higher take rate, lower contract expense and higher ad-based revenues. Transaction revenue was up 12% and marketing services and other revenue was up 7%. Marketplaces generated 58% of its revenue internationally this quarter. Marketing services and other grew 7% in the quarter and represents 15% of marketplaces revenue. Our classifieds business grew 7% with strong growth coming from Canada and mobile.de. Total global advertising revenue increased 9%, driven by strength in Europe and APAC display advertising. A few quick highlights on marketplaces operational metrics, active users increased to 92 million, up 4% year-over-year. Sold items, excluding Gmarket grew 11%, geographically driven by the U.K. and Chinas cross-border trade. U.S. core GMV was 2% in the quarter, down 4 points from Q1. The decline was driven by lower ASPs due to broader selection of well priced inventory and reduced cross-border trade, primarily to Europe, as European currencies weakened. As John indicated earlier, we feel good about the expanded selection and better deals on the site, but we have work to do to increase velocity of sold items. International core GMV grew 20% or 21% on an FX neutral basis. The growth in both the U.K. and Germany continued to be strong and accelerated for the quarter. Chinas cross-border trade remains one of our fastest growing markets but was negatively impacted by the weakening of the euro and the British pound. Marketplaces segment margin was 40% in the quarter, down 220 basis points from a year ago. The main drivers of the change include increased investments to continue to build trust, value and selection, as well as, the inclusion of Gmarket, which we acquired in June of last year. These were partially offset by savings from our operational excellence initiatives. Global take rate was 8.03% in the quarter, up 16 bips from last year or up 10 bips excluding vehicles, StubHub and Gmarket. The take rate increase was driven by higher velocity on lower priced items and lower power seller discounts versus last year. Turning to operating expenses, in Q2 our operating expenses were 44% of revenue, essentially in line with last year. Weve invested more in product while leveraging our G&A infrastructure. We expect this trend to continue. From a cash perspective, we generated free cash flow of $519 million during the quarter. Cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments totaled $5.6 billion at quarter end. Of this, we held approximately $1.2 billion in the U.S. Now let me turn to guidance. We have outperformed our expectations for the first half of the year, but we exit the first half with a bit of caution. As we head into the second half, our guidance reflects a few things. First, PayPal will continue to perform well, second, European currencies will remain relatively weak versus the U.S. dollar and third, the U.S. e-commerce market will be relatively slow. The implications on these on our full year guidance we originally provided in January are as follows. PayPal will continue to perform well on the top and bottom line. For the full year, this will contribute an additional $100 million in revenue or $0.06 to $0.08 in earnings per share. Marketplaces is on track. Geographically, Europe growth is stronger, Asia is in line and the U.S. and cross-border trade are weaker. Third, the stronger dollar will hurt revenue by approximately $250 million or $0.09 to $0.11 in EPS for the full year. So for the full year we now anticipate revenue of $8.8 to $9.0 billion, representing growth of 9% to 11%, excluding Skype and we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $1.60 to $1.65, representing growth of 9% to 12% also excluding Skype. The implications on the third quarter are as follows. We anticipate revenue of $2.13 to $2.18 billion. This represents growth of 4% to 6%, excluding Skype. And we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.35 to $0.37, which represents growth of zero to 6%, excluding Skype. On a year-over-year basis we expect a stronger dollar to have a negative impact on Q3 results of approximately $70 million in revenue and approximately $0.02 in earnings per share. In summary, we had a strong first half with double-digit top and bottom line growth. Our global footprint is expanding, innovation is accelerating and ops excellence enables investments into trust, value and selection. PayPal has outperformed our expectations and the marketplace business is on track, and the stronger dollar creates real challenges given our global footprint. Were confident but cautious as we enter the second half of the year. And now wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question is coming from Sandeep Aggarwal.
Sandeep Aggarwal  Caris & Company: Thanks for taking my questions. Actually I have two questions. One is, John, the active user growth has accelerated for the marketplace. And this is a visible change versus the last four or five quarters, I was wondering what are the drivers for that growth? And secondly, if you can help us to compare and contrast a typical mobile user behavior in terms of propensity to buy at eBay.com, average order size and maybe total number of orders? Thank you.
John Donahoe: Sure Sandeep. Let take each of those in turn. In terms of active user growth, whats encouraging is that when you peel beneath the surface, whats happening is what weve been aiming toward, which is users are coming back more frequently and theyre buying more and that then is leading to new users because we think of the word-of-mouth. The market thats most pronounced in is in the U.K., where as I mentioned were growing faster than the market. Were growing in the mid teens in the U.K. and were beginning to see this dynamic where the site improve -- the site experience is improved, our existing customers like it, theyre coming back more frequently, buying more and were beginning to see a pickup in new users as well. So were far from being done with where we want to go and need to go, but we are encouraged by some of those signs. With respect to mobile users, here is whats interesting, is they are not pure mobile users or pure website users. They are a class of users who are using both devices. And what were seeing is, mobile increases the intensity of the number of times they touch eBay, the number of times they use eBay. And so someone may search for an item on their laptop or their desktop, put it into their My eBay and then they actually buy it the next day standing in line at a Starbucks or they may be standing in line at Starbucks, do a search, put it in their My eBay and actually close it later on their laptop. So were looking at mobile as an extension of the ways people interact with eBay rather than being a separate set of customers and so thats why we double down or continue to double down on mobile, and sure were innovating. This RedLaser applications something that we feel excited about because it again brings eBays 200 million listings to consumers when they are in stores and in the offline world. So mobiles increasing the intensity of interaction with eBay.
Bob Swan: And Sandeep, the only thing I would add on Johns first response to your first question is, while active users were up 4%, as you know, GMV was up 6%, but sold items were up 11%, so what were seeing is more frequency from our active user base. Now the challenge is to continue to increase that frequency and also bring back more users.
Sandeep Aggarwal  Caris & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Bob Swan: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And well take our next question from Imran Khan.
Imran Khan  JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hi. Thank you very much for taking my questions. I have one question. You talked about cross borders were down. Could you give us some sense how much cross borders were down on a year-over-year basis and how much U.S. GMV growth rate. Non-vehicle GMV growth rate was negatively impacted by the cross-border trade decline? Thank you.
Bob Swan: Yeah. Imran, cross-border trade, as you know, in our business for eBay is roughly 18% of volume and that didnt change dramatically year-over-year. What changed was the growth rate. Weve had very high growth rates, primarily out of greater China, China and Hong Kong, to our developed markets in Europe and in the U.S. And also cross-border trade from the U.S. to Europe is a net importer from both Asia and from the U.S. and we saw that demand slow dramatically. Relative to the U.S. GMV decline from 6% to 2%, 2 points of that was driven by lower cross-border trade and again, we saw a fairly direct tight correlation between the weakening of the European currencies and the demand on U.S. products throughout the course of the quarter. So, overall it was about 1 point in total. It was -- it impacted U.S. cross -- U.S. GMV more than rest of world and our challenge as we go into the second half of the year if currencies stay where they are, is how do we highlight some of the great deals of our European sellers and merchants into our stronger currency countries like the U.S.
Imran Khan  JPMorgan Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Bob Swan: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And well go with our next question coming from Scott Devitt.
Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Two please. The first one is just on the sold item growth, it was 13% last quarter, 11% this quarter and youve mentioned that through word-of-mouth thats driving new active users. I wonder if -- John if you could maybe talk about how you are thinking about marketing campaigns both internal with eBay Bucks and external campaigns in terms of driving increased usage with existing users, as well as, driving new users overtime, now that the marketplace is such a better place than its been in the past couple of years. And then secondly, Bob, could you update us on the top 100 penetration for merchant -- PayPal merchant services U.S. and Europe? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Sure Scott. On marketing, let me first make comment on something you said, I think the marketplace is in a better place than it has been in the last couple of years. But Im still not satisfied. So were, we laid out a three-year plan. We are halfway through it. And Im pleased with progress on some fronts but also believe we will make a lot more progress in the next six to 18 months. And the kind of thing I think youre going to really begin to see more of is things are now getting to the fashion experience on the core eBay business. Any of you that havent gone into that fashion tab, I would encourage you to go into it. In fact, you can check today the fashion wallet, we have TAG Heuer Watches, luxury off-price watches and youll see most of the mens watches are sold out already, but were bringing in new kinds of inventory. We ran one with Brooks Brothers last week and bringing in new kinds of inventory, and bringing it to life in very different ways. And so that fashion application, if you will, is the first vertical weve built on our new search platform and its a precursor of additional vertical experiences that will come over the next six to 18 months. And so with respect to marketing, the most valuable indicator of if our changes are working -- are our buyers buying more and then, are they coming back? In the second half this year we will spend roughly a comparable amount in marketing than we did in the second half of last year. Well probably lean in a little bit. Well spend a little bit more toward loyalty, eBay Bucks and a little bit less toward things like Microsoft cashback because obviously that program is stopping. And as we move into 2011, I believe we will be on a trajectory where our user experience say by midway next year will be in a place where I think we can go back to inactive eBay users and really market to them. So a lot of work to be done, weve got some tweaks to make in U.S. search, given the recent changes there. But Im confident we are on track, so to be in the right place over the next 12 to 18 months.
Bob Swan: And Scott, your question about top merchants and just overall, as John indicated, we just hit our third quarter in a row with PayPal merchant services growing by over 40%. So we feel pretty good about the traction relative on both small and medium sized merchants, as well as, large merchants. On the large merchants in the U.S., we got roughly 56 out of the top 100. 27 out of the top 100 in Europe and about 13 of the top 100 in Asia. So we continue to get again both small and medium sized merchants, while also getting this lighthouse large merchant in each one of the geographies around the world.
Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley & Co., Inc.: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Okay. Thank you, Scott. And well take our next question from Mark Mahaney.
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: Thanks. Just one question on the Merchant Services business, John, if you step back, what would be the greatest challenges to you being able to maintain 40% or a high 30%, 35%, 30% merchant services growth for the next year or two? What do you consider the greatest risks to that kind of very high growth rate? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Yeah. Its really three parts to our PayPal strategy, Mark, and its what Scott laid out at Analyst Day last year. The part that we are being very aggressive in executing on right now is simply merchant acquisition. And as Bob just mentioned, were adding new merchants both large and small in all regions of the world and frankly, we see a reasonable amount of run rate left in that. Second, weve -- were working to ensure we improve consumer preference, which is to say, again, its the frequency, the velocity, when I talk about our customer metrics, which is how frequently consumers use PayPal. Are they using PayPal every time they see it online? Its getting the lets be everywhere and then lets getting consumers using it everywhere. And I would say, were getting better at that. Were getting better at sort of basic marketing, basic consumer preference -- consumer frequency on PayPal. Then the third angle that is becoming increasingly important, frankly, is innovation. And whether that is digital goods, whether thats mobile payments, frankly, whether thats credit in BML. I mentioned earlier some of the innovative products on credit or whether its, frankly, were now getting pulled offline by some large merchants who view a mobile payments approach on PayPal as a way to extend their private label cards and other in-store experiences. So as you know, we opened up our platform to help us expand our capacity for innovation. So I dont see any one area as a risk. I just see a market that is quite large, where the opportunity is expanding and we need to ensure we execute well across all those fronts. And so if you were to hear both what Scott Thompson would be saying to his team and what Bob and I are constantly focusing on in PayPal, lets ensure we are executing on the opportunities that are in front of us.
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: Thank you, John.
Bob Swan: Yeah. Just, Marl, probably the two areas that we need to maintain massive diligence on are, to state the obvious, are the scalability of the infrastructure thats something we, our merchants continue to rely on us and weve got to in a rapidly growing business we stay way ahead of the demand from our consumers and merchants by having a scalable infrastructure. And the other one is, regulation -- the regulatory environment continues to change here and outside the U.S. and staying ahead of the regulatory environment. So those are the two things that we dont talk about much but the PayPal team is very focused on continuing to use scalability of our infrastructure and our ability to deal with a change in regulatory environment as challenges but also barriers to entry as we continue to grow. Thanks.
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: Thanks Bob.
Operator: Okay. Great. Thank you. And well take our next question coming from Spencer Wang.
Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a two-part question on marketplaces, I guess John, could you talk a little bit more about what the plans are to address the issues in the U.S. beyond the search issue? And then secondly, I guess for Bob, marketplace margins are down year-over-year through the first half. So do you still feel comfortable that margins on a full year basis from marketplaces will be flat year-over-year? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Sure Spencer. As I said early on, as I step back, were sort of halfway through this turnaround and frankly, were ahead of where I thought we would be in the U.K. and were behind where Id like to be in the U.S., at least on Q2. And so, Im not satisfied with where we are in Q2 but I do think were on the right path. And heres sort of the facts, as you know, we launched a significant pricing and search change on April 1 in the U.S. In essence the same change that we had done in the U.K. and Germany over the previous 12 to 18 months. And we knew the states are bigger because there simply were a lot more listings that were going to be impacted in the U.S. And so what weve seen is selection in core search is up. So the core search engine in the U.S. is now processing three times as many listings at the end of the quarter than it did at the beginning of the quarter, as the stores inventory and frankly, a lot of new listings came on. So selection is up for U.S. consumers in core search and theyre getting better deals, and we saw that in ASPs. ASPs frankly came down even more than we thought because a lot of the lower priced items from the store inventory now came in core search and people were buying them, so that we felt good about. What did not increase however was velocity? Sold item growth was 5% in the U.S. in Q2, that was the 2 points acceleration from Q1. And we want that to go up. We want that to go up overtime, as it has in Europe. And so were in the midst of making some adjustments in the format mix of auctions and fixed price. Weve brought a lot of the stores inventory came on in fixed price and we kept our exposure auction and fixed price exposure the same, and were now going to be increasing gently the fixed price exposure, as well as, ensuring that higher ASP items are getting appropriate visibility. So these are actually analogous to the fine tuning we had to do in Europe last year and were already on it, and we will be doing that over the next remainder of the year. And then were going to continue on the product innovation in the U.S., as well as, the rest of the world. CSA is our first launch. Were looking to go through additional verticals such as technology and parts and improving that user experience. And then the last thing Id highlight in the U.S. that I think, I know youll see us a little more from. eBay Buyer Protection, I mentioned that trust on eBay is improving. Interestingly, consumers or buyers that have had experience with the eBay Buyer Protection report significant increase of satisfaction after theyve had it, because they either got their item or they got their money back. And yet our research is saying actually not many users are yet aware of eBay Buyer Protection, so youll see us increasing the awareness around the eBay Buyer Protection, which youd hope continues to give U.S. consumers confidence that eBay is a trusted marketplace where they can find a wide selection of great deals. So our Lorrie Norrington and our U.S. team are very on top of executing between now and the remainder of the year.
Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse: Great. Thats helpful.
Bob Swan: Spencer, relative to the eBay business, operating margins, the second half of last year we were at about 42% and what we said at the time is we expected that to be roughly flat for the full year of 2010 and that hasnt changed. As you know Q1 was about 42%, the second quarter was 40% and we still expect full year to be 42%. And the dynamics havent really changed. Good productivity by doing things smarter for the most part take rate year on year will come down. Well spend more on product and more on trust, with the higher resolution -- the eBay Protections Program. And Gmarket on a year-over-year basis for the first half of the year weighs down margins a bit due to the mix effect. But for the full year, 42% last year and we expect that to be roughly the same during the course of this year.
Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And our next question is coming from Gene Munster.
Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon and congratulations. If you guys -- it sounds like the clothing vertical, the fashion vertical has been a hit and as you continue to kind of define eBay in the marketplace, I know a year and a half ago you talked a lot about that thats playing out now. Are there any other verticals that you could see putting an emphasis on to help really establish eBays value proposition I think in what can be a confusing e-commerce environment for consumers?
John Donahoe: Yeah. Sure Gene. What we said a year ago is that our source of differentiation, the thing that we were going to be known for was having the best deals on what we called the secondary market, increasingly we are calling it off-price inventory, right. It can be new inventory, it can be pre-owned inventory, but its off-price, think about it as the online outlet mall. And our target segments the shopping enthusiasts. And so we picked clothing as the first category to really focus on because its a large segment that frankly its not yet come online that much and it requires innovation to come online, because its almost unnatural act to buy clothing online because you want to try it on. And so its already was one of the largest categories on eBay with $5 billion in GMV. Weve brought a lot of additional inventory on, things like I mentioned earlier, the TAG Heuer watches in our fashion vault. If you go to the U.K. site, youll see fashion outlets and Savile Row has opened up a store on eBay where theyre selling off-price Savile Row suits. And Brooks Brothers and others, so were bringing on additional inventory and then that user experience youd see in the fashion tab on eBay or on the fashion app on iPhone is a more powerful way to bring that inventory to life for the shopping enthusiast. Now, I go through that because we will be repeating that same formula, if you will in consumer electronics, in auto parts and other categories over the next six to 18 months, where well go out and try to identify, what are the best sources of off-priced inventory? Our eBay sellers, the 25 million eBay sellers, provide a lot of that. But there are additional sources of inventory that we can now add on and scale. And so whether thats auto parts inventory or whether thats consumer electronics, were going to go out and acquire the inventory. And then with our new search platform, we have more capacity and more flexibility to build category specific search experiences. And youll see us over the next 12 to 18 months do that in technology and in auto parts, and then well just continue working our way down the line.
Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray: And just to baseline, today it really is apparel, is the one, probably your strongest vertical?
John Donahoe: Well, it has -- its the one where it best illustrates a different user experience, right, which is that fashion tab. The other area where were driving a different user experience obviously is mobile, the iPad app and the iPhone app. But these are the first areas where our platform isnt holding us back. In fact our platform -- we are building off of bit in a way that allows us greater flexibility and agility. And Mark Carges and his team have used clothing to be first. Were now doing some analogous things in the consumer electronics and technology sector, which is another large category in the eBay, and on the auto parts area, which is another large category in eBay.
Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray: Great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And our next question is coming from Steve Weinstein.
Steve Weinstein  Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thank you. When you were talking about the change you made in the U.S. and some of the difficulties youre seeing now, you said that was analogous to what happened in Europe as you first started the process. Im curious, can you tell us, after you made the changes in Europe, how long did it take you to tweak the model to get it to where you wanted? And do you think we can make a similar assumption about the U.S.? Can you also talk, what might be different about the U.S. market compared to what you were dealing with in Europe other than its just a lot bigger? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Sure. Let me just summarize what we did in Europe and then what the results were, and then Ill talk about the U.S. In Europe we actually made separate changes around auction pricing and around fixed pricing. In Germany and the UK, and so we made four different pricing changes across the two countries over what was a nine-month period in the Q4 of 08 and the first quarter of 09. And we did it because we werent certain of what the short-term impact would be and we wanted to make sure we moderated any risk. And after each one we made a series of adjustments to try to, if you will balance the marketplace. The net result was in the sort of latter half, lets say fourth quarter of 2009 we saw, particularly the U.K. marketplace, which is the first place we did it, start to have a good balance that where business sellers were listing in fixed-price format in volume and selling in fixed price format, and consumer sellers were listing in auction format, which was a better way for them to sell and that combination was leading to more velocity in the U.K. and in the German site. So and it took, is what I said in last quarter. It took two or three quarters for it to really work its way into a good place and we anticipate it to be the same thing in the U.S. Whats different about the U.S. was it felt riskier to do upfront because we had 50 million listings in stores. So we had roughly 30 million core listings, 50 million SIF listings that were not in core search. And coming out of the quarter we moved all 50 million of those SIF listings into core search and added 10 million new listings and frankly, our core search engine held up in Q2 in the U.S. But we held the auction, fixed price mix constant and thats what were now adjusting and will adjust between now and the end of the year. We are always quite thoughtful in search to make sure that we dont -- its such a powerful part of our site, we need to make sure that we dont overcorrect, but well make a series of incremental changes and that combined with the changes in trust, that combined with the changes in the vertical experiences that I described earlier, are what, the formula that were pursuing that we think will allow us to be the winner in the secondary market or off price market.
Steve Weinstein  Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And our next question is coming from Doug Anmuth.
Doug Anmuth  Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Two things, first, John, I was just hoping you could give some more color on your view on the macro environment here heading into the back half and on overall retail? And then secondly, an update potentially on the use of cash and is it possible for you to potentially bring back more cash from international at some point and whats the update on shifting the BML loan balance more toward international? Thanks.
John Donahoe: Sure. Maybe Ill take the first part and Bob, you take the second. In the macro environment, here is what we see and its not anything different than what the publicly reported numbers have been, which is, in the U.S. consumer spending softened each month during the quarter and you saw that in US retail sales, you saw that in U.S. e-commerce sales and we saw that on eBay and in the PayPal merchant services business in the U.S. So thats why, as Bob said, were cautious in the U.S. about the second half of the year in terms of a macro environment. The other macro factor we saw, again, Bob referenced earlier, is the -- in essence it was the weakening euro reduced imports to Europe both from the U.S. and from Asia. And so to call that a strengthening dollar or weakening euro, but it because Asia is pegged to the dollar, it had an impact on the exports out of the U.S. and exports out of Asia into Europe. And again, we dont see that really changing in the second half of the year, although, far be it for us to be predictors of currencies. So were focused on -- were trying to focus on what we can control and we cant control the macro environment. We have some caution around the macro environment, and were focused on what we can control, which is our user experience and our execution.
Bob Swan: And Doug, before addressing the cash, maybe Id put a fine point on Johns comments. And first, I would say that virtually every metric we look at both external metrics you see and our own internal metrics, particularly with PayPal and its visibility it has to a broader base of merchants and we did see a big slowdown in the end of May and during the course of June. And so that does, in terms of the guidance we provided, while we have some things that we feel great about, the guidance we provided is influenced by what Id characterize as a cautious outlook on the U.S. economy based on what happened in the month of June, so just a fine point on Johns comments. In terms of cash, yeah, weve had this opportunity/challenge for a while of having this strong balance sheet, wonderful cash position and how do we ensure we get that cash in the right place, so we have ultimate flexibility to deploy as appropriate. As you know, we are successful with very legitimate business purposes to bring a couple of billion dollars back, two years ago, $1 billion back at the end of last year. So we continue to look for ways to repatriate in a tax efficient manner. One of the possibilities is, we feel very good about the Bill Me Later loan portfolio and the prospects for growth here in the U.S. So that growth will be a user of cash. At the same time, wed love to be able to use our offshore cash in our Luxembourg bank to be the source of cash to finance that growth and thats something that we continue to pursue. And well keep you updated as we go but our challenge is great balance sheet, great cash flows, get it in the right place and have ultimate flexibility to do the things we think are going to drive long-term shareholder value.
Doug Anmuth  Barclays Capital: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Tracey Ford: Operator, we have time for one more call -- one more question, sorry.
Operator: Okay. Well take our last question for today from James Mitchell.
James Mitchell  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. And I apologize in advance for kind of wasting the last question on a super financial question. But I wonder if we could dive into the impact of FX a little bit, first of all, to what extent you are hedged for FX for the eBay and PayPal businesses entering the second quarter and then today? And then secondly, if I look at your full year guidance, a $0.10 reduction in EPS due to FX equates to about $130 million net income impact and about $160 million pre-tax income impact, which seems like quite a big number on the $250 million revenue impact?
Bob Swan: Okay. First, I think your first question, James, was related to our hedging coming into the second quarter and Ill macro and then deep dive. First, for the most part, we try to -- within a quarter try to hedge the lions share of our earnings at risk in the quarter. So we were fairly well protected coming into Q2. Obviously, what happened was revenue relative to our guidance was probably off by about $35 million due to currency changes. In terms of income or EPS, the negative impact was about [half cent]. So the $35 million topline challenges, we had hedged a portion of that and had a relatively modest impact on EPS in the quarter, relative to where we were on April 20th, whenever our last earnings call was. And so we try to protect our earnings within the quarter at the beginning of the quarter for the most part against dramatic swings. In terms of lower full year, the guidance we gave, the 250 and the $0.10, that was based on, we gave you our outlook for the year back in January and were trying to update where we were then and where we are now and isolating for currency. And the $250 million is simply at the simplistic level, over half of our business is outside the U.S. Its primarily the euro, the pound and the Aussie dollar. Those from the beginning of the year to today have depreciated quite a bit vis--vis the U.S. dollar and we need to bring those earnings back in the second half or for the full year. It did impact our EPS in the first quarter, it did impact it in the second quarter and through the first half I would say about $100 million topline and $0.03 bottom line weve already had to deal with. For the second half it will be another $150 million and $0.06 to $0.07 on the bottom line because a lot of our hedging goes in place at the beginning of the quarter. So full year $250 million, $0.10 in earnings, important to emphasize that the lions share of that will be offset by the progress and the momentum were seeing on the PayPal business both topline and through margin, operating margin expansion.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: So the $0.10 full year impact includes the impact of kind of re-hedging for the second quarter at a more adverse exchange rate and then re-hedging again for the third quarter and so forth?
Bob Swan: Exactly.
James Mitchell  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Bob Swan: Thank you.
John Donahoe: All right. Thanks everybody. Well talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. Everyone have a great day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen - Vice President, Investor Relations John J. Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President - Finance 
Analysts: Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse Doug Anmuth - Barclays Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray Collin Sebastian  Lazard Capital Markets Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Stephen Ju - RBC Capital Markets Mark Mahaney - Citi 
Operator: Welcome to eBay Incorporated's Q1 2010 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the program over to our speaker, Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Mark Rowen :  Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter 2010. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.  We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com.   Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.   In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full year of 2010; the focus of the payments and Marketplaces business units going forward; and future growth in the Marketplaces and payments businesses.   Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to; the continuation or worsening of the global economic downturn; changes in political, business and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses; our need to manage regulatory tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later, and the financial industry; and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable costs while adding new features and maintaining site stability.   You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, available at investor.ebayinc.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them. All information in the presentation is as of April 21, 2010 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this presentation.   With that said, let me turn the call over to John.  
John Donahoe:  Thank you, Mark and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our Q1 earnings call. Today I will talk about our results and our continued progress towards achieving our three-year growth objectives. Bob will then provide more details on the quarter and our guidance before we take questions.  I will start by providing context. Last year we set out clear three-year growth and profitability goals for 2009 to 2011. Goals to strengthen our position in our two core businesses, eBay and PayPal and to achieve strong financial performance. We are achieving these goals by focusing our company on three themes. First, we are becoming a more customer focused company. We are driving improvements to our user experience and we are measuring our success with three customer oriented metrics; net promoter score, velocity and market share. I have tied a portion of our leadership compensation to customer satisfaction.  Second, we are becoming a more technology driven company and we are increasing our commitment to innovation. This is evident with the opening of the PayPal platform which is driving payments innovation and it is demonstrated in mobile which is experiencing widespread adoption and driving significant e-commerce payment volume. We have made good strides with our technology innovation and we are just getting started.  Third, we are committed to operating more efficiently by taking $2 billion out of our cost structure over the three-year period and reinvesting it in our highest growth priorities. Our first quarter results reflect another strong step towards our goals. Revenue was up 18% and non-GAAP EPS was up 15% on an apples-to-apples basis taking Skype out. We are off to a good start in 2010.  Now lets take a brief look at what we accomplished in each business unit. With PayPal we are well on our way to turning PayPal into the leader in online global payments. Approximately 8 million merchants worldwide accept PayPal benefiting from the higher conversion rates that PayPal delivers with more than 84 million active registered accounts using 24 currencies across 190 countries. PayPal had another exceptional quarter posting record Q1 results and strengthening our global competitive position.  PayPals deepened penetration on eBay, gained global market share, signed a significant deal with China UnionPay and drove mobile payments innovation. Thousands of developers are using PayPals open platform which has already generated $30 million in TPV. PayPal is now a convenient and easy to use payments choice for Facebook users and advertisers.  Across e-commerce PayPal is gaining share. Merchant services payment volume grew 49% in Q1 and total payment volume exceeded $21 billion. Nearly 60% of PayPals total TPV now comes from merchant services. PayPal signed a number of deals in Q1 that expand its global footprint and help merchants reach more customers. For example, 1.3 billion Chinese consumers will soon be able to use PayPal to shop worldwide funding payments from their China UnionPay cards.  As part of our strategy to more closely partner with banks around the world, PayPal also announced agreements with Singapores largest bank, DBS and with First National Bank in South Africa. Both agreements give consumers in those markets a fast and easy way to use PayPal online.  PayPal is also leading in mobile payments, generating in Q1 almost the same payment volume that was created through our mobile application in all of 2009. PayPals newest mobile app for iPhone launched in March was downloaded more than one million times in less than three weeks. With PayPal mobile iPhone users can quickly bump payments to each other, easily split checks at restaurants and send and receive money from their friends and family while on the go.  In addition, our business continues to benefit from the combination of Bill Me Later and PayPal. We have been testing a new approval process that uses PayPals extensive data in addition to credit bureau data. This new process allows us to extend BML to a wider set of customers, giving consumers increased purchasing power and driving incremental sales to our merchants. We are already seeing promising results from the integration of BML in the PayPal Wallet and we plan to integrate BML more seamlessly into the eBay marketplace in the coming months.  Now turning to eBay we are in the midst of a multi-year turnaround, positioning eBay to win in the secondary market. We believe we are uniquely positioned to capture growth opportunities for sellers in the secondary market and provide tremendous value and selection for buyers on new, used and vintage goods. The launch of our new fashion category as well as eBay buyer protection and our innovative eBay mobile apps for the iPhone and iPad reflect our efforts in Q1 and demonstrate eBays potential as the e-commerce landscape continues to evolve.  Our Q1 results show the steady progress we are making against our turnaround priorities. Marketplace revenue grew 13% and the key underlying metrics continue to improve with our focus on trust, value and selection. Net promoter scores were up for key segments such as top and active buyers and top and hobby sellers. Sold items in the U.S. and U.K. and core GMV in the U.S. accelerated for the fourth consecutive quarter. Our Korean also performed well as we successfully integrate G-Market and IAC.  Our most trusted sellers continue to win on eBay. Top rated sellers generated about 31% of core GMV in the U.S. and same store sales for top rated sellers accelerated three points to 13% in the U.S., outpacing e-commerce. We also announced a number of changes in Q1 to make eBay pricing more competitive for sellers and improve the eBay experience for buyers. It is too early to assess the impact of these changes since most just went live in the last couple of weeks but we continue to align our success with that of eBay sellers by dramatically lowering and even eliminating the up-front costs of selling on eBay and we believe these changes in the U.S. will have the same positive impact we have seen in Europe.  For buyers we have implemented eBay Buyer Protection in the U.S. and the U.K., a big step in making sure buyers can shop eBay with confidence. eBay Buyer Protection adds a new level of customer support and trust to the worlds largest online marketplace. Through eBay Buyer Protection buyers have access to customer support specialists 7 days a week and will cover the buyers purchase price and original shipping for most purchases should a problem arise and a seller be unable to resolve the issue. eBay Buyer Protection along with our vehicle and business equipment protection programs covers almost every item purchased on eBay.  eBays newly launched fashion category illustrates how we are delivering better experiences for buyers in servicing and more compelling ways the deep inventory that eBay sellers offer. The fashion tab and category on eBay delivers a dramatically different eBay shopping experience, offering the convenience of visual search and features that will help buyers more easily find the items they want.  We introduced Fashion Outlet in the U.K. and Germany and launched Fashion Vault in the U.S. which was successfully piloted in the fourth quarter. We are pleased with the progress we are making in positioning eBay as a fashion destination offering great value and selection from top brands, retailers, designers and other sellers.  So we are starting from a strong position as the number one clothing site based on sales and traffic and we begin to expect traction from these initiatives in Q2 and beyond. In fact, we expect to generate more than $5 billion in GMV from clothing, shoes and accessories.  Mobile continues to be a focus of innovation for eBay and our mobile apps are driving strong demand. Our main eBay shopping app has been downloaded more than 8.5 million times and we expect our mobile apps to generate $1.5 billion in gross merchandise volume in 2010. That is 2.5 times our volume last year. In the first quarter we offered and introduced more apps offering more ways to buy and sell on eBay. Our new eBay selling app lets sellers conveniently list an item from their iPhone in less than 60 seconds and we launched a new eBay app for the iPad that delivers a more visual and easy to shop mobile experience in what the New York Times called the best shopping experience on the web.  Turning to our adjacent e-commerce formats, our classifieds business was up 14% in Q1 with strong growth in Canada, the U.K. and Denmark. At the end of Q1 we also announced eBay classifieds in the U.S., relaunching our strategic platform with major enhancements that create industry leading standards in trust, safety, consumer service and user experience. We also introduced the eBay classifieds mobile app for the iPhone making it easy to photograph and list items in less than a minute and search for items in your local community.  StubHub also had a solid quarter as ticket demand for professional and college sporting events such as the Super Bowl and March Madness was strong. StubHub continues to gain momentum as the tickets marketplace that offers the most choice and availability.  So in summary, 2010 is off to a strong start as we continue to strengthen our core e-commerce business and aggressively grow payments. We accomplished a great deal in the first quarter building on our 2009 momentum. And we are performing well against our three-year goals. I am pleased with how we are strengthening the fundamentals of our business, enhancing our competitive advantages and focusing on our customers and driving innovation.  Now I will turn it over to Bob for more details on the quarter and our financial outlook. 
Robert Swan :  Thanks John. During my discussion I will reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless I clarify otherwise.  Overall, we delivered strong first quarter results. We came in at the high end of expectations on the top line and above expectations on the bottom line while we increased the financial strength of the company. We continued to execute against our strategic priorities during the quarter. PayPal gained market share off of eBay and increased penetration on eBay as total TPV growth accelerated for the fourth consecutive quarter. The marketplaces turnaround remains on track as growth in velocity or the number of sold items accelerated for the fourth quarter in a row.  We are pleased with the results we achieved this past quarter which gives us a good head start on our full-year objectives. We are maintaining full-year guidance as the strong trends at PayPal and the improvement from the turnaround at eBay Marketplaces will be offset by headwinds from a stronger U.S. dollar.  Our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.2 billion in the first quarter, a 9% increase or 18% excluding Skype from Q1 2009. FX increased growth by three points and our acquisition of G-Market increased growth by four points resulting in organic revenue growth of 11%.  First quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.42, an 8% increase or 15% excluding Skype. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to productivity gains which we reinvested in a lower take rate and this in turn helped achieve higher sales volume. We also recognized a one-time benefit of approximately $0.01 during the quarter related to the early repayment of Skype notes to us. Also worth noting, relative to guidance the strength of the U.S. dollar cost us $0.01 of EPS in the quarter.  Non-GAAP operating margin was 30.6% roughly flat with the year-ago period. We generated $266 million of free cash flow in the quarter. Cash flow was reduced by a one-time tax payment of approximately $200 million related to a fourth quarter 2009 business restructuring which allowed us to move $1.1 billion in cash to the U.S. from overseas. It was also reduced by a higher employee bonus payment versus the historical norm of approximately $50 million related to a change in the timing of bonus payments.  CapEx as a percentage of revenues was 7% for the quarter. Return on invested capital was 22.5% on a trailing 12-month basis, the second consecutive quarter of improvement. Earnings growth coupled with lower invested capital is a result of the sale of 70% of Skype drove the improvement.  Now lets take a closer look at our segment results. Starting with our payments business PayPal posted another great quarter. Total revenue increased 26% to $809 million. Total payment volume increased 35% to $21.3 billion. Geographically, TPV growth was 25% in the U.S. and 52% internationally. Today, as John indicated, we operate in 190 countries and 24 currencies as we continue to expand PayPals global footprint.  In the first quarter we generated 40% of our TPV outside of the U.S. compared to 35% in the first quarter of 2009. PayPals merchant services business had another stellar quarter driven by an increase in the number of merchants who accept PayPal, the number of active accounts and an increase in our share of [checkout]. Merchant services TPV grew 49% in the quarter and now accounts for 3/5 of PayPals total TPV.  On the eBay platform, PayPals TPV growth accelerated to 18%, the fourth consecutive quarter of improvement driven by strong GMV growth and 68% penetration of addressable GMV, a 420 basis point increase. PayPal transaction margin was also strong, increasing to 63.5% in the quarter. Although global take rate was down modestly we were able to offset this decline with lower transaction expense and a significant improvement in transaction losses which was primarily a function of better fraud detection and prevention.  PayPal segment margins came in at 22.6% in Q1, up 480 basis points from Q4 and 520 basis points year-over-year. The increase from last year was primarily the result of higher transaction margins helped by some one-time benefits, operating leverage on volume, transferring much of the cost of the eBay Buyer Protection program to Marketplaces and improvement at Bill Me Later.  Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later. Bill Me Laters gross receivable balance at quarter end was $641 million. The quality of BML receivables has continued to improve which has resulted in reduced growth but we believe this is the right tradeoff for the current economic environment. We began using eBay Inc. data to help reduce the customer decline rate without taking on additional risk. BMLs net charge off rate decreased to 9.5% in the quarter from 11.1 in Q4 resulting in a risk adjusted margin of 11.5%, 120 basis point sequential improvement.  Now lets move to our Marketplaces business. Overall Marketplaces achieved net revenues of $1.4 billion, a 13% increase. Marketplaces generated 60% of its revenue internationally this quarter up from 54% in Q1 2009. We continue to be pleased with the strong double digit growth we are seeing in our fixed price format with fixed price now accounting for more than 60% of GMV excluding vehicles. On an FX neutral basis, GMV in our fixed price format grew at 33% while the auction format declined 3% and vehicles was down 7%.  Beyond transaction revenue we connect buyers and sellers through alternative formats which are becoming increasingly important to the marketplaces. Marketing services now represents 15% of marketplaces revenue and grew 12% in the quarter. Our class five business continued its strong trajectory with 14% growth due to strength in Canada, U.K. and Denmark. Total global advertising revenue increased by 12% driven by strong growth in ad commerce, our internally developed CPC based advertising solution for sellers as well as higher revenue per click on our search advertising.  A few quick highlights on Marketplaces operational metrics. Active users accelerated in our three largest markets. However, globally this was offset by weakness in some of our smaller European markets. Sold items excluding G-Market accelerated for the fourth straight quarter to 13%, geographically driven by strength in the U.K., cross border trade out of China and the U.S. Marketplaces segment margin was 42% in the quarter, down 310 bips from a year ago but in line with our full-year guidance. The main drivers of the year-over-year change include savings from operational initiatives which we then reinvested into a lower take rate and new Buyer Protection programs as well as the inclusion of G-Market which we acquired in June of last year.  Global take rate was 7.6% in the quarter, down 41 bips from last year or down 49 bips excluding vehicles, StubHub and G-Market. The decline is primarily due to a reduction in feature fees, an increase in buyer incentives and discounts given to our highest rated sellers.  Turning to operating expenses in Q1 sales and marketing was 19% of revenue up 70 bips from last year primarily due to the acquisition of G-Market and the divestiture of Skype. Product development was 8.3%, down 20 bips as productivity gains and acquisitions more than offset the negative impact of the Skype divestiture.  G&A cost was 10.7%, a decrease of 70 bips predominately due to operating leverage. Our provision for transaction and loan losses was 4.8%, up 80 bips primarily due to our new eBay Buyer Protection program and PayPals newly enhanced off-eBay protection program.  From a cash perspective we generated free cash flow of $266 million during the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, cash flow was reduced by a one-time tax payment of approximately $200 million and changes in bonus payments compared to last year. Cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments totaled $5.4 billion at quarter end. Of this we held approximately $1.1 billion in the U.S.  Now let me turn to guidance. For Q2 we anticipate revenue of $2.15-2.2 billion. This represents growth of 11-14% excluding Skype. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.37 to $0.39 which represents growth of 9-15% excluding Skype. As I mentioned earlier we are maintaining full-year guidance. Despite strength from PayPal and improvements from the Marketplaces turnaround these positives will essentially be offset by a stronger U.S. dollar compared to where we were three months ago.  For the full-year 2010 we continue to project revenues of $8.8-9.1 billion representing growth of 9-12% excluding Skype and we continue to anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $1.63 to $1.68 representing growth of 11-14% also excluding Skype.  In summary, as John mentioned we committed our three year growth and profitability goals in early 2009. Since that time, first we have a stronger and more focused portfolio. We divested the majority of Skype and we acquired G-Market. We completed the integration of Bill Me Later and the PayPal Wallet and we had a stronger balance sheet.  Secondly, we exceeded our expectations in 2009 and growth accelerated in the second half of the year. Last, we are off to a good start with 2010. Despite headwinds from a stronger U.S. dollar we are well positioned to deliver on our full-year guidance.  Now we would be happy to answer your questions. Operator?  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse. 
Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse: On PayPal the decline in the take rate at PayPal I know there are a bunch of things that go into that but should we expect a similar kind of year-over-year decline for the balance of the year? Secondly, the transaction expenses you mentioned a couple of one-time benefits. Could you give a bit more color on what that was and the rough size? 
Robert Swan :  Just in terms of take rate, we saw a 22 bip decline year-over-year and a modest uptick from the fourth quarter. I think we do expect take rate to come down more during the course of the year. To put it into context, the way we try to think about the business is more looking at transaction margins which are a function of obviously take rate. Secondly, transaction expenses and third, fraud losses. The reason we do it that way is simply in some geographies take rates may be lower but transaction expenses may be lower as well. Particularly as we grow outside the U.S. we do have lower take rates outside of the U.S.  As you know from our results the growth rates internationally have been very strong. We do expect global take rate to come down but we also expect transaction margins to stay above 60%. In terms of one-timers in the quarter in PayPals variable costs, there was probably about 1.5-2 points of margin benefit from PayPal due to some one-timers flowing through transaction expense and fraud losses. So while margins accelerated 500 bips year-over-year probably [3] bips is more sustainable improvement on a year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter basis. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth  Barclays. 
Doug Anmuth - Barclays: On the marketplaces, curious how you will know when it is really the right time to sort of push more on the buyer side perhaps in terms of marketing and advertising? What your plans are there. Then, secondly in terms of the international GMV deceleration on an organic basis from the last quarter you mentioned some weakness in smaller European markets. Do you think that is more macro oriented or just a little bit more color there. 
John Donahoe :  You know what is fun about Q1 was we had some product advancements that buyers can really see now. eBay Buyer Protection which we really put the foundation in last year, we now in the U.S. and U.K. can communicate buy on eBay and you are completely covered. We think that is going to have real cut through to buyers where they can now reach a customer service rep anytime they have a problem. Usually those issues are resolved with sellers but if not we give them their money back plus shipping and we have gotten very good feedback on that.  Similarly, you see the clothing shoes and accessories launch a couple of weeks ago and that is really the first tailored vertical shopping experience that is built on our platform and I think you see it is a way that really brings eBays inventory to life in a very different way for buyers and allows them to access eBays inventory in easier and more engaging ways.  These are just the first two of what I think will be a series of buyer related improvements you will see over this coming year. As I have said all along I want to make sure our experience gets to the point where buyers can constantly know and see they are experiencing something differently and we will at that stage really amp up our marketing. To be clear we are spending the same amount on marketing this year thus far as we did last year and we will continue to do that. I want to keep making the steady progress we are. Our buyer metrics are improving. Our customer retention is improving. One quarter at a time towards this 3-year goal. 
Robert Swan :  Relative to the international growth globally our non-vehicle GMV was up 8% which is roughly in line with the fourth quarter. Underneath the [inaudible] U.S. GMV accelerated by two points Q4 to Q1 and international GMV was down by roughly 2 points. I think there are a series of things going on. First, as to what is execution and what is macro environment, first I would say in the U.K. strong performance, great execution.  If I characterize then Australia and Korea, strong performance and good macroeconomic environment. Germany I think was okay performance and a tough economic environment. The rest of Europe I would say is a combination of both. Average performance and economic environment not so good. By that I mean particularly Western Europe both active users and GMV declines in those markets. So it is a little bit of good performance, some good macro and some not so good. GMV growth flat with Q4. U.S. accelerating and international down a bit. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray. 
Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray: If you could please go through what the impact in the change on listing fees is having on the number of listings or what that has been over the past few weeks? Maybe give some sort of feel in terms of how that is impacting the overall search results as well? 
John Donahoe :  I cant comment on the actual impact of the changes because it is only two weeks old. What I can say is this. What we have done in the U.S. is very similar to what we did in Europe a year ago or a little over a year ago where we are in essence incenting consumer sellers to list in the auctions format by making that virtually free when they list in the auctions format and they only pay if it sells and they pay a flat rate which is really what our research had told us consumers would prefer; something simple and easy.  Then for the smaller business seller or people that sell a lot of volume on eBay we are incenting them to sell in the fixed price format, making that in essence free or quite low price to list in a fixed price format. Again, they only pay if it sells. As you know, auctions are sorted by time ending soonest. Fixed price is sorted or searched by in essence relevance or best match. What we found in Europe was that allowed both groups of sellers to list in their most natural format and allowed the richness of inventory to become more clear and pop better for buyers. We saw improvement in sold items and improvement in GMV. We anticipate the same reaction in the United States as it plays out over the remainder of the year.  The other thing that happens as part of that is we no longer have the store inventory format and so the fixed price items are now all in sort of core search and what we have proven in Europe is our search engine can take that. These are things that were proven out in Europe and will take time to sort of work their way into initially our listings and into demand but we feel good about the impact it will have on the U.S. business over the remainder of the year. 
Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray: When we will see given those dynamics, should we start to see more of an improvement in marketplace in the June quarter or as you are saying will it take several quarters to kind of take hold? 
John Donahoe :  The timeframe, if I were to take what happened in Europe I would say it took 2-3 quarters to really fully work their way through. They first change their listing practices and then buyers get used to them and we will start really assessing the impact in the summer to fall timeframe. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Collin Sebastian  Lazard Capital Markets. 
Collin Sebastian  Lazard Capital Markets:  Following this latest round of changes I think you talked about before perhaps 2-3 rounds of changes for the year. If you could clarify if that is still the plan and directionally what the timing is for those changes and directionally what they might impact. Then secondly on PayPal I think Scott had talked about some expansion in Asia there. I am also curious about the timing of that and if there are any added expenses associated with those moves baked into your guidance now for the year? 
John Donahoe :  On the marketplace changes what we have done is we have bunched those into two releases which makes it easier for sellers. Sellers like the advanced warning and like to know they can really make two sets of changes in the year. We have tended to make those in March and in September and announce them 60-90 days ahead of time. So we will have a second wave of changes this year. Again this is a year where you are going to see a lot of the foundational work we did in 2008 and 2009 begin to flow through to things that buyers can touch and feel. Things like the vertical shopping experience and clothing, shoes and accessories; things like [inaudible] in auto parts which is in essence a significantly simplified selling in that category for eBay and things like eBay Buyer Protection. So more things like that you will see in the next release.  With respect to Asia, Bob and I were in Asia last week in fact visiting with the PayPal team and there is just really, really impressive growth frankly in both eBay and PayPal businesses in Asia as cross-border continues to be quite strong in that market. What PayPal has done that I mentioned earlier in my remarks is signed some deals with financial services entities that give us access to local Asian customers that may not be on eBay. So the China UnionPay deal allows us access to 1.3 billion Chinese consumers. China UnionPay by the way is a total of 2.1 billion overall cardholders.  So now it is easier for them to open a PayPal account and fund it with that. We signed deals in Singapore and in South Africa which again allow local consumers in those markets to access PayPal more readily and we are doing some interesting things on the mobile front.  In Japan we have signed deals with several of the largest payments gateways which give us access to both Japanese merchants and then we are talking with a couple of Japanese financial services [concerns] about doing the same thing to access Japanese consumers. So I think a lot of growth opportunity. Your question on guidance I am going to give Bob a chance to comment on guidance which I know some people were curious about. 
Robert Swan :  I think we have been spending quite a bit of time on expanding our global footprint in PayPal in Asia. As John indicated we have a fantastic cross-border business there and a great domestic business in Australia but the moves we have been making since really early last year has been about building domestic presence over there. So we have a reasonable sized business today. It has been growing extensively and it will continue to grow this year and all of the costs that go along with it are reflected in the guidance we have given.  Relative to the more macro question on guidance that maybe you didnt ask but I will comment anyways. I gave some words in the script and maybe I want to put some numbers to it to make sure you have the context for how we are thinking about the full-year. I will give you maybe the simple version. We came into the year with earnings projected to be $1.63 to $1.68 and I gave some words about how we are thinking about the rest of the year and how we get back to our full-year guidance. Maybe I can put some numbers to them.  First the negatives, as you know we are a global business with more than half of our revenues from off-shore. A couple of billion dollars in revenue exposed to the Euro and $1 billion of revenue exposed to the Pound. The implications of how currencies have changed in particular the strengthening of the dollar in the last 90 days will cost us approximately $125 million in revenue and $0.05 in EPS relative to where we were 90 days ago.  Secondly, our tax rate is going to be a little bit higher this year than what we thought and the reason is our U.S. business is going to be stronger. That higher tax rate will likely cost us a couple of cents relative to where we were 90 days ago. So that is $0.07 down. We maintained our guidance for the full-year and that is because of two things. One, PayPal will grow faster than we expected a few months ago and its margins will be higher. And we are increasingly confident 90 days later about the changes we are making in the marketplaces business.  So as we think about our full-year guidance for eBay Inc. not [only] the costs in the Asian business and PayPal, we will be down $0.07 because of currency and tax rate and we will be up $0.07 because of good operational performance in the PayPal business and continued progress in core eBay business as well. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan. 
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Can you talk a little bit about how the [inaudible] acquisition impacts the payment space? I think they talked about they might reduce exposure in the merchant service business. Is this an opportunity for merchant service to add clients for PayPal as they shift to [merchant] businesses? Secondly, not to nitpick, I think on slide 13 it seems like your global activity has declined sequentially despite the market acceleration. Can you give us some color on the sequential decline? That would be very helpful. 
John Donahoe :  I will take the first one while Bob looks for page 13. On the payments, first of all let me make a prediction which is you are going to see lots of announcements around online payments and mobile payments in the coming months. That is simply because payments is a large and competitive space and lots of people participate in one form or another. Rather than comment on any specific announcement or competitor let me just say this, we continuously closely monitor the competitive landscape and feel confident about our position and our competitive advantages and feel more confident about those as the days go on.  We get this combination of scale and speed. We primarily look at what customers want. Actually we look at it much more from a customer perspective than a competitive landscape and what you see from the PayPal numbers is our customers like what we are doing. The specific things I think we have that are unique is we have direct relationships with both consumers and merchants. We dont have to work through issuing banks or acquiring banks. We have 80 million active consumers and 8 million merchants. So as you said, I think there are additional opportunities to add merchants following this acquisition and we will certainly get very aggressive to be adding those.  It is that kind of direct relationship that gives the data that allows us to do the risk detection and fraud prevention we do and that combined with our technology platform allows us to innovate more rapidly what we have done with our platform, opening up our platform, which no other payments platform in the world has done, what we are doing in mobile where there are a lot of people talking about it. We have already launched two apps and really did more volume in Q1 than we did all last year in mobile payments. In digital goods we are pushing forward. I think you are going to see lots of different movements in the broader e-commerce competitive space. We are staying very focused on our consumers and feel very good about the combination of scale and speed we bring to being the leader in online global payments. 
Robert Swan :  In regard to the active users for the marketplaces business the comments I gave on accelerated growth in the biggest markets was a year-over-year comment. What you are referring to is a sequential decline from Q4 to Q1. That has a bit to do with two things; one is a strong holiday season which ramps up fourth quarter active users and then a deceleration both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter in our Western Europe markets. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Can you talk about your new Buyer Protection on marketplace? I think you mentioned PayPal how that could possibly affect results? Secondly, any thoughts or update on opportunity or drivers to essentially spin out PayPal? Is that something that even makes sense for you at all well down the road? 
John Donahoe :  Let me take the latter first and I will simply just repeat what I have said before which is we continue to believe the best way to drive long-term value for our customers and investors is by keeping these two businesses together. There continues to be strong synergies between eBay and PayPal. You saw that in the increased penetration PayPal has had on eBay. It is up I think almost 300-400 basis points year-over-year. eBay continues to provide a significant number of new users for PayPal in essence for free and eBay Inc.s balance sheet allows us to invest in PayPals business and make investments like Bill Me Later that further its position.  As long as those synergies are there we are going to try to fully capitalize on them and believe it is the best thing to do for our customers and investors. Then on eBay Buyer Protection this is a nice capstone of stuff we have been working on for the last 12-18 months where we have materially reduced bad buyer experiences. We have increased trust on the site. We have put in place from a standing start; we had no phone coverage for buyers 12 months ago. We now have in essence full phone coverage for buyers in both the U.S. and the U.K. What this allows us to do with confidence is to say buy on eBay and you are covered. Almost no questions asked. What our research says is even though buyers are seeing better experiences this kind of guarantee is going to give them that real sense of confidence they can buy with confidence. The early feedback we are getting from consumers in the U.S. and U.K. mention that. It does result in a shifting of a little bit of cost from payout of losses from PayPal to eBay but overall net/net we dont see that as a major reason. It raises one margin slightly lower than another. We are confident enough we dont see it having a material impact on the company overall. Financially that is, but we do hope it will have a material impact on our consumers. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs. 
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: To follow-up to Justins question on Buyer Protection can you approximately size the dollar impact of the costs that were previously incurred by the PayPal business unit and are now incurred by the marketplace business unit? 
Robert Swan :  It is approximately $8 million in Q1 that historically would have been in PayPals losses which is now in Marketplaces losses. 
John Donahoe :  Here was a fascinating thing we found out last year. This is where the testing and learning and how we approach many of these changes makes sense. So we started off a year ago by saying we were certain people just wanted their money back instantly. So when we first highlighted this Buyer Protection we did it just with the top buyers in the U.S. and they called and we gave them their money back instantly. What we found is that is not what they wanted. They said you know what, I just want the item. So we started intermediating with the sellers more aggressively and helping connect the buyer with the seller in the after-transaction and we found that in 70-80% of the cases they got it resolved within 24-48 hours and the buyer was happy.  They preferred that to getting their money back. What that has enabled us to do is to scale this in a way that is far more aggressive because what it is in essence doing is connecting the buyer and seller in post-transaction to make sure they resolve the transaction in a satisfactory manner and then if at any time if the buyer would just rather get their money back we provide it. It was fascinating learning to find that in most cases they just want to get their item and they want to get their item and they want to get their item in a timely and accurate basis and in 80% of the claim filings that is what is happening. That is why Bobs number of $8 million which sounds so small it is because for every 10 calls that come 8 of them are getting resolved between buyer and seller. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju - RBC Capital Markets. 
Stephen Ju - RBC Capital Markets: You mentioned small businesses are receiving the fee adjustment incentive right now in the second quarter. Did most of your larger volume sellers already receive these incentives in the first quarter? Sticking with the Asia related PayPal questions here, from what I was given to understand PayPal is not the dominant payment methodology on the auction platform G-Market in Korea. What is different about the Korean market? Why is PayPal not used as prevalently in that market? 
John Donahoe :  The pricing change was just one pricing change and in essence it says anyone that sells more than 50-100 items a month on eBay to use the fixed price format because you buy a store and a subscription and that gives you access to lower insertion fees. So where you draw the line between small or larger businesses, anyone that sells more than 50-100 items per month on eBay is in essence probably better economically to sell them in a fixed price format.  Secondly, payments in Korea is escrow. In that way it is different than most any other market except for the domestic Chinese market. We have an escrow system built into Internet Auction Company and in essence escrow systems built into G-Market. So that is why that market is different. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney  Citi. 
Mark Mahaney - Citi: On the payment segment margins for the balance of the year would you give any comments on marketplaces segment margins for the balance of the year? One question on Germany and the U.K. the GMV trends the last couple of quarters did give this tentative evidence that some of those Marketplace changes you implemented had a real impact on those markets. It is unclear from the March quarter results whether that is the case but is it clear to you from your internal data that GMV acceleration in the German and U.K. market in the second half of last year continued into the March quarter? 
Robert Swan :  I think the first was related to margins in the marketplace business. Back in January we indicated our expectation for full-year 2010 is marketplace margins to be roughly 42%. That is off of 40% in Q4. Q1 was 42% so we kind of expect that to continue throughout the course of the year. 
John Donahoe :  On the U.K. and Germany to be honest what I am really looking at is our competitive position in each of these markets and I would say that we continue to gain share in the U.K. Sold items and GMV growth are both very strong. The U.K. e-commerce market is surprisingly strong. The market is growing more quickly as offline comes online and we are growing more quickly than the market. The German market, as Bob said the e-commerce market is now growing as fast.  The economy and e-commerce market is lagging behind and I would say our competitive position is holding steady there. It improved in 2009 and it held its position in the first quarter of this year. So again I feel good about the changes we made there in 2009 and we will bring those to the U.S. in 2010 and I feel good about what we added in both markets in the first quarter of this year.  I will wrap up by saying what I say every time and it is absolutely how we are approaching things. I feel good about the progress but we have a lot of work to do and it is just one quarter at a time. There is no doubt we are seeing growing traction as these changes begin to build on top of each other. More to come 90 days from now. Thanks everyone for listening. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude todays program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. Attendees you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen - Vice President, Investor Relations John J. Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President - Finance
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - Citi Doug Anmuth - Barclays James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Stephen Ju - RBC Capital Markets Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse Heath Terry  FBR Capital Markets Brian Pitz - UBS 
Operator: Hello and welcome to eBay Incorporated's fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn it over to Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Mark Rowen : Thank you, Kevin. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year of 2009. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.  We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call.  This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com.  Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.  In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the first quarter and full year of 2010; the focus of the payments and marketplaces business units going forward; and future growth in the marketplaces and payments businesses.  Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to: the continuation or worsening of the global economic downturn; changes in political, business and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses; our need to manage regulatory tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later, and the financial industry; and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable costs while adding new features and maintaining site stability.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, also available at investor.ebayinc.com.  You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them.  All information in the presentation is as of January 20, 2010 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this presentation.  With that said, let me turn the call over to John. 
John J. Donahoe: Thank you, Mark and good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our Q4 earnings call. Today I will talk about our results from both the Q4 and full year perspective, and I will then outline our key priorities for 2010 before turning it over to Bob for more details on the quarter and our 2010 Q1 and full year guidance. Let us start by taking a quick look at our Q4 results. Revenue growth was up 16% to $2.4 billion; non-GAAP EPS was up 9% to $0.44 and we generated free cash flow of almost $600 million.  In addition, we successfully completed the sale of 70% of Skype for approximately $1.9 billion. This move allows us to focus our energies on our two core businesses, payments and marketplaces. All in all, we had a strong Q4 with both of these core businesses accelerating sharply from the third quarter. Lets take a look at what we have accomplished in each business unit in Q4, and for the year.  PayPal posted terrific results, significantly expanding its global presence. For the first time, PayPals total payment volume past $20 billion in a single quarter. PayPal is truly a global business, now supporting 24 currencies in 190 markets with 81 million active accounts.  In 2009 for the first time annual revenue and TPV from PayPals Merchant Services business exceeded PayPals volume on eBay. And PayPals volume is predicated on a core, fundamental strength: merchants realize higher conversion rates when PayPal is available as a payment option. By almost every measure, PayPals strengthened its competitive position in Q4. Total revenue and TPV both grew significantly year over year. Penetration on eBay increased 3 points year over year, PayPals Merchant Services business once again delivered very strong performance, with TPV growth of 50% in Q4. This growth is global. In the U.S., PayPals Merchant Services TPV grew at 10X the market growth rate for ecommerce. International Merchant Services TPV grew 80% year over year, and volume from outside the U.S. now accounts for 40% of PayPals total TPV. PayPal continues to leverage this unique global footprint by making it easy to send and receive payments across borders. In fact, cross-border trade now accounts for almost 25% of PayPals total payment volume. And PayPal continues to drive further penetration in major markets. For example, in Japan PayPal has signed agreements with five of the countrys leading gateways, representing over $14 billion in new addressable TPV. We also became the first major payment platform to open up to third-party developers, a move which will accelerate PayPal adoption and innovation. Since opening the PayPal platform in early November, more than 12,000 developers have signed up and the first payment applications have already launched. Simply put, PayPal is leveraging its advantages for merchants and consumers and rapidly expanding our global presence. PayPal is well on its way to becoming the preferred online payment provider around the world.  Turning to eBay, our Q4 results demonstrate continued progress as we improve value, selection and trust, and turnaround this business. Marketplace revenue grew 15% in Q4, but more important, our progress is evident across the three underlying metrics we are using to measure our success. Net promoter scores for both buyers and sellers are up significantly in our major markets. Sold items accelerated for the third consecutive quarter, up 11% globally year over year and core GMV growth also accelerated for the third consecutive quarter. In fact, in most of our major markets we were able to grow at or above ecommerce growth rates during Q4. Lets take a quick look at whats behind this momentum. Asia Pacific remains our fastest-growing region, where GMV grew almost 50% over last year, and that is before adding G-market, an acquisition that extends our leadership position in Korea and enhances our momentum in the region.  And eBays ability to conveniently connect buyers and sellers across borders continues to be a competitive strength. For example, exports from Chinese sellers doubled in Q4, delivering over 15 million great deals to consumers all over the world during this holiday season. In Europe, we have successfully transformed our seller value proposition and business model over the past 18 months. By offering lower insertion fees to our sellers, we have almost doubled the number of live listings, a significant increase in selection. We plan to adopt similar best practices in the U.S. in early 2010.  And we are improving the fundamentals of our business, which positions us to win in the secondary market. And in fact, we are increasingly moving new types of merchandise at high velocity.  In North America, we experienced early success with our fashion vault pilots, with brands such as Cole Hans, DKNY, Hugo Boss and MaxMara. Popular items sold out in hours and drove strong incremental sales for our sellers. eBay is absolutely becoming a more trusted marketplace. Buyers are responding and our best sellers are winning, and we are continuing to raise the bar for our sellers. As you know, we have introduced a top-rated seller status that all buyers can see. In Q4, our top-rated sellers in the U.S. grew same-store sales by over 10%, and accounted for approximately 30% of total core GMV. In Germany, our top-rated sellers grew same-store sales by 25%, and in the U.K. they grew same-store sales by 35%. Bottom line, sellers who deliver the very best experience are succeeding on eBay and buyers are benefiting. These turnaround efforts are paying off. Market share gains are evident internationally where we are further along in our turnaround. In the U.K. for example, we posted 17% growth during the second half of 2009, significantly outperforming the market.  We are also increasing innovation across eBay and becoming a more technology-driven company. One example of this is our efforts in mobile commerce, where eBay made tremendous progress over the past year. Our eBay mobile application has been downloaded almost 7 million times, making it consistently one of the top apps on the iPhone. And even more important, consumers are using our mobile applications, changing the way they shop and generating over $600 million in GMV on eBay during 2009, more than a 200% increase over the previous year.  We will continue to innovate in mobile in 2010 and provide consumers with other convenient ways to buy, sell, find and pay for the best deals on eBay with their smartphones.  Turning to our adjacent ecommerce formats, StubHub had a strong quarter with Q4 ticket sales up 54% over last year. High profile concerts and sporting events such as the World Series drove strong ticket demand and market share gains. People are increasingly shopping on StubHub for sought-after tickets at great value in a marketplace they can trust. Our classifieds business was up 20% in 2009 as we strengthened our global footprint. We saw promising early results from initiatives in Spain, France, Germany and Italy that integrate our local classifieds offerings with the core eBay business and eBay brand. We expect these initiatives to continue to drive innovation in other markets in 2010. So overall, this was both a strong quarter and a strong year for our marketplaces business, and we feel good about our progress. Before I close, let me remind you of the three-year growth targets we laid out for our company in March of 2009. First, we said that PayPal will be the leader in online global payments, and we intend to almost double PayPal to revenues of between $4 billion and $5 billion by the end of 2011. PayPal made significant progress towards this goal during 2009. Second, in our marketplaces business, we said we will focus and win in the secondary market and grow adjacent formats such as classifieds. Again, we made progress towards this goal in 2009, improving our growth rates relative to the market. We plan to grow GMV with ecommerce in 2010 and grow our business faster than ecommerce in 2011. So 2009 represented an important first step toward our three-year goals, and we are entering 2010 with strong momentum. Now, with the sale of Skype, we are fully focused on our two core businesses: payments and marketplaces. We have clear priorities for both businesses in 2010. At PayPal we will strengthen and expand our leadership position in online payments, and we will do this by continuing to maximize PayPals potential on eBay and rapidly growing merchant services through merchant acquisition and increased consumer preference, as we expand our consumer footprint. And, we will continue to launch new products and accelerate innovation off of our platform in this exciting business. In our core eBay marketplaces business, we are positioned in 2010 to make even more progress in trust, value and selection and further penetrate the secondary market. We will do this by offering buyers great experiences they can trust with innovative shopping experiences that deliver great value and selection, and by providing tools and pricing to align our success with our sellers. We will continue to make eBay the most attractive opportunity available for entrepreneurial sellers, casual consumer sellers and larger sellers. So today we are a more customer-focused and technology-driven company. We are driving significant operational efficiencies that enable us to reallocate and reinvest significant resources into our growth initiatives that directly benefit our customers. I continue to be pleased with our pace, our progress and our performance. We are committed to consistently delivering on our financial commitments while doing what is necessary to position our business for long-term growth and leadership. Now I will turn it over to Bob for more details on the quarter and our financial outlook. 
Robert H. Swan: Great, thanks John. During my discussion, Ill reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless I clarify otherwise. Also, I would like to remind you that we sold the majority of Skype on November 19, so financial results for Skype are only included up to that date. Overall, we delivered strong fourth quarter results. We outperformed on both the top and bottom lines and we increased the financial strength and flexibility of the company. We executed against our strategic priorities during the quarter. PayPal continued to gain market share as transactions and TPV growth accelerated sharply. And we completed the first phase of Bill Me Later integration into the PayPal wallet.  As John highlighted, marketplaces achieved improvement in all three of the key metrics: net promoter score, velocity and market share.  Finally, we completed the sale of Skype, focusing our portfolio on our strategic mission of connecting buyers and sellers online.  So we are pleased with the results we achieved this past quarter, particularly given the backdrop of a difficult consumer environment both here in the U.S. and abroad, and we head into 2010 cautiously optimistic. Our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.4 billion in the quarter, a 16% increase, or 19% excluding Skype from Q4 2008 and Q4 2009. Organic revenue was up 12%, a sharp acceleration versus Q3. A weaker U.S. dollar increased our revenue growth by 4 points, and acquisitions decreased revenue growth by 1 point. Fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.44, a 9% increase. Excluding Skype, non-GAAP EPS grew at 11%. The year over year increase was primarily due to higher volume, productivity gains and FX, partially offset by a lower take rate.  Non-GAAP operating margin was 29.3%, down 350 basis points driven by business mix, acquisitions and a favorable one-time item in the fourth quarter of 2008. We generated $598 million of free cash flow in the quarter, or 25% of revenue. CapEx as a percentage of revenues was 7% for the quarter, and 6.5% for the year. Return on invested capital was 22.2% on a trailing 12-month basis, marking the first sequential improvement since the third quarter of 2008. Now lets take a closer look at our segment results. Starting with our payments business, PayPal had an exceptional quarter. Total revenue increase 28% to $796 million, a sharp acceleration from Q3. Total payment volume increased 34% to $21.4 billion. Geographically, TPV growth was 22% in the U.S. and 54% internationally. PayPals Merchant Services business posted another great quarter, with the number of payment transactions growing 53%. This, coupled with a slight decrease in average transaction size resulted in $12.1 billion of global TPV, representing 50% growth over last year. Merchant Services accounted for 57% of total TPV in the quarter compared to 50% in the fourth quarter last year. PayPals transaction margin was strong, improving to 62.1% in the quarter. Although global take rate was down, we were able to offset this decline with modestly lower transaction expense and a more significant improvement to transaction losses due to better fraud detection and prevention. PayPals segment margin came in at 17.8% in the quarter, up 300 bips from Q3 and down 100 bips year over year. The 100 basis point drop from last year was primarily the result of an economic currency hedge and dilution to the Bill Me Later, partially offset by higher transaction margin and volume-related leverage. Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later. Bill Me Laters gross receivable balance at quarter end was $673 million. The quality of Bill Me Later receivables has improved, which reduced growth, but we continue to believe this is the right trade-off in the current economic environment. The net charge-off rate decreased slightly to 11.1% in the quarter, and risk-adjusted margin remained better than industry average.  Now lets move to our marketplaces business. Overall marketplaces achieved net revenues of $1.5 billion, a 16% increase from last year, and sharp sequential improvement. Growth was driven by the acquisition of G-market, strength in our StubHub and classifieds businesses, and improvement on the core eBay sites. International accounted for 60% of marketplaces revenue this quarter, up from 55% in the year-ago period.  We continue to be pleased with the double-digit growth we are seeing in our fixed price format. Auction format GMV declined slightly, which represented an improvement over the prior quarter. Vehicles also improved from prior quarters. Lets turn to marketing services and other, which we view as alternative formats for bringing buyers and sellers together. Our classifieds business continued its strong trajectory with 20% revenue growth, or 9% on an FX neutral basis. Total global advertising revenue increased by 3%. Advertising revenue was negatively impacted by the placement of advertising on our eBay sites as we continue to optimize the user experience.  Shopping.com, Rent.com and other revenue was up 7% in the quarter. Just a couple quick highlights on marketplaces operational metrics. Velocity, or sold items, grew at 11% in the quarter, excluding G-market, driven by geographic strength in China cross-border, the U.K. and Germany. Marketplaces segment margin was 40.4% in the quarter, down 480 basis points. The main drivers include dilution from acquisitions and increased litigation expense and reserves in the fourth quarter of 2009, as well as a tough comp due to the reversal of accrued bonuses in the fourth quarter of 2008. Global take rate was 7.5% in the quarter, down 20 basis points from last year. Excluding the impact from vehicles, StubHub, currencies and G-market, take rate was down 40 basis points year over year. The decline in take rate is primarily due to a reduction in featured fees and larger discounts given to our highest rated sellers. In the fourth quarter sales and marketing as a percent of revenue was up 140 basis points due to increased investment in Merchant Services, a shift in type of spend from contra to expense, and the inclusion of G-market. Our core marketplaces marketing program spend for 2009 was down modestly from 2008 levels, as we continue to use data and technology to improve the efficiency of our market. Product development was 30 basis points higher than last year driven by a continued investment in the user experience and our technology platform. G&A costs increased 160 basis points from last year, predominantly due to a tough a comp from the reversal of accrued bonuses in Q4 2008 and the inclusion of G-market. Our provision for transaction and loan losses was up 40 basis points, primarily due to our new eBay dispute resolution program and higher VML credit loss.  Last March at our analyst day we discussed the need for us to operate smarter and more efficiently. At that time we laid out plans to reduce our cost structure by a cumulative $2 billion over three years. We remain on track to achieve this goal, generating more than $600 million in savings since the fourth quarter of 2008, and we have reinvested these savings into area of customer experience, trust, marketing and technologies to improve our competitive position. From a cash perspective, we generated strong free cash flow of approximately $600 million during the quarter. We received $1.9 billion in cash for the sale of 70% of Skype and we paid off the remaining $200 million balance on our line of credit. Cash, cash equivalents and non-equity investments was $5.2 billion at quarter end. We brought back $1.1 billion from overseas as a result of a business restructuring during the quarter, and ended the quarter with $1 billion cash in the U.S. While the tax impact is $200 million to $225 million from the business restructuring that will occur in the first quarter, it will give us additional flexibility with our U.S. cash balance. While the first half of 2009 was an extremely difficult environment to operate in, we built momentum throughout the year. Revenue accelerated in the second half, EPS improved in the fourth quarter and we generated excellent free cash flow throughout the year, and we exited 2009 stronger than we entered it. Given that, let me turn to guidance. A year ago, in light of the cloudy economic environment, we suspended issuing full year guidance. While there is still some uncertainty in the economic outlook, we are reinstating full year guidance for 2010 due to better visibility on the economy and progress weve made in our core marketplaces business. Our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2010 no longer consolidates Skype, as we will incorporate Skype into our financials using the equity method of accounting. For Q1 2010 we anticipate revenue of $2.1 billion to $2.2 billion. This represents growth of 12% to 18%, excluding Skype. We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.39 to $0.41 which represents growth at 8% to 13%, excluding Skype.  For the full year of 2010 we anticipate revenue of $8.8 billion to $9.1 billion. This represents growth of 9% to 12% excluding Skype, and we anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $1.63 to $1.68, representing growth of 11% to 14%, again also excluding Skype.  In summary, we are pleased with the progress we have made in 2009. We continue to focus on our key priorities. In payments, we will strengthen and expand our leadership position in online payments while accelerating innovation off our platform. In marketplaces we will continue to make progress in trust, value and selection while further penetrating the secondary market, and we will continue to becoming a more customer-focused and technology-driven company.  We remain cautiously optimistic as we head into the new year. Now, we would be happy to answer your questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mark Mahaney  Citi. 
Mark Mahaney  Citi: Thanks, I would like to ask a two-part question. First, is it clear to you from a macro read that the internet consumer, and consumer discretionary spend has come back? Is that part of your cautious optimism for 2010? Secondly, Bob, just in terms of the EPS, organic and revenue growth, organic guidance for 2010, if there isnt a change in the tax rate that implies that margins are up? Or, should we assume that the tax rate is consistent with Q4 levels going forward? 
John J. Donahoe: Mark, maybe Ill take the first part of that and Bob the second. On our macro outlook I would say two things. One, on the economy we dont have any additional insights versus anyone else. I would say we are cautiously optimistic about slow, steady progress in the global economy. So there is no intended message on that. What we do see, however, goes back to what I said at analyst day last March, which is ecommerce continues to gain share versus offline retail. We saw that in the fourth quarter, where I think when it is all said and done ecommerce growth rates will be higher than offline retail. I continue to believe we participate in a large and growing market where there is going to be a lot of opportunity for multiple winners.  I think we feel good about the market we are competing in, and cautious about the economic outlook.
Robert H. Swan: Mark, in terms of your second question on our full year guidance, we gave roughly 10% top line growth and about 11% to 12% bottom line growth.  From a tax rate perspective, we expect the tax rate to go up year on year, and quite a bit from Q4 which as you can see was at a pretty low level. We are looking at 20% to 21% tax rate for the full year of 2010.  What that implies is we will see modest operating margin expansion from 2009 to 2010 reflected in our guidance.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth  Barclays. 
Doug Anmuth - Barclays: John, you talked about how the international business is further along in the turnaround than the U.S., and I am curious what you think the primary things you need to do here in the U.S. are, and why the international business is really further ahead? Secondly, Bob, can you talk about the $1 billion plus that you basically have now in U.S. cash and what your intentions are, now that youve brought some back? 
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Doug. On the international business one of the benefits we have, particularly in Germany and to some extent in the U.K. is we can clearly differentiate business sellers from consumer sellers, and so when we put in place the pricing changes we did at the end of 08, we differentiated business pricing from consumer pricing across fixed price and auctions more aggressively in Europe. And in particular, we particularly lowered insertion fees on fixed price.  As I said, what that did is that allowed a huge inflow of fixed price items from business sellers and it allowed consumer sellers to add their items, but more in an auction format, which I think is increasingly the better way for consumer sellers to sell on eBay. In the U.S., we dont have the luxury, if you will, of being able to mechanically differentiate consumer sellers from business sellers so we didnt go to quite the same extremes in our pricing here. We also have such big selection in the U.S. So I think what well do in 2010 is take some of the learnings that we generated outside the U.S. and apply them as appropriate and as tailored to the U.S. market. I think we feel weve proven out some of these things outside the U.S. and they will apply inside the U.S.
Robert H. Swan:   Doug, on your second question we end the year with a great cash position, but as you know the makeup of our cash has been predominantly offshore historically, and that was exacerbated by the proceeds from the Skype transaction. That being said, weve continued to pursue ways to get in more equal distribution of our cash geographically, provided we can do it as efficiently and the restructuring we did in the fourth quarter allowed us to do that to bring more of our total cash position here domestically.  I would say our priority is we will continue to maintain a conservative balance sheet, but to give us the flexibility to first be able to finance the growth of our expanding Bill Me Later portfolio here domestically and also the capacity or the flexibility to pursue acquisitions both internationally and domestically as they arise and materialize. So our priorities havent really changed. I think our fourth quarter allowed us to get a more equal distribution of where our cash sits and gave us a good chunk of cash here domestically.
Operator:   Your next question comes from James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for taking my one-part question on the marketplace segment margin. I guess the marketplace segment margin was down year on year because you are consolidating G-market now and those unusual bonus reversals in the fourth quarter of last year. Can you talk about why the marketplace segment margins were down quarter on quarter? Is it mostly due to non-recurring items like litigation expenses or mostly due to recurring items like lower fees?
Robert H. Swan: James, first maybe if I could just characterize the change in margins year over year in terms of what is going on underneath the covers, and this is I would say an ink comment but definitely pertains to the marketplace business. First our program that we term as Operational Excellence which essentially is finding better ways to do more things efficiently enabled us to generate great productivity in the marketplace business during the course of the year, including the fourth quarter. Weve taken that productivity and weve reinvested it in lower take rates and higher product related expenses. So those two, good productivity going into lower take rates and higher product-related expenses. The margin decline is really due to the acquisition of G-market, number one. Number two, in the fourth quarter two things that you highlighted. One was a good guy last year, the reversal of bonuses in the fourth quarter, and the other was a bad guy in 2009, which was higher litigation reserves and expenses. So a little bit of both. The sequential decline Q3 to Q4 was primarily due to a lower take rate and the impact of higher litigation expenses. If I roll the clock forward in terms of implied margins in our 2010 guidance, we have essentially implied, as I indicated to Mark, that margins overall will go up modestly from 2009 to 2010 and in our marketplace business they will be relatively stable. We will continue to absorb the impact of lower take rate changes that we did in Q4, which will impact the full year of 2010, but we will fund those by continuing to operate smarter in all the different components of our costs in the core business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley. 
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: On the recent acquisitions, G-market and Bill Me Later seem to be doing very well. I was wondering if you could comment on the integration progress that you have had between eBay Korea and G-market, both from a sales standpoint in terms of infrastructure, as well as any early progress that youve made with Bill Me Later and PayPal Checkout.  
Robert H. Swan:  Let me do those in order. First on G-market, as you know, Scott, we closed the transaction in June. The objective of the combination was to consolidate our leading position in Korea to continue to operate two different platforms by generating significant synergies from the integration of the back office function. I would say our team in Korea, both the G-market team and the ISC team have made tremendous progress on essentially all fronts in a relatively short period of time, so we feel very good about the back office integration, the inherent synergies. Secondly, the combined business gaining market share in Korea while continuing to operate two different front offices, if you will, or platforms. On Bill Me Later, we are just over a year into the combination, just to refresh your memory, the intention was to take the number one  PayPal  and the number two alternative online payment businesses with very complementary skills and put them together, leveraging the complements. Bill Me Later with a very strong, large merchant presence; PayPal with a very strong, small sole-proprietor SMB kind of presence. With the combination of the product, the platform and the sales force that we would be able to increase our presence with large and small merchants to offer our consumers more choices at relatively low cost transaction expense as we monetize both merchants and consumers. One year in we feel very good about the continued presence with merchants here domestically and we saw those reflected really in the accelerating TPV for PayPal during the course of the second half of the year. We just launched the product integration for Bill Me Later and the PayPal wallet in the fourth quarter and we feel good about the trajectory. We have another product launch early in 2010. We feel pretty good about the combination of those two platforms. So all in all we have invested quite a bit and strengthened our Asian presence with G-market in expanding our reach of the PayPal business with Bill Me Later. Six and 12 months in respectively, we feel very good about our positioning.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: One, take rate. How should we think about the take rate long-term as you try to give better experience to sellers, what is the optimized take rate that you have in your mind? Secondly, as the credit costs stabilize or even credit costs start going down, how aggressively will you push Bill Me Later? How should we think about near to mid-term Bill Me Later as a percentage of your total payment volume?
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Imran. I will take the first and Bob, why dont you take the second. On take rate, I appreciate the way you asked the question because people tend to focus quarter to quarter and the way we really think about take rate is stepping back. I will remind you that it was only 24 months ago when I first took over in this role we had one take rate applied to all categories in all geographies across all sellers around the world. The structure of that take rate really hadnt changed since the beginning of eBay. So we set out on what we knew was going to be a three to four year process to make changes in our take rate that would better align ourselves with our sellers and make a robust marketplace. So we have really focused on three things during that time. One, we have gone to category-based pricing, which makes sense.  Two, weve made significant changes in rebalancing front-end versus back-end fees, which is to say we were probably 70/30 front end to back end since the beginning of 08, and today going into 2010 we are more 30/70  30% front end, 70% back end. What that really means is we have aligned our incentives with that of our sellers. If they dont succeed in selling we dont succeed in collecting fees. The last thing we have done is we have incented our sellers such as that sellers that give the best service to buyers gets the lowest rates on eBay. So we are two-thirds of the way through. We have put some things in Q4 which took a further step in that direction, and we will make a few more changes in 09 that I think have to do with taking the learnings from Europe and applying them in the U.S. about rebalancing.  But I feel good that coming out of 2010 we will have the structure and alignment of our pricing in the marketplace that is aligned with sellers and optimized for marketplace success.
Robert H. Swan: Imran, in terms of your question about Bill Me Later and just general credit environment, a couple things. Obviously our intention with the integration of Bill Me Later into the PayPal wallet in the product flows, the intention is to give consumer choice. With that choice we believe that with the unique Bill Me Later offering that they will increasingly choose Bill Me Later as a way to settle their online payments and Bill Me Later will grow as a percentage of PayPal volume. That being said, in the near to medium term it will still be a relatively small piece of overall PayPal volumes. Secondly, in terms about credit decisioning or our underwriting, we dont expect in the medium term to really change how we think about credit decisioning in this current economic environment; i.e. we will continue to be fairly disciplined on keeping net charge-offs relatively low and expanding risk-adjusted margins for the portfolio until we see better consumer sentiment and economic environments going forward. It will be a bigger piece, it will be relatively small in the short to medium term and we will continue to be very disciplined in how we underwrite it.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Stephen Ju - RBC Capital Markets. 
Stephen Ju - RBC Capital Markets: What do you think the fixed price of the percentage of the total mix can go, longer term, for the marketplaces forum? Items sold growth outstripping GMV growth by continued ASP compression, is this due to the increasing mix of fixed price or are there other factors? 
John J. Donahoe: On the fixed price versus auction, I would make one very important point upfront, which is our goal is to offer buyers and sellers choice and to make our marketplace as seamless and indifferent between that choice as possible. So one, we are not driving one versus the other. That said, what is clearly happening is fixed price is growing more rapidly than auction as the marketplace rebalances because that is the format that many business sellers choose to sell in and many consumers choose to buy in. We dont know where it will land. Again, I think Bob said at analyst day we started 30/70, that is 30 fixed, 70 auction and my guess is we could end up somewhere around 70/30. That varies a lot, by the way, by category. There are certain categories like collectibles where auctions is a natural way to set a market price, and others like consumer electronics where there is more clear pricing. In an efficient market, fixed price makes sense. So the important point is we are indifferent in terms of margin, in terms of our marketplace. Then on items sold and GMV, I think it is important to just note the economy is impacting ASPs, we see that both on eBay and PayPal, PayPal ASPs have been coming down off of eBay as well as on eBay. Two, one of the things that eBay offers, I think has been a source of advantage for us is in a tougher economy where consumers are trying to get more out of what they spend, we see them trading down on eBay, which is to say instead of buying the latest model Blackberry they are buying a brand new Blackberry that was last years model for less. Or, instead of buying a brand new bicycle they are buying a used bicycle. We see actually within categories people getting what they want but just trading down in terms of what they are buying and what they are getting for their dollars, and in that way eBay is a fairly unique marketplace in offering the ability to do that.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray.
Gene Munster  Piper Jaffray: My question is a follow-up to Stephens just a point of clarification. The shift from auction to buy it now impact on your margins, I thought I heard you said that it has no impact and you are indifferent, but I just want to clarify that.
Robert H. Swan:  That is correct, we have done a variety of price changes over time but in essence, whether it is fixed price, buy it now, auction there are common themes. Lower upfront, fewer features and the shift of conversion has gone more from our sellers to eBay, and the fee structure, there is no dramatic change between the different formats. So we wanted to provide consumers the right choice, and oh by the way, the margin structure is tapered, it is not dramatically different in terms of overall impact.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I think one of your real important goals is to grow as fast as ecommerce this year, and as I look at the Merchant Services business, ex-FX, it went from 35% growth to 47%, so improved 1200 basis points. When I look at the marketplace business, it improved about 400 to 500 basis points, whether you look at revenue or GMV, ex-FX.  Do you think the marketplace business is just taking a lot of share versus the market? Or do you think it is doing okay and your core business still has a ways to go? What do you think are the one or two most important initiatives for 2010 to get it to as fast as ecommerce? Thanks.
John J. Donahoe: Well Justin, let me answer what you intended. The Merchant Services business is absolutely gaining share of online payments. As I said, it is kind of stunning, but the Merchant Services business grew 50% in Q4 in terms of TPV, and that is 10 times faster than the market in the U.S. and comparable outside the U.S. So that business is still in, I believe, its early days of the global roll out of what is a very attractive and differentiated product for merchants and for consumers. So we envision that business continuing to gain share. The core eBay business, including the PayPal on eBay, that is the one that we said was going to grow more slowly than the market in 09, at market growth rate in 2010 and faster in 2011.  There is no silver bullet in what is driving it. That said, I am pleased with where we are coming into 2010 and I dont know, I love all my children, not just one, so I will list three things that I am looking forward to in 2010 in the marketplace business. One, we are going to further extend trust by offer enhanced buyer protection, so buyers can buy absolutely confidently and safely on eBay. Two, value and selection will continue to extend with both pricing and the continued improvement in search. You recall Mark [Hargis] talking about our approach to technology in search at our analyst day. We are absolutely becoming a more technology-driven company and our search team is increasingly top notch. Then lastly, I think what is going to be fun about 2010 is you are going to see some real differences in the eBay user experience. You will see this most notably in clothing, shoes and accessories about mid-year where the eBay experience as you know it will look very different and you will see us taking advantage of how we bring the unique inventory we have to buyers in some new and creative ways.  So again, that is on top of a technology platform we have been building under the eBay business that I think will really hit its stride in 2010 and 2011. I am looking forward to this year and think that we will continue to build on the momentum that we are building up.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang  Credit Suisse: A question on the PayPal take rate, given the expansion of the Merchant Services business, should we continue to expect the take rate to drift lower beyond 2010? Can you give us a rough sense of the take rate difference between Merchant Services and the on-eBay TV? 
Robert H. Swan: Let me emphasis our priorities in terms of how we manage the volume and the economics associated with the core platform. Obviously more presence on merchants, more preference for consumers drives volume growth. Then the thing that is most important for that volume growth for us is the transaction margins that we generate as a result of three related variables: one, the global take rate; secondly the transaction expense and third the fraud losses. So it is the interaction of those three variables that drives transaction margins that we said back in March 60% or higher over the next three years, and what we just said today that we improved Q3 to Q4 to 62%. That dynamic, what we expect to transpire over that timeframe is there are so many variables that go into global take rate that can influence to the positive side, or just take rate alone, the negative side. For example, continued progress of expanding PayPal on eBay in Germany has a relatively low take rate. It has very low transaction expenses and very attractive transaction margins. So there are variables in the portfolio where global take rate may come down, but at times fundamentally lower transaction expense and still generate 60% plus kind of margins. So overall, we will continue to manage gaining more presence with merchants, more preference from consumers at transaction margins that take the combination of global take rate, transaction expense and fraud losses that enable us to generate 60% plus transaction margin and drive leverage from an operating expense standpoint to expand overall operating margins in the PayPal business.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Heath Terry  FBR Capital Markets.
Heath Terry  FBR Capital Markets: Bob, you mentioned bringing the billion back to the U.S. included roughly $300 million in tax costs. When thinking about the remainder of cash that you have got overseas, is 20% or so the right rate to think about in terms of the costs, eventually, at some point to bring the rest of that back?
Robert H. Swan: Not really. There are obviously lots of different variables that go into the effectiveness and the efficiency of getting our cash equally distributed around the globe, and I think that those variables include potential internal restructurings, potential repatriated dividends, potential financing of onshore assets with offshore cash, I mean there are a variety of different variables, all of it within todays regs have different implications for effectiveness of repatriation strategy. I think what we have said is we will continue to look at how to get an equal distribution of our cash across the globe so we have the ultimate flexibility to pursue opportunities as they arise, with a real big bias for doing it as fast and efficiently as possible, and every one of the strategies has different kinds of implications. The ability now versus where we were bringing back while it had tax cash costs associated with it, relatively speaking it was a fairly attractive and efficient way to restructure our balance sheet with a legitimate business purpose at relatively low tax costs. We will continue to pursue all sorts of different strategies and each and every one of them are somewhat dependent on the circumstances.
Mark Rowen : Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: That question then will come from Brian Pitz  UBS.
Brian Pitz  UBS: A quick question on mobile. Is it becoming a more meaningful contributor to revenue? Are there any specific product categories where adoption has been greater? Second unrelated, any prospects for announcements regarding new, exclusive product inventory from the likes of Tiger Direct or other new vendors into 2010, as you guys had previously announced? Thanks.
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Brian. Mobile absolutely is in the phase of an inflection point, and there is no doubt that the iPhone and smartphones in general have just illustrated to consumers all over the world the power of what a mobile device can provide. We have been quite fortunate in that both eBay and PayPal lend themselves to the mobile format well.  The engaging nature of eBay auctions is something that can be really brought to a mobile device and our best sense is that our mobile commerce offering at $600 million could be half the volume in the mobile goods market thus far.  So we intend to be all over it. We have released another app, the eBay Deals app and we will continue to find new and interesting and creative ways to bring our inventory to the mobile device in ways that are engaging for consumers. How much of that will be incremental volume versus just a device shift, we dont know and to some extent we dont care. We view mobile as simply one more device as a way to connect buyers and sellers.  What is interesting is you dont see people necessarily starting, doing and then concluding their whole shopping experience on one device or another. They may do a search at home and put it in their My eBay, they may finish the transaction while standing in line in Starbucks and pay right there with PayPal, or the reverse. So mobile will be an important trend. We feel we are out on our toes innovating both with eBay and PayPal in mobile. In terms of the exclusive inventory, our marketplaces seller team is out talking with several brands and several people that have inventory. I think 2009 was the year of proving we could move high volume SKUs in very short periods of time, and I think weve done that, so there are certainly a growing number of people who want to talk about distributing on eBay. In some cases, that will be exclusive and others it wont, but we feel poised to take advantage of this private sales trend where retailers are looking to get rid of high quality branded goods in quick and efficient ways online. So thats it. Thanks everyone, we look forward to talking to you in 12 weeks.
Operator:   Ladies and gentlemen, again thank you very much for joining us today. That will conclude todays call. Again, have a good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen - Vice President, Investor Relations John J. Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President - Finance
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - Citi Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford C. Bernstein Brian Pitz - UBS James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company Sandeep Aggarwal - Collins Stewart Benjamin Schachter - Broadpoint Amtech Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day. Welcome to eBay's third quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded and at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mark Rowen : Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2009. Joining me on todays call are John Donahoe, our Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.  We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call.  This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com.  Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.  In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter of 2009, anticipated future stability, and growth in the marketplaces business unit, and the sale of Skype.  Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to the impact of recent global economic events and the global economic downturn, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political, business, and economic conditions, the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions, the impact of divestitures, including Skype; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses; our need to manage regulatory tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later, and the financial industry; and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable costs while adding new features and maintaining site stability.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, also available at investor.ebayinc.com.  You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them.  All information in the presentation is as of October 21, 2009 and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this presentation.  And now, let me turn the call over to John. 
John J. Donahoe: Thank you, Mark and good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to our Q3 earnings call. Our Q3 revenues topped $2.2 billion, with organic growth up 5% over the prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS was $0.38 and we generated free cash flow of $563 million during the quarter.  These are strong results for a strong company getting stronger. Our strategies are working and I continue to be pleased with our pace, our progress, and our performance. Our teams are executing well against the three-year growth strategies we outlined earlier this year. PayPal continues to gain share and drive strong global growth across e-commerce. eBay has stabilized and is beginning to show some positive trends. Core GMV accelerated for the second quarter in a row, and we announced the sale of Skype this quarter, setting this terrific business on a path we believe will enable it to achieve its full potential.  As a company, we are operating faster and more efficiently and we are making the right investments in our two core businesses, e-commerce and payments. We are delivering on our commitments and managing our portfolio with focus, discipline, and accountability. All in all, we continue to take the bold steps required to lead and win.  Now lets look at our results from each of our business units. PayPal had a strong quarter with revenue, total payment volume, and active registered accounts up across the board. PayPal's penetration on eBay increased six points year over year to nearly 66% globally, drive by a more streamlined checkout experience and increased adoption of electronic payment.  And we just announced the integration of Bill Me Later into the PayPal wallet both on eBay and across e-commerce, giving consumers more choice when they pay online.  PayPal's merchant services business gained market share in all regions around the world, with total payment volume increasing 35% year over year on an FX neutral basis and acceleration from Q2. The integrated sales team for PayPal/Bill Me Later is driving a strong pipeline. More than 100 large merchants in the U.S. have been signed thus far this year, expanding addressable sales for PayPal and Bill Me Later by $27 billion.  In all, 44 of the top 100 U.S. retail sites now offer PayPal and 24 of these now offer both PayPal and Bill Me Later, twice as many as last year. That includes 1-800-FLOWERS, Toys R Us, and Walmart.  In the travel arena, nine of the 10 most popular airlines accept PayPal or Bill Me Later, and for charitable giving, consumers can now use PayPal on more than 100,000 non-profit sites across the web.  So whether shopping, traveling, or giving to charity this holiday season, consumers have more reasons than ever to use PayPal and Bill Me Later.  Outside the U.S., PayPal's merchant services momentum is just as strong. Total payment volume was up 63% in Europe and 55% in Asia on an FX neutral basis. This growth is being driven by merchants like Lufthansa Airlines globally, and Levis in Europe, both of which began broadly accepting PayPal in Q3.  In Asia, 12 of the top 100 online retailers now offer PayPal with a strong line of merchants in the pipeline. And weve intensified our efforts in Japan. PayPal signed agreements with two of the leading payment gateways in Japan, SP Veritrans and E-Context. These two gateways work with more than 22,000 Japanese merchants, representing an estimated $11 billion in addressable online sales. This will help accelerate adoption of PayPal on small and larger merchants in the important Japanese market.  With our growing focus on innovation, we are also making it easier to use PayPal in new ways and on new platforms. For example, PayPal launched its student account during the quarter. The student account is a fast and secure way for teenagers to shop online using PayPal. It provides parents full visibility into their kids budgeting and spending habits and offers a fast, easy way to send money when needed. As a father of four children, I can personally attest that this is a great product for the entire family.  On November 3rd in San Francisco, PayPal will take a big step forward with the official opening of our platform to third-party developers. For me personally, this is one of the most exciting opportunities ahead for PayPal. We are engaging developers as a new set of customers and we expect to see a wave of payments innovation unfold. Developers can now use PayPal's global platform to incorporate a fast, easy and secure payment service into a wide range of applications, including mobile payments and micropayments.  Now on to eBay -- simply put, we are seeing our turnaround efforts begin to pay off. While we still have a lot more work to do to improve trust, value, and selection, we are making progress. Core GMV and sold items were up, both accelerating from Q2.  Buyers and sellers continue to move to our fixed price format, which accounted for 56% of GMV in the quarter. While auctions declined, the drop was less than in Q2, reflecting the positive impact of new pricing for consumer-to-consumer auctions in the U.S. and U.K.  And eBay's most trusted sellers continue to win -- sellers with detailed seller ratings of [48] and above continue to grow their businesses at double-digit rates, faster than e-commerce. In fact, year over year same-store sales for these sellers in the U.S. were up about 13% in Q3, and accounted for almost 40% of total U.S. GMV.  And over the past year, our efforts to create a more trusted shopping experience on eBay are working for sellers and for buyers. In Q3, we took our seller ratings a step further, implementing a new top-rated seller status in our three largest markets, the U.S., U.K., and Germany. The new status highlights our best-performing and most trusted sellers, and all sellers, regardless of size, small, medium, or large, are eligible for this status. These sellers consistently receive the highest ratings from buyers, offer fast shipping, and guaranteed returns.  So for the first time, buyers who come to eBay looking for fast, trusted service, can easily spot top-rated sellers by the prominent badge in search results. About 150,000 U.S. sellers qualified at the launch of this program earlier this month.  So we are continuing to raise the bar in eBay to meet increasing buyer expectations and help sellers who meet those expectations succeed. And feedback from our customers shows that they are noticing. Our net promoter scores are up for both buyers and sellers.  eBay is also seeing increased traction with our daily deals, which reinforces our value message and demonstrates our ability to engage new buyers and move large volumes of merchandise in short time periods.  We are also bringing more secondary market inventory on to eBay, working with trusted retailers and brands to help them move merchandise at great value. In North America, for example, Dell recently opened an eBay store. Golf Smith and other leading Internet retailers have also recently added inventory.  And in Europe, we opened eBay online outlet malls in the U.K. and Germany, offering buyers dozens of brand names sold directly by the manufacturers.  Our product and technology teams, led by Mark [Hargiss], are making great progress in delivering better user experiences. Last March, youll recall, Mark spoke about how we are transforming search on eBay to take advantage of our unique data and we are making progress on that front.  We are also developing tools that enable richer shopping experiences in select categories. Across consumer electronics and media, you can already see the results as we move to a more product or catalog style shopping experience on the search results page.  Our team has also just launched a limited test of a [design a ring] diamond tool -- easy for me to say -- which you can try at diamonds.ebay.com. This tool enables consumers an easy way to find and design their own ring. So while it is still in beta, its an example of the kind of unique experiences we are going to be able to build on top of our platform and support sellers and create better shopping experiences for buyers.  Mobile commerce is another area in which we are driving innovation to deliver a better user experience. The eBay iPhone app, which has been downloaded more than 4 million times, is expected to generate more than $0.5 billion in GMV this year. And consumers can more easily use PayPal for their purchases on the iPhone than ever before. We are rapidly iterating in mobile and will soon be introducing the next version of our eBay iPhone app with improved functionality and features.  With the improvements we are driving in trust, value, and selection, we are launching a U.S. marketing campaign this holiday season to re-engage and remind consumers of the great deals on eBay. Unlike previous campaigns, which were heavily focused on TV or last year on coupons, this one will be one of the most integrated campaigns we have ever done, with a more balanced offline and online media mix. The campaign, which breaks on November 2nd, will include digital spots featured for the first time on the home page of eBay.  Lastly, turning to our adjacent e-commerce format, classifieds and Stub Hub both had strong results this quarter with double-digit growth. In fact, Stub Hub is on track to sell its 30 millionth ticket by the end of the month.  Finally, let me highlight Skype, which had another great quarter with strong growth across all user metrics. This is a terrific business but one that stands outside our core focus of e-commerce and online payments. So we did what we said we would do -- maximize Skype's potential and its value for eBay shareholders. We are selling 65% of the business at a strong valuation of $2.75 billion and by retaining 35%, we have the potential for further upside longer term. The deal is on track to close in the coming weeks.  So in summary, let me repeat how I began my remarks -- we are a strong company getting stronger. We are doing what we said we would do and we are managing with focus, discipline, and accountability. I am pleased with our pace, progress, and performance.  Now with the sale of Skype, we are fully focused on our two core businesses, PayPal's got great momentum, and our eBay strategies are beginning to work. So delivering on our commitments, we intend to lead, compete, and win.  So now before taking questions, let me turn it over to Bob for more details on our performance. 
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, Ill reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless I clarify otherwise.  Overall, we delivered strong third quarter results. We exceeded the high-end of guidance on both the top and bottom lines due to stronger than expected GMV. We continue to execute against our strategic priorities in our two core businesses and we are pleased with the progress we made to date. We gained good momentum throughout the quarter and we are cautiously optimistic as we approach the upcoming holiday season.  Our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.24 billion in the third quarter, a 6% increase. Organic revenue was up 5%, an acceleration of four points versus Q2. The acquisitions of G-market, [DBA Bill Bosson] and Bill Me Later added an additional five points of revenue growth, while a stronger dollar lower our revenue growth by four points.  Non-GAAP EPS was $0.38 in Q3, a 16% decrease. The $0.08 decline from last year can be fully explained by a lower yield on cash balances, a one-time tax benefit in the third quarter of 2008, and the impact of foreign exchange.  Strong productivity from our operational excellence initiatives, along with modest volume gains, fully offset a decline in take rate, dilution from acquisitions, and business mix. Non-GAAP operating margin was 28.4%, down 340 bps, again driven by dilution from Bill Me Later and a stronger dollar.  We generated $563 million of free cash flow in the quarter, or 25% of revenue. CapEx as a percentage of revenues was 8%, an increase compared to the first half of the year due to timing of expenditures on our new Utah data center. For full year 2009, we anticipate CapEx as a percentage of revenue will be similar to 2008.  Return on invested capital was 21.9% on a trailing 12-month basis. The decline over the prior four quarters is primarily attributable to recent acquisitions. While these acquisitions are causing near-term pressure on ROIC, we believe they will generate attractive long-term returns for our shareholders.  Now lets take a closer look at our segment results. Starting with our payments business, PayPal posted another strong quarter. Total revenue was $688 million, a 15% increase. Total payment volume was $17.7 billion, an increase of 19%. TPV growth was 14% in the U.S. and 30% internationally.  PayPal merchant services business had another great quarter. Merchant services recorded $9.9 billion of global TPV in Q3, accounting for 56% of total TPV and representing 31% growth over last year. The number of payments in merchant services grew even faster at 47% while the average transaction size decreased.  PayPal's transaction margin remained flat at 62% in the quarter. While global take rate was down 22 bps, we were able to offset this decline by improvements in transaction expense rates and transaction loss rates.  PayPal's segment margin came in at 14.8% in the quarter. The 420 basis point drop from last year was primarily the result of dilution from Bill Me Later. The 130 bps sequential decline in segment margin was due to currency hedges which benefited Q2 margin, but reversed in the third quarter.  Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later. Bill Me Later's gross receivable balance at quarter end was $561 million. We continued to manage the quality of new receivables were underwriting, which reduces receivables growth, but we believe this is the right trade-off in the current economic environment. Net charge-offs increased to 11.5% in the quarter, up 25 bps from Q2. However, risk adjusted margins remain better than industry average at approximately 9%.  Lets now move to our marketplaces business -- overall this business achieved net revenues of $1.4 billion, a 1% decrease from last year but a 13 point improvement from the second quarter. Organic revenue was down two points, acquisitions added six points to growth, and currency lowered growth by five points. Transaction revenue was down 1% while marketing services and other revenue growth was flat.  We saw strong growth in our international business, especially in our two largest European markets. Purchased items increased 10% in Germany and 19% in the U.K. Our international business accounted for 56% of marketplaces revenue this quarter, up from 53% in the third quarter of last year.  We continue to be pleased with the growth we are seeing in our fixed price format. On an FX neutral basis, fixed price GMV excluding vehicles grew 37% or 17% excluding G-market. Auctions GMV excluding vehicles declined 12% in the quarter, a five-point improvement from Q2. Vehicles GMV declined 15% during the quarter on an FX neutral basis, representing an improvement from prior quarters mainly driven by easier comps.  Lets turn to marketing services and other, which we view as alternative formats for bringing buyers and sellers together. Our classifieds business continued its strong growth trajectory with 20% revenue growth, or 27% on an FX neutral basis. Total global advertising revenue declined by 2%, as we experienced continued pressure on CPCs and click-through rates. We continue to optimize the user experience on eBay sites in order to increase transaction frequency and this had the effect of modestly reducing advertising revenues.  Shopping.com, [inaudible] and other revenue declined by 16%. This decline was primarily driven by shopping.coms lower monetization as we continue to focus the business on merchant lead generation while CPCs and traffic remain under pressure.  A couple of quick highlights on marketplaces operational metrics -- sold items grew at 31% in the quarter. Excluding G-market, growth was 8%, primarily driven by strength in the U.K., China cross border, Germany, and Stub Hub. The number of tickets sold on Stub Hub increased 40% in the third quarter.  Cross-border trade accounted for 18% of core GMV, up one point from Q2. Marketplaces segment margin was 42% in Q3, down 70 bps. The marketplaces team generated solid productivity, which gave us the capacity to reduce take rates for our sellers and invest in the user experience.  Global take rate was 7.9% in the quarter, down 27 bps from last year. Excluding the impact of vehicles, Stub Hub, FX, and G-market, take rate was down more than 40 bps compared to last year as our power sellers continue to earn higher discounts on a significantly larger portion of GMV and consumer sellers take advantage of our recently introduced [inaudible] auctions.  Now lets turn to our communications business -- Skype posted revenue of $185 million in the third quarter, an increase of 29%. On an FX neutral basis, growth was 36%. Skype to Skype minutes increased 74% to 27.7 billion, and Skype out minutes increased 44% to 3.1 billion. Skype segment margin came in at 24.2%.  As John said earlier, the Skype deal is expected to close in the coming weeks. The buyers are funding the cash portion of the purchase price through a combination of debt and equity financing. The consortium has initiated the transfer of funds for the equity portion of the purchase price to an escrow account, where the funds will be held pending the closing.  Switching to eBay inc. operating expenses, in the third quarter sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue was up 50 basis points, mainly due to the addition of G-market but partially offset by increased efficiencies in Internet marketing spend. Product development came in 30 basis points higher than last year, driven by continued investment in the user experience and our technology platform.  G&A costs increased 60 basis points from last year, predominantly due to deal related costs partially offset by efficiencies and cost controls. Our provision for transaction loan losses was up 10 basis points due to the inclusion of our dispute resolution program on eBay and BML credit losses, partially offset by a decrease in transaction loss at PayPal.  As I mentioned earlier, we generated strong free cash flow during the quarter. Cash and cash equivalents was $2.6 billion at quarter end, of which $2.4 billion was held internationally. We paid down $200 million on our line of credit during the third quarter, leaving an outstanding balance of $200 million at quarter end.  Now let me turn to guidance, which assumes that the Skype deal will close in the middle of Q4. We anticipate Q4 revenue of $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion, including approximately $100 million from Skype. This represents growth of 8% to 13% compared to last year, or 11% to 15% on an adjusted basis, excluding Skype from the back half of Q4 2008.  We anticipate non-GAAP EPS of $0.38 to $0.40, including approximately $0.02 from Skype, a 2% to 7% decline compared to last year, or a minus 3% to plus 2% on an adjusted basis, excluding Skype.  Now let me take a minute to discuss the impact of the sale of Skype on eBay inc. From a financial perspective. Once the deal closes, we will account for our minority stake in Skype as equity income. However, keep in mind that going forward, Skype will earn minimal net income in the near term due to interest expense on debt and amortization of intangible assets. On a pro forma basis, excluding Skype from our full year 2009 results, we anticipate generating full-year 2009 revenues of $7.95 billion to $8.05 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $1.41 to $1.43.  In summary, we delivered strong third quarter results above the upper end of our expectations on both the top and bottom lines. Our strong momentum continues at PayPal. We are executing against our turnaround strategy in marketplaces, and we are on track to sell 65% of Skype this quarter. And our operational excellence initiatives continue to drive efficiencies, which is allowing us to invest in our customer facing initiatives.  And now wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will begin with Mark Mahaney at Citi. 
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Two questions -- first on the payments margins, can you talk about how we should think about those going forward? Once they anniversary, once you anniversary the acquisition of Bill Me Later, do they stabilize and start growing from there or is it uncertain? Could they just as likely they go up as down? And then marketplace, could you provide anymore color, anything on the linearity of the quarter, particularly products or areas or segments that seemed to have picked up better than others? Is there something that makes you think, particularly in the marketplace business, that Q4 should be materially better than just comps? Thanks. 
Robert H. Swan: Yeah, Mark, first on PayPal operating margins, Ill give you a bit of a macro picture and then a path forward. We indicated earlier this year that we expect to roughly double the PayPal business from 2009 through 2011, and that operating margins will expand to 18% to 20%. This year, essentially each quarter Bill Me Later has impacted our margins by roughly 350 to 400 basis points and as we go forward, we expect Bill Me Later to gradually be accretive to earnings and then accretive to operating margins between now and 2011. We do not expect that to change dramatically in the fourth quarter. We are not expecting any dramatic growth from Bill Me Later as we continue to make the trade-offs of top line growth versus risk.  On the second question on marketplace, Ill make a couple of comments, John, and have you engage as well. Id say a couple of things -- one, we saw continued trends overall throughout the quarter, so just timeline wise, the last time we spoke to you we had June and early July, a little bit better than earlier in the second quarter. Those trends kind of continued throughout the course of the quarter. On a geography basis, we saw great momentum in the U.K., good momentum in Asia, particularly in Korea with the combination of IAC and G-market. Good momentum in Germany and accelerating progress in the U.S. While we are still down in the U.S., we saw a five point improvement on GMV from Q2 to Q3 so we felt pretty good about relative to how the market performed in the quarter.  And that -- you know, both by geography and just timeline, we expect continued momentum going into the fourth quarter.  John, any thoughts from your perspective?
John J. Donahoe: You know, Mark, I would just say as Bob said, the economy, we see stable and we are cautiously optimistic about consumer spending going into the holiday. But what is more important from our standpoint is we actually see some progress on our turnaround metrics and as Bob mentioned, they are kind of across geographies and across categories a little bit, and the three outcome metrics that I continue to look at are net promoter scores, which is both for buyers and sellers, the willingness they are to recommend eBay to a friend, and those are up both across buyers and sellers. Second, the [velocity] on our site, which as I mentioned earlier, has accelerated to 8% growth, both sold and purchased items in the quarter. And then most importantly, the market share, which we measure by GMV growth and our global GMV growth in Q3 was 4%, which we believe will end up being faster than the market grew in the third quarter.  So we feel like we are making good progress. We will continue to make progress into the fourth quarter and into next year. I dont see anything discontinuous but I do see good progress across the board. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christa Quarles at Thomas Weisel Partners.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners: I was wondering if you could give us some greater color around the international TPV growth acceleration. Is Japan -- could that be material next year? Im just trying to better understand the color on the international side.  And then just one quick housekeeping item -- have you reserved for the Skype lawsuit? Thanks. 
Robert H. Swan: First on PayPal international growth, Id tell you this has been a trend that youve seen continue dramatically. Its been primarily in Europe across the board. Weve continued to make good traction, both on eBay through higher penetration and off eBay. And John had kind of highlighted from a merchant adoption standpoint the focus on larger merchants and how that has gotten good coverage, increasing coverage in Europe and in Asia as well.  The second area thats been large for us and in particular a focus out of Asia has been cross-border trade, leveraging some of the unique attributes at PayPal to enable merchants in Asia, particularly in China, to sell product around the globe and give consumers the trust they have come to expect from PayPal by buying from cross-border transactions and thats been a significant addition over the last -- really the last couple of years.  We are using that, building relationships with cross-border trade in markets where eBay doesnt necessarily have a big presence, like Japan, as a point of entry -- get familiar with merchants that are trying to grow their cross-border trade, use that knowledge of the market to then grow a domestic business. And thats the relationships that John talked about earlier. I would not -- so over -- I mean, the Japan market is obviously one of the biggest in the world and we expect to be a player in Japan. I do not expect that to have any meaningful impact on our business in 2010.  On the Skype lawsuit, weve been -- were very focused on positioning to close that transaction. We feel good about where we are. We feel very good about our 35% interest on an ongoing basis and I would say our position on the legal disputes has been pretty clear all along, that we are highly confident in the position that weve taken on lawsuits. 
John J. Donahoe: Theres no new news and the business continues to perform very well and we expect it to close in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Lindsay at Sanford C. Bernstein.
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford C. Bernstein: Could you give us an update on the percentage of PayPal accounts that use Bill Me Later? And could you give us any sense of how rapidly that might increase and what you might be doing to try and promote that? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Sure, let me take a cut at that. As we said in earlier calls, Scott Thompson did a great job once we bought Bill Me Later of immediately consolidating the sales forces, because Bill Me Later had a real strength in large merchants, which was their historical sweet spot. PayPal focused [inaudible] [to more around] [inaudible] and small to medium sized merchants, so -- and actually the sales force is now being led by a Bill Me Later executive.  They have a sort of focus for 2009 and then a focus for 2010. For 2009, its quite simply a cross-sale where they are going to PayPal customers that dont have Bill Me Later and getting them to add Bill Me Later, going to Bill Me Later customers that dont have PayPal and getting them to add PayPal. And so as I mentioned earlier, over 100 new accounts have added one or the other this year and we now have several of the largest that offer both.  In 2010, now its going to even the next level because we are going to integrate the product or the pipe that is going into the merchant. So today, the merchant may experience it as two separate products. In six months time, were going to be able to go to a merchant and offer them one integration into their checkout flow that will have both Bill Me Later and PayPal built within it. So we feel very good about the merchant adoption.  And then on the consumer side, the other part of the fly wheel is getting Bill Me Later into the PayPal wallet and that just launched last week. I was using it over the weekend. Next time you check out with PayPal, when you confirm your funding source, if you are pre-approved for a credit and you have a high enough FICA score, you will have the alternative to select Bill Me Later as your funding mechanism, which is just great. And for those of you that dont have that offering, I would check into your FICA score. 
Robert H. Swan: And Jeff, that was, as John said, that was launched last week or the week before and now Bill Me Later is in the PayPal wallet and on over 150,000 merchants, including eBay. So its both on and off eBay and during the course of the fourth quarter leading up to the holiday time, well expand that presence of Bill Me Later in the PayPal wallet on millions of merchants in the near-term, so we are pretty excited by both the sales -- the merchant adoption but also the product that we just launched a week or so ago. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Pitz from UBS.
Brian Pitz - UBS: Could you talk about where you think you are in terms of improving search on the platform, as well as cataloging your products? And then second, what prompted you to switch your monetization on eBay.com from Yahoo! to Google? Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: On search, youll recall back at our March analyst day, Mark Carr just laid out both the challenges and opportunities of search on eBay, the challenge being we had the most unstructured data and the largest data set of any e-commerce provider on the net; the opportunity being we are the largest source of unstructured data and the largest data set of any retailer or e-commerce provider on the net. And so as he mentioned then, the focus this year has been two-fold -- one, to get as many of the categories for which a catalog exists cataloged on eBay and I was just with the search team yesterday and they told me that the product-based GMV, which would be catalog based GMV, hit 17% of our GMV on -- well, Tuesday of this week, which is more than a doubling of where it was at the beginning of this year. So Mark and Chris Hayne and Dane Glasgow have the search team all over rapidly adding catalogs in those categories where it exists.  Then the second part of what Mark is doing is building in essence a search platform which will allow us to begin cataloging the uncataloged categories and through community generated tagging and other ways, and we will really begin to see that platform is now built and in the first half of 2010, you will begin to see some of the fruits of those labors, particularly in the clothing, shoes and accessories category. So I would say on -- I dont know, on a scale of 1 to 10, we have gone from a two to a four, but I feel like the pace is accelerating and I am very pleased and optimistic about the progress we are going to make over the next 12 to 18 months, in ways that you will be able to see as a user, and see in our numbers. 
Robert H. Swan: In terms of advertising, as you know we look at advertising as another format to connect buyers and sellers on the web. This has grown from essentially a non-existent business for us to almost a quarter of a billion dollar business and we continue to look at ways to improve our effectiveness and efficiency in serving up the most relevant ads, and sometimes that means ads above the fold, sometimes it means below the fold, sometimes its with banners and other times it is with text. Most recently here in the U.S., we are using Google text ads because we think we can provide more and more relevant ads for our community of users. So advertising continues to be an attractive way for us to connect buyers and sellers and we are using Google ads here on our site in the U.S. while we continue to use Yahoo! banner ads or graphical ads here in the U.S. as well, both important partnerships for us, both that we continue to work with to figure out how to provide the best experience for our users. 
Brian Pitz - UBS: Very helpful, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from James Mitchell at Goldman Sachs.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: Could you discuss why sold items growth was so rapid in the United Kingdom relative to the United States as it reflects local competitive conditions or eBay actions? And could you talk about sold items versus ASP trends for U.S. GMV?
John J. Donahoe: To be honest, I am pleased with the sold items progress across the board. As I said, globally up 8%. Now the U.K. just had a phenomenal quarter on that front. That is partly driven by currency movements and the U.K. has become a real exporter this year and so because of the weakness of the pound, you will see a lot more U.K. sellers selling outside of the U.K. into continental Europe and into the U.S. So thats part of what is going on.  And secondly, the U.K. e-commerce market is doing better relative to their offline retail market than in other countries because what looks to be happening as new consumers are coming online trying to save money is in essence the best way to put it, so we believe we are gaining share in the U.K. with GMV growth that hit 20% in the quarter, but its also market that is growing faster than others because of the new people coming online.  And your -- oh, sold items to ASP -- simply put, our sold items are improving and ASPs continue to go down. And if you peel beneath that, people are continuing to trade down. Where they may have bought a brand new BlackBerry, they are buying a refurbished BlackBerry, or where they may have bought a designer sweatshirt, they are buying a private label sweatshirt. And so -- and the good news is we have good offerings across all of those, so ASPs continue to come down both on eBay and on PayPal, we see it in the off-eBay business as well in the PayPal gateway. 
Robert H. Swan: The only thing I would add is when John says ASPs coming down, thats year over year. We havent seen any dramatically different trend during the course of the year. ASPs started to fall rather precipitously late last summer into the fall and they kind of stayed that way. In the last six months, I wouldnt say theyve gotten any better but they havent gotten any worse either. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan at J.P. Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Thank you so much for taking my questions. It seems like the take rate was down year over year, like around 30 bps or so, so could you please help us understand why did the take rate go down? And secondly, after the Skype transaction, you will have a significant amount of cash in the international market. Can you give us some color on the use of that cash? Thank you. 
Robert H. Swan: Imran, I knew that we were in trouble despite the warning by the moderator to limit your questions to one when you had an s on the end of your question word. So quickly, two things -- yes, take rate did come a little over 40 bps when you strip out some of the noise, like step up in vehicles and G-market on the core eBay platform. You know, a few things -- in the U.S. and in the U.K. during the course of the quarter, we essentially took to stimulate our auction business, we took insertion fees on C-to-C items to zero for your first five listings. Earlier in the year, we made some modifications to some features that have impacted us in the second quarter and again more in the third quarter. And then just a little bit of a forewarning that was reflected in the guidance we gave you, John referenced a series of announcements we made, announced in June, put into effect at the end of September where we will continue to provide incentives or deeper discounts for our highest valued sellers and we eliminated some of the feature fees that impeded a wonderful shopping experience -- both of those things will result in continued kind of take rate erosion that youve experienced in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter.  On your related question of cash, yes, we do end the quarter with $2.6 billion in cash. We generated almost $600 million in free cash flow. We are expecting well over $2 billion in free cash flow for the year, so coupled with the sale of Skype, we will have over $5 billion in cash on hand at the end of the year.  You know, Id say our priorities havent changed. First we will continue to maintain a conservative posture on our balance sheet. Secondly, we will continue to work for efficient and effective ways to get a more equal distribution of our cash domestically and internationally. As you know now, almost all of our cash is offshore.  And then as we work through those opportunities, we will do the same things, and that is we will continue to look for acquisitions that will strengthen our two core businesses and we will look to opportunistically redistribute cash to shareholders when we dont believe the value of the firm is adequately reflected in the stock price. Thats what we have been doing over the last couple of years and well continue to do that.  The last point I would make is we will be extremely disciplined in how we go about growing the business through acquisition. So thanks for your questions, Imran. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Youssef Squali with Jefferies & Company.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company: Bob, just a quick one on free shipping coverage -- could you tell us what it was last quarter versus I guess the quarter before that? And where does that fit in the marketing campaign that you are starting in early November?
Robert H. Swan: On the first one on the free shipping, no dramatic change Q2 to Q3. Weve been hovering around 30% mark, just a tad lower. In terms of the campaign -- 
John J. Donahoe: Its not a point of distinction, the campaign. The campaign is more around just the great values you find and great deals you find on eBay. So the nice thing about the free shipping, this is a very nice case of the interaction between our marketplace and our selling community, we saw that buyers cared a lot about free shipping. We put an incentive in place in terms of a discount to those that offered free shipping for almost a year, and then we stopped and the sellers in those categories for which free shipping matters continue to offer free shipping and those in which categories that it is less of an issue, heavy goods or high value goods, they dont. So its kind of held even without the artificial stimulus of an incentive. And thats the way the marketplace works. I think thats one of the strengths of our marketplace. 
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company: Thats helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sandeep Aggarwal of Collins Stewart. 
Sandeep Aggarwal - Collins Stewart: John, how high can the fixed price format as a percentage of total GMV? And can you give us some idea in terms of the economic differential between the auction and fixed price format?
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Sandeep. You know, the interesting thing about format is we dont choose -- our buyers and sellers choose and the actions we took last year made us economically indifferent between the two formats, so our take rates are roughly the same. So in terms of the second part of your question, we are indifferent. And then our platform now allows buyers and sellers choice and its not biased one way or another. And so its gone from 30% or 70% auction to 30% fixed price -- today its more on the 60-40, or 40-60 I should say -- 40 auction, 60 fixed price and I dont know where it would land. Maybe 30-70 -- we dont know. We won't drive that; consumers will.  Whats interesting is it differs significantly by category, so again this is -- so you take collectibles, collectibles is an auction heavy category because they are items of uncertain value in which an auction is the most efficient way of transacting and doing -- establishing value. The other end of the spectrum would be tickets or books, music, and video which are more commodity based items for which there is a clear market price and those are predominantly fixed price.  And so we think one of the real strengths and sources of differentiation of our marketplace is it will fall into an equilibrium, category by category, and over time be the only marketplace that has the balance of both formats. 
Mark Rowen : And Bob, do you want to take the economics piece of that question?
Robert H. Swan: I think John pretty much touched on it in terms of the take rate differential between the two formats, so I think its covered. Sandeep, thanks for the question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Benjamin Schachter with Broadpoint Amtech.
Benjamin Schachter - Broadpoint Amtech: I was wondering if you could give an update on the consumer loyalty programs. Youve talked about that in the past but it didnt come up on this call and I was just wondering why it hasnt seen that much traction yet and will it be a strategic focus? And then just a very quick clarification -- do the marketplace global active users include G-market? Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: Let me take the first, Ben, and -- 
Robert H. Swan: No on the second. 
John J. Donahoe: Yeah, I think its -- on consumer loyalty, its still moving ahead. In fact, when I talked about the improvements in the net promoter score, we measure a net promoter score of both our top buyers, which in essence are our most loyal buyers, as well as all active buyers and we saw very positive improvements in both.  And we continue to focus on improving the user experience so that they come back and buy more.  Weve also tested -- you know, we did a lot of couponing last year and we are still continuing to do some couponing with experienced eBay buyers that helps them start buying in a new category, and we are being very targeted in that and we think on a targeted basis, that can work.  And then lastly, some people on the call may have been in our pilot around eBay Bucks, which is our loyalty program. And we had a -- weve gotten a very good experience and feedback from that thus far and we continue -- we anticipate continuing to expand and roll that program out that rewards repeat purchases on eBay.  So our focus -- believe me, our focus on great customer experiences and customer retention and loyalty is as strong or stronger today than in any time in the last couple of years. And interestingly, one of the things that I think is also making a difference is I changed the senior management incentives so the top 600 people in the company, part of their annual bonus is driven by improvements in essence in customer loyalty, as measured by net promoter scores. So we made good progress. 
Mark Rowen : Operator, we have time for one last question. 
Operator: Thank you. That will come from Scott Devitt at Morgan Stanley.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: I have a follow-up question just on PayPal segment margins -- could you discuss the segment margin profile of merchant services versus the on-eBay business and whether that mix shifts over time actually has an effect on margin as well? Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: Scott, the way we try to run the business is transaction margin base and transaction margins has three components -- take rate, transaction expense, and transaction losses. And what you have seen really over the last couple of years almost quarter to quarter, despite the rapid growth in merchant services and merchant services becoming a much bigger component of PayPal overall, we have been able to ensure that transaction margins stay above the 60% level. And we kind of laid out the business model and the trade-offs between growth in those three levers. You know, we said that in our kind of three-year outlook, we expect to keep transaction margins in the 60% level. They have stayed that way. Q3 was 62%, which was essentially flat year over year and flat Q-on-Q. So we will continue to manage those three levers, global take rate, transaction expense, and transaction losses to drive growth and roughly 60% margin business and expect that to continue despite the fact that merchant services is becoming a bigger and bigger component of the overall portfolio. 
Mark Rowen : Okay, thank you for joining us and we will talk to you soon. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, once again that will conclude todays conference call. Thank you so much for joining us. Have a good rest of your day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen - Vice President, Investor Relations John J. Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President - Finance
Analysts: Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford C. Bernstein Benjamin Schachter - Broadpoint Amtech Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus Mark Mahaney - Citi James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital Justin Post - Merrill Lynch  Steve Weinstein - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to eBay's second quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Todays call is being recorded and at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mark Rowen : Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2009. Joining me on todays call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.  We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call.  This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebay.com.  Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.  In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the third quarter of 2009 and anticipated future stability and growth in the marketplaces business unit.  Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to the impact of recent global economic events and the global economic downturn, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political, business, and economic conditions, the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses; our need to manage regulatory tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal, Bill Me Later, and the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VOIP industry; and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable costs while adding new features and maintaining site stability.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, available at investor.ebay.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them.  All information in the presentation is as of July 22, 2009 and we do not intend nor undertake no duty to update this presentation.  And now, Ill turn the call over to John. 
John J. Donahoe: Thank you, Mark and good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to our Q2 earnings call. Our second quarter results were solid. Revenue was almost $2.1 billion with organic growth up slightly over the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.37.  Weve executed well and weve executed aggressively in the second quarter. We are focused on improving experiences for our buyers and sellers and strengthening our company. PayPal continues to gain share, driving penetration on eBay and rapidly adding new merchants across e-commerce. And our core marketplaces business is stabilizing with the economy as we execute against our turnaround priorities.  PayPal, eBay's fixed price format, classifieds, and stub hub all continue to outpace e-commerce growth rates. We are moving in the right direction -- a strong company getting stronger.  We are managing our business with discipline, focus, and accountability to meet todays challenging environment.  However, for a strong company such as ours, these are not times to be timid. In this current economic cycle, decisions we make today will determine leadership tomorrow and we intend to lead.  We are leveraging our cash flow and our focus on operational excellence to make smart investments in our core e-commerce and online payments businesses. And we are taking the necessary actions and bold steps required to win.  Now we still have a lot of work to do to achieve our three-year growth targets but I am pleased with our pace, our progress, and our performance.  Before I comment on our Q2 results, let me remind you of the three-year growth goals that we outlined earlier this year. We intend to approximately double PayPal by 2011 and we believe PayPal is well-positioned to become the leader in global online payments.  Tomorrow PayPal will announce plans to become the first and only global payments platform open to third-party developers. This is a significant step, one which we expect will drive further acceptance of PayPal and will fuel payments innovation beyond e-commerce.  In our e-commerce business, we are steadily improving trust, value and selection, and transforming the user experience on eBay. We are also growing other formats, such as classifieds and stub hub and we are strengthening our e-commerce portfolio with acquisitions such as G-market in Korea, which we completed in Q2.  We are focused on where we can win and we are aggressively working toward our goal of positioning our total marketplaces business to grow with e-commerce in 2010 and faster in e-commerce in 2011.  In addition, by driving operational excellence across our company, we intend to free up and reinvest $2 billion over the next three years. We are unlocking technology to drive innovation and enhance the user experience and we continue to build a strong management team, ensuring that we have our best talent focused on where they will make the greatest difference and recruiting new talent where we need to.  Now lets look at the results from each of our VUs. PayPal had another excellent quarter -- revenue, payment volume, and active users were up across the board. PayPal continues to drive synergies with eBay, increasing its penetration on eBay by almost 8 points year over year.  In May, PayPal launched on eBay's [Market Plots], the leading online classified sites in The Netherlands. This program grew from three categories at launch to over 900 within just three weeks due to the overwhelmingly positive response from sellers.  PayPal's merchant service business continues to gain share, delivering merchants higher checkout conversion than other payments products. On an FX neutral basis, our merchant services total global payments volume grew 32% during Q2, with strong growth in all regions around the world.  In the U.S., the integrated sales team for PayPal and Bill Me Later has signed 70 large merchants over the past six months, representing an estimated $17 billion in addressable online sales. These merchants include Foot Locker, Pacific Sunwear, Sears, K-Mart, Pro Flowers, and J&R Electronics. In fact, 54 of the top 100 online retailers in the U.S. now offer PayPal or Bill Me Later, and 22 of them offer both.  Outside the U.S., PayPal's merchant services momentum is also accelerating. Over one-quarter of the top 50 online retailers in Western Europe now accept PayPal, including Boots in the U.K., [Finac] in France, and T-Online in Germany. And in Asia, more than half of the top 50 online retailers in Australia, China, and Hong Kong now offer PayPal.  On an FX neutral basis, total merchant services payment volume in Europe was up 57% in Q2 over the prior year and up 47% in Asia. So PayPal continues to grow share in the payments market.  Our integration of Bill Me Later is going well. The combined PayPal and BML sales team is doing a great job, as evidenced by the new merchant sign-ups I mentioned a minute ago. And in time for this holiday season, we expect Bill Me Later to be available as a payment choice within the PayPal wallet, both on eBay and everywhere PayPal is offered in the U.S. The Bill Me Later team also continues to carefully manage risks in the current environment and they are making the right trade-offs. Bob will provide more details on BML's performance in the quarter.  Now let me move to our core eBay marketplaces business. We saw GMV growth accelerate in Q2 for the first time in seven quarters. This was primarily driven by an acceleration of sold items.  Our format migration continued in the second quarter as more buyers chose fixed price items over auctions. Our fixed price business increased 19% while auctions continued to decline, although less so than in Q1. Fixed price accounted for 51% of total GMV in Q2 and we continue to focus on giving buyers the value and selection they want in the format they choose from sellers they trust.  And trusted sellers are winning on eBay. Our highest rated sellers continue to grow their businesses in a very difficult environment.  For Q2, the highest rated sellers in the U.S. -- that is, sellers whom buyers have rated 4.8 or above -- increased their year-over-year same-store sales by almost 14%. And total volume from sellers with DSRs 4.8 or above increased to almost 39% of total GMV in Q2, up five points over Q1.  Simply put, this means more buyers are enjoying a safer, more trusted experience when they shop eBay.  We are also making good progress in improved customer service for both buyers and sellers. We are getting better at eliminating problems that generate customer contacts before a listing goes live. And in Q2, we piloted our Buyer Resolution program for top buyers in the U.S. and U.K. We will keep extending this program until we cover most all of our buyers. This is a major push toward creating a more consistent and trusted experience on eBay.  Buyer loyalty is another focus and weve seen good results from our eBay Bucks pilot program in the U.S., in which a limited number of buyers were invited to participate. More than half the buyers in that pilot program redeemed their eBay Bucks within six days of receiving them. And this pilot program is generating strong word of mouth -- in fact, the number one eBay Bucks question we get is why wasnt I invited? So well continue to test eBay Bucks in the U.S. and earlier this month, we launched a similar loyalty program in the U.K. called eBay Plus.  We are also taking actions to make eBay even more attractive for consumer and smaller sellers. For example, in Q2 we introduced free insertion fees for up to five auction listings a month in the U.S. and we eliminated insertion fees for 99 pence auctions for consumer sellers in the U.K. And next week, well be announcing our second half changes to our community, changes designed to drive trust, value, and selection -- changes that will provide further benefits to sellers and buyers this holiday.  So all in all, were pleased with this performance and the continued stabilization in our core eBay business. We are making progress.  But we know we still have a long way to go as we work to improve trust, value, and selection and we will stay focused on this execution path.  Last but not least, Skype -- now Im limited in what I can say about Skype in light of our previously announced plans to separate the business. But I think the facts speak for themselves -- on an FX neutral basis, Skype's revenue was up 43% in Q2 and segment margins continued in the mid-20s. These financials are being driven by strong user metrics.  Registered users were up 42% to 481 million, and Skype-to-Skype minutes increased 72% in Q2, accelerating over the past two quarters, while Skype out minutes were up 57% to 3 billion. Once again, Skype had another strong quarter.  So in summary, we feel very good about where we are at mid-year and the progress we are making. We are doing what we said we would do -- transforming our core eBay business, building a strong portfolio of adjacency e-commerce businesses, and driving strong momentum and market share in PayPal. We are consistently delivering on our financial commitments while doing whats necessary to position our businesses for long-term growth and leadership.  And now, before taking questions, let me turn it over to Bob for more specifics on our performance 
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. During my discussion, Ill reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless I clarify otherwise.  Overall, we delivered a strong second quarter against the backdrop of a difficult operating environment. We exceeded the high-end of guidance on both the top and bottom lines, due to better than expected growth in GMV and the impact of currency.  We continue to execute against our priorities at PayPal, eBay, and Skype. We closed our acquisition of G-market during the quarter and we continue to work towards our previously announced plan to separate Skype.  All in all, it was a busy and a good quarter for eBay. Our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.1 billion in the second quarter, a 4% decrease. A stronger U.S. dollar lowered our growth, our revenue growth by 8 points and acquisitions benefited us by 3 points, leading to organic revenue growth at 1%.  Non-GAAP EPS was $0.37 in Q2, a 14% decrease. Non-GAAP operating margins was 28.7% in the quarter, down 320 bps from last year. We made good progress on cost controls and operational efficiencies but these were more than offset by currency translation impacts, business mix, and dilution from BML.  Excluding the impact of a stronger dollar, our non-GAAP EPS increased by 1%.  We generated $602 million of free cash flow in the quarter, or 29% of revenue. CapEx as a percentage of revenues was 6%, and over the last 12 months, we have generated $2.2 billion of free cash flow.  And weve used our strong balance sheet and cash flows to strengthen our portfolio and build on core competencies through a series of acquisitions. Over the past nine months, weve allocated $2.5 billion to complete the acquisitions of Bill Me Later, EBA, [inaudible], and most recently G-market. These acquisitions are a natural extension of our two core businesses and the integration of each of these is on track with our internal plans.  Return on invested capital was 23.6% on a trailing 12-month basis. The decline from prior quarters is primarily attributable to our recent acquisitions. While these acquisitions caused some near-term downward pressure on ROIC, we believe they will generate attractive long-term returns for our shareholders.  Now lets take a closer look at our segment results. Starting with our payments business, PayPal posted another strong quarter and now represents 32% of company-wide revenues, up from 27% last year. Total revenue came in at $669 million, an 11% increase.  Total payment volume was $16.7 billion, an increase of 12%. TPV growth in the U.S. remained stable at 9%, while international TPV accelerated five points to 16% growth, driven by strength in addressable GMV.  In key operating metrics, consumers continue to migrate towards PayPal's key value propositions of convenience and security, as global active accounts increase 20% to $75.4 million.  PayPal continued to increase its penetration of addressable GMV on eBay, which we believe was helped by increased buyer protections. The penetration rate was up almost 8 points from a year ago to 64.4% globally.  PayPal merchant services business posted another strong quarter. Merchant services recorded $9.1 billion of global TPV in the quarter, accounting for 55% of total TPV and representing 26% growth over last year, or 32% on an FX neutral basis. We remain on track to deliver against the ambitious goals that Scott laid out at analyst day for our merchant services business.  PayPal's global take rate was 3.77% in Q2, down 12 bps from a year ago, primarily due to a shift in volume to larger merchants and lower cross-border TPV. Transaction expense was down 8 bps, predominantly due to efficiency gains in transaction costs, a geographic mix shift towards international, which carries lower [card] expense, and a consumer trend away from credit. Transaction margins remain stable at 62% in the quarter.  Let me touch on a few key operating metrics from Bill Me Later. Bill Me Later's gross receivable balance at quarter end was $553 million. We continue to be cautious in our credit approval process in order to manage the quality of new receivables we under-write, which we believe is the right trade-off in the current environment.  Our desire to manage risk in our loan portfolio, coupled with a consumer shift away from credit usage, has caused BML to grow at a slower pace than in last quarter. Net charge-offs as a percentage of receivables increased to 11.1% in the quarter, up 213 bps from Q1. The charge-off rate was impacted by increased write-offs, along with a modest reduction in average receivables. Risk-adjusted margin declined at 10.3%, but remains higher than industry average.  Lets now move to our marketplaces business -- overall, this business achieved net revenues of $1.3 billion, a 14% decrease from a year ago but an acceleration of four points from Q1.  Transaction revenue also decreased 14% while marketing services declined by 10%.  Our international business accounted for 57% of marketplaces revenue this quarter and revenue on an FX neutral basis was down 5%.  We continue to bring buyers and sellers together in a variety of formats. Our fixed price format continues to grow significantly faster than the overall e-commerce market.  On an FX-neutral basis, fixed price GMV excluding vehicles grew 19%, a 7 point acceleration from Q1 of which G-market contributed 4 points. Auctions GMV excluding vehicles remains under pressure, declining 17% in the quarter but did show a 3 point improvement compared to Q1.  Vehicles GMV declined 25% during the quarter on an FX neutral basis, as this big ticket category continues to be dramatically impacted by the economy.  Lets turn to marketplaces marketing services, which we view as alternative formats for bringing buyers and sellers together. Our classifieds business continued its strong growth trajectory in Q2 with 19% revenue growth, or 33% on an FX neutral basis. Total global advertising revenue decelerated by 12% due to a continued impact from a weak advertising market lapping our year-ago advertising ramp-up in Europe and refinement in our ad placement strategy.  Consistent with the last few quarters, shopping.com declined due to rules changes made by the major search engines in the third quarter of last year.  Just a couple of quick highlights on operational metrics -- active user growth came in at 2% on a trailing 12-month basis; sold items grew 5.6%, excluding G-market the growth was 2.7%, a 4 point acceleration from last quarter, primarily driven by strength in the U.K., China cross-border trade, Germany, and Korea.  GMV excluding vehicles accelerated by 3 points in the U.S. and by 7 points internationally on an FX neutral basis.  Cross-border trade accounted for 17% of core GMV, flat with the first quarter. In marketplaces, segment margin was 42.5% in Q2, down 130 bps but good cost controls were more than offset by currency impact.  During the quarter, our take rates excluding vehicles, stub hub, and currency was more than a half point lower than a year ago, as we invested in our customers with lower prices, more incentives for our trusted sellers, and investments in our customer experience.  Now lets turn to our communications business -- Skype posted revenues of $170 million in the second quarter, an increase of 25%. On an FX neutral basis, growth was 43%. Total registered users grew to $481 million, representing an increase of 42%.  Skype-to-Skype minutes increased to more than $25 billion during the quarter, representing 72% growth and Skype out minutes increased 57% to $3 billion.  Skype segment margins continued to expand to 23.6%, up 480 bps.  Now let me touch briefly on ink level operating expense and cash position before I discuss guidance. In Q2, sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue decreased by 80 basis points, largely due to a more efficient online spend and some reallocation to product and contra spend. Product development came in 90 basis points higher than last year, driven by a continued investment in the user experience and our technology platform.  G&A costs increased 30 basis points from last year, predominantly due to deal related costs, FX, and business mix, which were mostly offset by efficiencies in cost controls.  Our provision for transaction loan losses was up 50 bps, caused by the inclusion of BML credit losses.  At analyst day, we talked about operating smarter and more efficiently in order to free up capacity to invest in technology, our user experience, and the expansion of buyer production programs for our customers. As John mentioned, we laid out our plans to reduce our cost structure by $2 billion over the next three years to reinvest back into better serving our customers.  Since the fourth quarter of 2008, weve continued to focus on specific initiatives in the areas of customer experience, marketing, technology, and transaction expenses to drive operational excellence throughout our organization.  We expect these efforts to generate approximately $500 million through 2009, to be reinvested in our customers and our product.  As I mentioned earlier, we generated strong free cash flow during the quarter. Cash and cash equivalents was $2.6 billion at quarter end, of which $2.2 billion was held internationally, despite utilizing more than $1 billion for the G-market acquisition.  Now let me turn to guidance -- we anticipate Q3 revenue of $2.05 billion to $2.15 billion and Q2 non-GAAP EPS of $0.34 to $0.36. The midpoint of our guidance is similar to our Q2 performance on revenue and $0.02 lower on non-GAAP EPS.  We expect modest momentum and easier comps from GMV and TPV, benefits from the G-market acquisition and a modest lift from currency. These factors will be offset by a decline in take rates, softness in our advertising business, and traditional seasonal decline due to our larger international presence.  In addition, we anticipate continued weakness in our vehicles business that will impact our Q3 results.  In summary, we delivered strong second quarter results above the upper end of expectations on both top and bottom line. We generated more than $600 million in free cash flow. The marketplaces business has stabilized and exhibited a slight acceleration in key metric, and PayPal continues its strong growth trajectory.  Going into the second half, we see modest momentum and at the same time, well invest in customers to improve our competitive position.  And with that, Operator, wed be happy to answer questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) First up in the roster is Christa Quarles with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners: I was wondering if you could -- you didnt mention the wholesale part of your business as much this quarter. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the progress that you are making there as it relates to buy.com, et cetera and what percentage that is of the total mix? And then if you could also just dig in a little bit also to the margin characteristics of the business as it tends to be lower type margin business. Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Christa, let me take that. We talked at our analyst day about the secondary market and that includes both our historical areas of focus of used and hard-to-find but as we said, an increasing amount of our business is on the -- is new items, branded in many cases, but are sort of out of season, or one life cycle old. And a lot of the wholesalers, which include retailers, include wholesalers and in some case manufacturers, so in the first half this year, we signed merchants -- you mentioned buy.com, Tiger Direct, Smart Bargains, Argos in the U.K. and the area we are really focusing early on is in our deals of the day because often these merchants want to move a deep SKU, which is they want to move a lot of items quickly. And so we have examples where 6,000 and 7,000 items will sell out in a matter of a couple of hours.  So we are very pleased with the progress on this. These merchants really like the ability to move high volumes of SKU and the margins are good. Theres no material difference in the margins there because they pay a take rate, they have a lower cost to serve and we do a lot of volume.  So I think this is the way of really accentuating an opportunity in the market as more and more new in-season inventory is coming into the secondary market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Lindsay at Sanford Bernstein.
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks for taking my question. Can I ask two things -- first of all, could you just update us on what moves you are making to upgrade the platform and where we are in that process -- the beginning, the middle or are we well along? And then secondarily, could I ask Bill Me Later's net charge-off rate is 11.1%, which would be significantly higher than the U.S. credit card average. Could you just update us as to why this is and what actions you would take to manage that, so that you wouldnt be sort of criticized for, if you will, vendor financing or using BML to appeal to people whove got bad credit? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Jeffrey, why dont I take the first one and Bob takes the second -- on your question of upgrading the platform, Im not sure if you are talking about our search platforms or our third-party platforms that are open to third-party developers but let me just briefly comment on each, because I think theres nice progress on both.  Our search platform continues to make strong progress. In early July, we completed the infrastructure that will allow cataloging eBay items for search to be scalable a lot easier, and you heard Mark Carr just talk about that at our analyst day. And so we are seeing an increased number of items being cataloged and I think we are well-positioned to make continued advancements in search on the eBay marketplace.  Now in both eBay and in PayPal, we are making progress on opening our platforms up to third-party developers so that others can innovate on top of those platforms and let me just draw your attention to tomorrow, well be announcing that the beta phase for the PayPal platform, which is I think just tremendously exciting because it will be the first global payments platform that is open to third-party developers and you are going to see the beginnings of application innovation done by third-party developers that I think will be analogous to the iPhone. You are going to see PayPal being pulled into more and more situations and more and more applications where payment is necessary and I think its going to absolutely accelerate the pace and direction of innovation of PayPal, so we are very excited about that. 
Robert H. Swan: On your question about BML, a couple of things -- on just the losses in general, the trend, they are going up, similar to what youve seen across other consumer loan portfolios and they are -- our losses are a bit higher and really the reason is two-fold, and it relates less to the losses and more to the denominator. First, BML's loan portfolio has tendency to turn more rapidly than other traditional loan portfolios so our average balance at any one point in time is likely going to be lower for that reason.  And for the second reason, we dont really take transferred loan portfolios into BML's portfolio, so the denominator doesnt necessarily get [sway] to that end of periods, so for those two reasons our denominator is usually lower than the competitive offerings.  The metric that we try to watch most in terms of how we look at credit decision and risk, growth and profitability is the risk-adjusted margin and that margin for BML, which I think is a more holistic measure, is one that continues to outperform the industry, although it has been coming down a little bit as we expected during these more turbulent times for consumers. 
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Benjamin Schachter at Broadpoint Amtech.
Benjamin Schachter - Broadpoint Amtech: I wonder if you could shed anymore light on the trendline and the PayPal margin, when we can expect that to potentially turn positive and if there was any change to the long-term target for PayPal margins. Thanks. 
Robert H. Swan: Ben, so just overall, PayPal's margins declined by almost 3.5 points in the quarter and it was solely due to the acquisition of Bill Me Later. So we expect that over time, that Bill Me Later will help us expand PayPal's operating margins.  If I separate out Bill Me Later for a second, what PayPal margins were flat year over year and I would characterize as great productivity from operating leverage and from improvements in transaction expense, more than offset almost 200 bps impact from currency translation.  So the underlying fundamentals of the PayPal business have resulted in expanding operating margins but theyve been weighed down by just the stronger dollar year over year and by what we would characterize as short-term impact of BML dilution that will be accretive to margins over the long haul. 
John J. Donahoe: And what we set out at analyst day, those margin expectations still hold. 
Benjamin Schachter - Broadpoint Amtech: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Imran Khan at J.P. Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Thank you for taking my questions -- questions on PayPal. You know, I think right now you have roughly 64.4% penetration on eBay for PayPal. How should we think about PayPals penetration on eBay? And secondly, similar to that line, PayPal's on-eBay growth rate was 4% on local currency -- how should we think about PayPal on eBay growth rate over the next couple of quarters? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Imran, on PayPal, the penetration on eBay, as I mentioned we are -- we put real renewed focus on this because we think it offers a safer experience for buyers and a better experience for sellers. And the 64%, as I mentioned earlier, is up 8 points year over year.  What Scott laid out at our analyst day is we think we can get to somewhere between 73% to 79% over the next couple of years and thats driven largely by penetrating countries like Europe, or like, Im sorry, like Germany where we have a lot of progress. Were making nice progress in France and Italy, so -- and well top out our progress I think in the U.S. and U.K. and Australia, the English speaking countries. So the nice thing about PayPal is its got real global momentum and its -- we think theres still, as I said, 10, 15 points locked.  And then your second question, Imran, remind me again?
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Just about the growth rate of on eBay -- you know, it seems like the last couple, three quarters the growth rate was mid- to low-single-digits on eBay and so how should we think about the growth rate on eBay for PayPal? Its relatively straightforward, which is the foundation is the eBay GMV growth rate and particularly non-vehicles in GMV growth rate and Laurie and her team are doing a very nice job, as I mentioned earlier, I think stabilizing that business and taking the actions we need to get that business in strong and healthy shape.  And then you simply have to add to that PayPal's penetration on eBay and so the reason PayPal's on-eBay growth rate is higher than our addressable GMV is simply just penetration and as I mentioned earlier, we think there is still 10 to 15 points of penetration left. 
Robert H. Swan: Imran, if I could elaborate a little bit, as Scott indicated a couple months back at analyst day, we believe that we are going to be able to double this business, the PayPal business, over the next three years and he kind of laid out three components that was going to drive that growth.  The on eBay growth, we said that we had assumed it was in the low-single-digits over the next three years, which as John indicated is a function of increased protections -- Im sorry, increased penetration because we continue to leverage our fraud models to increased protections on eBay without really increasing our fraud losses on PayPal -- thats enabled us to get more protection.  And weve assumed a relatively low growth in eBay and by going from 58% penetration last year up to roughly 75% in 2011, eBay would contribute a good chunk of growth to PayPal.  But the PayPal growth platform over the next three years we said is going to primarily be from merchant services growth and we said it would grow at 30% CAGR over the next three years and the first quarter we grew by 34% in a very tough environment globally. In the second quarter, as John indicated earlier, merchant services grew by 32% and in my commentary on guidance for the third quarter, we said we expected modest momentum in TPV in the third quarter, a reflection of what we experienced in Q2 but also easier comps as we go into the second half of the year. 
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt at Morgan Stanley. 
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. I have two, please. It looks like youve done a good job of repairing the core marketplace business and I was just wondering as you continue to improve the experience on the marketplace, how you are thinking about segment margin in that business over the long-term?  And then secondly, as it relates to G-market, it looks like you included the full quarter GMV but then just the last two weeks in terms of the income statement, so correct me if thats wrong.  But if thats correct, on slide 14 of your deck, if you could just tell me which of the -- if it was international non-vehicle GMV that was down 1% ex G-market or if thats the total global number? Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Scott. Why dont I take the first and Bob will take the second -- as you mentioned, we feel good about the progress we made in the core marketplace business in the second quarter, and I think Laurie and her team are doing a nice job of steady progress in addressing the fundamentals of that business. And the user metrics and the customer metrics are showing signs of improvement.  With respect to the segment margin, Ill just go to what we talked about at our analyst day and we gave a fairly wide range -- we said we thought the business would be between $5 billion and $7 billion in 2011 and 35% to 45% margins. And whats behind that is simply a commitment to do what it takes to succeed in that business, and our Q2 margins, Bob can talk a little bit about but they -- on an apples-to-apples basis, on the core, we are holding those. They were impacted by advertising and some other areas but we are aggressively pushing on the turnaround and well do what it takes to get that business in the right place and thus far, weve been able to fund any investment through productivity. 
Robert H. Swan: And Scott, relative to just G-market, as you know we closed the transaction mid-June, contributed about $10 million in revenue. We only included in both GMV and revenue the results for the last whatever it was, 17 or 18 days, 18 days in the quarter, so its just since its been part of the portfolio.  If I could, just a little bit more about the deal -- you know, Laurie and the team closed it mid-June, a unique opportunity to combine the two leading players in the fifth largest market, e-commerce market in the world. Laurie and I were over there a week ago and I tell you, we couldnt feel better about what those two teams who have been vicious competitors for a long time, how they are integrating, leveraging each others capabilities to build a stronger business together than either of them could be on their own in the Korean market, and I would just reiterate that we believe that this transaction will be accretive to our performance in 2009.  So the combination is off -- relatively early off to a good start, stronger together and leveraging each other to drive synergies in the business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Thanks. Back on the marketplace business, almost all of the metrics here did show positive momentum from Q1 to Q2, so I wanted to ask, is there anything you are seeing overall in e-commerce that suggests that weve seen things actually get better, not stabilize or bottom but actually get better in e-commerce? Or do you believe with the pretty broad view that you have thats just eBay's platform thats seeing that? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Yeah, Mark, you know -- heres what we see across all of our platforms, and Ill use that as a proxy for e-commerce, this is across eBay and PayPal platforms on and off eBay. We said in our Q1 earnings call that after several months of decline in mid-February, we saw things stabilized and they stayed more or less at that rate throughout Q2 at that stable rate, although we did see a relatively modest pick-up during the second half of June, where it kind of moved up across all platforms and then it sort of stayed at that level.  So I would say that the market, as best we can tell, is stable and as I said, we saw some modest improvement in the second half in June.  Then within our eBay business, again as I said, we feel very good. This is a multi-year process. If -- second quarter were slightly easier comps -- that said, you know, I look at three outcome-based metrics on the marketplaces -- net promoter score, sold items, and market share. And our net promoter score, which is a measure or really customer sentiment, our seller MTS had some very positive progress in Q2, so sellers are beginning to I think respond to the changes weve made. And our top buyer MTS also went up nicely, so I think buyers are also seeing the benefits of some changes.  As Bob mentioned, our successful items, which is really the velocity on eBay, made progress in Q2. The reason I think thats important is in a tough economy, ASPs are coming down and people are trading down, so one of the health metrics we are very focused on is velocity and successful items were up almost -- up to almost 3% growth before adding the affect of G-market.  And then our market share, were still not growing as fast as the market in at least two of the three major markets and thats what we are focused on making changes to so that we catch that in the next couple of years.  So I think the early indicators are strong. That said, we have a lot of work to do. This is going to be a process of I think steady, consistent progress. 
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Thanks for the detail. 
Robert H. Swan: If I were to try to, relative to the external data that we do have, I think ComScore Q1 to Q2 here in the U.S. saw about a one point improvement and our results had about a three point improvement. Now, our expectation when the U.S. census data comes out is the acceleration from Q1 to Q2 will be a little bit better. But I would say we are in line, maybe a little better here in the U.S.  Geographically, we highlighted a seven point improvement quarter over quarter and there we dont have as good external data but I think that acceleration outside the U.S. was pretty strong. We feel pretty good about it. 
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Thank you, Bob. 
Operator: Our next question comes from James Mitchell with Goldman Sachs.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. You mentioned that unit sales improved in the United Kingdom, Germany, Korea, and I think China cross-border. Can you discuss those markets improving sooner than the United States due to local economic conditions or due to local competitive conditions? And then separately on PayPal, I think you mentioned that consumers were turning away from funding with credit cards, which is good for you. Is that consumer shift in response to the macroeconomic environment or is it in response to eBay initiatives?
John J. Donahoe: Ill try to take the first and Im sure I won't remember all of it, but if I do market by market, James, China I think is a combination of two things. Yeah, it was cross-border trade in China -- a combination of two things; one, more feet on the street and identifying great selection, great deals out of China and getting them listed on the site. And secondly, just currencies around the globe, net effect wants to put more demand on great deals in China. So thats what is driving China cross-border trade -- I think a combination of steps were taking and a combination of relative attractiveness vis--vis currencies.  In the U.K., Im going to put it in the I dont know category in terms of what the economy is in the U.K. trendwise vis--vis where we see other things in the world. I think we are still trying to understand that. 
Robert H. Swan: But the Pound -- I mean, the U.K., if you take the first half of the year in aggregate, the Pound was quite strong. 
John J. Donahoe: I think in Korea, its a combination of two things -- I think the economy in the second quarter is a bit stronger than the first and I think these two teams, IAC and G-market, continue to execute very well and individually gaining share, so I think in Korea its a combination of both those things. 
Robert H. Swan: And then on your second question, James, as much as Scott Thompson and his team would love to take credit for brilliant execution on the PayPal initiatives, I think even they would have to say that a good part of the funding mix shift is simply more a macro movement away from credit toward debit, which it almost doesnt matter what is causing it. I think in this case its a movement thats likely to continue for some period of time and certainly one that benefits our business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth from Barclays Capital.
Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital: Thanks for taking my question. A couple of things on the marketplace business -- first if you could comment on the early impact of multi-SKU listings. I know it hasnt been in place for that long -- I would be curious to get your interpretations there so far.  And then also, if you could comment on how free shipping is holding up after the end of the double final value fee discounts and then when you expect to launch more of a broader marketing campaign around the marketplace business? Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Doug. On multi-SKU, as you said, its still very early. Its only gone in for a couple of weeks, but for those that have done it, particularly in the shoes category, very positive feedback because it simply makes selling more efficient and it makes buying easier. So we are excited about it and early feedback has been quite positive. Free shipping -- free shipping has basically held up because in many ways, all we did was to use a carrot to make our sellers aware of how much buyers were responding to free shipping. And now our sellers are aware of it and they will respond and they are responding, so in certain categories its essential and it makes a big difference. In other categories, it makes less of a difference and we will do what we usually do, is well let the market, you know, well let the marketplace determine the right level of free shipping by category and sellers will respond to what buyers do.  So we havent seen any real material move since weve taken away the incentive because sellers do what is rational.  And lastly, marketing -- you know, well do in Q4 like we have the last couple of Q4s, is do what we need to to support our sellers to be successful. A couple of years ago that was TV advertising, last year we used coupons and well make the decision going into Q4 about what elements of the marketing mix well do to support our sellers during the holiday season.  One thing I mentioned earlier is we will continue to do a fair amount on the loyalty programs, because we think that we saw a nice traction on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post at Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the planned marketplace improvement announcements for the back half. Obviously youve contemplated that into your guidance but is there any magnitude in there in your guidance -- you know, are those going to be big changes we should think about? And then maybe you could just talk about sequential revenues -- I think you said G-market will help you $50 million. Are there any other abnormal things as we think about second quarter to third quarter -- are you a little bit cautious on back-to-school or do you think back-to-school season could be good for eBay? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Justin, let me comment on the first and Bob on the second -- as I mentioned, we are making the second half announcements next week to our sellers. The short answer to your question is any impact was reflected in our guidance.  I will make an editorial comment -- one of the things we have gotten better at is not surprising our sellers with a set of constant changes, and so as you know, we are only making two sets of changes a year and we have pre-wired or previewed these changes with several sellers and gotten good feedback and youll hear things around rolling out our resolution, buyers resolution process and rolling out multi-SKU and a variety of other things that will be announced on Monday, and the impact has been reflected in our guidance. 
Robert H. Swan: And Justin, just in terms of the Q2, Q3 dynamics, which are I broaden [would be] kind of first half to second half dynamics and not dramatically different than what we flagged last time, I think on the positive side as we indicated, we see modest momentum on GMV and TPV through Q2, continuing into Q3, and comps being easier.  Secondly, we do see a weaker dollar exiting the quarter than we did entering the quarter and that will be a modest plus.  And third, you know, two weeks of G-market in Q2 results and a full quarter in Q2 results, so all three of those things will work for us.  The things that will work against us are we do expect our take rate on the core eBay platform to continue to come down. We are expecting continued softness in advertising in the second half vis--vis the first half. And then the third, just more Q3 is just seasonal dynamics with our big international, particularly European business will work against us. So those are the plus and minus dynamics that we see going from Q2 into Q3 and the take rate in advertising things we expect to be second half kind of trends. 
Mark Rowen : Operator, we have time for one more question. 
Operator: All right, that will come from Steve Weinstein at Pacific Crest. 
Steve Weinstein - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thanks a lot. You know, when you were trying to originally do the G-market deal, you had to make certain concessions with the government there I guess to get the deal done. Im wondering, now that you are into it, can you just highlight -- see the real synergies and opportunities to maximize the benefits of really pretty much kind of controlling the marketplace there?
John J. Donahoe: In terms of -- with the KFTC, given the strength of each of the individual businesses, the primary concession we made is we would not take -- we would not increase take rates, and I think it was for a two-year period, although I dont exactly remember.  In terms of where we see the synergies, first its a heavy discount market where both companies used coupons to vigorously compete against one another. We believe that less coupon on contra related expenditures will require for us to compete and grow in the market.  Secondly, from a cost perspective, processing fees, bank related fees are a big component of both businesses P&L.  Third, customer service is a big component of both businesses P&L and combined we get more leverage on both of those cost elements.  And last, just back office functions -- we see a significant opportunity from a back office perspective to eliminate some of the redundancies that exist between the two businesses.  So theres less spending to compete directly against each other and then secondly, more leveraging scale to get more efficient spend with our partners and with some internal maneuvering. 
Steve Weinstein - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Thank you. 
Mark Rowen : Thank you, everybody, for joining us. Well see you next time around. 
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude the conference call. Thanks for joining us. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen  Vice President, Investor Relations John Donahoe  President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Swan  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein James Mitchell  Goldman Sachs Justin Post  BAS-ML Heath Terry  FBR Capital Markets Analyst for Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to eBay's first quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. John Donahoe, and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mark Rowen, VP of Investor Relations. 
Mark Rowen: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2009. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measure to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.  In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, the impact of recent global economic events and the global economic downturn, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political, business, and economic conditions, the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, our need to manage regulatory tax, IP, and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry, and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable costs, while adding new features and maintaining site stability. You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual reports on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.eBay.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them. All information in the presentation is as of April 22, 2009, and we do not intend and undertake no duty to update this presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to John.
John Donahoe: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our Q1 earnings call. We delivered solid Q1 results, exceeding expectations in a tough economy. Revenue was just over $2.0 billion and our non-GAAP EPS was $0.39. We managed our expenses well during the quarter and generated free cash flow of close to $600.0 million. All in all, we are a strong company operating in a challenging global environment. I think its fair to say that we have had an active start to 2009. In addition to executing against our priorities, we held an analyst day at which we detailed our three-year growth plans. And last week we made some important announcements that reinforced those plans and move us forward strategically. Before discussing our Q1 results in greater detail, let me recap the strategies and priorities we outlined at our analyst meeting last month. Our company connects buyers and sellers and we are focusing our portfolio on two core growth engines that accomplish this: payments and e-commerce. PayPal is the leading online global payments network and we intend to approximately double this business over the next three years. PayPal has unmatched advantages and will be the leader in online global payments. eBay is competitively positioning itself where we can win in the $500.0 billion secondary market. We are fixing the foundation of our core eBay marketplace by improving trust, value, and selection and we are transforming the user experience.  We are also growing other formats, such as classifieds and Stuff hub that connect buyers and sellers. Overall, we expect our total eBay marketplaces business to grow slower than the market this year but with the market in 2010 and faster than the market in 2011. Skype is a great stand-alone business and were moving to maximize its potential and value. And we are elevating the role of technology across our company to deliver more innovative user experiences, and last but not least, we are managing our company with operating discipline and accountability. Since announcing our three-year growth plans a month ago, we have taken action where it is consistent with our strategy. We are focusing our portfolio by divesting assets that are not closely aligned with our two core growth businesses, such as Skype and Stumble Upon. And we are strengthening our core eBay business by signing an agreement to acquire Gmarket, Koreas largest marketplace. So now lets take a look at our first quarter results for each business unit. PayPal had a strong quarter, growing significantly faster than e-commerce. Both revenue and total payment volume were up double digits. Active accounts also continued to grow at a strong double-digit rate and PayPal penetration on eBay continued to increase. Our Merchant Services total payment volume grew 26% year-over-year with organic growth of over 30%. PayPals share gain in the U.S. is outpacing e-commerces growth two-to-one. We are seeing the impact of combining the large merchant sales team for PayPal and Bill Me Later. For instance, in the first quarter alone, we signed 26 large merchants representing $8.4 billion in addressable online sales. This includes the eighth largest online retailer, Sears.com, and now 22 of the top 100 online retailers accept both PayPal and Bill Me Later and the pipeline is incredibly strong. These large retail brands achieve incremental sales through PayPal and Bill Me Later. We drive customers, new customers, to these online retailers via customized promotions targeting our user base and PayPal is one of the largest customer data bases of active online shoppers in the world, and we apply increasingly sophisticated targeting and profiling tools. PayPal also drives proven higher check-out conversion for merchants compared to other payment products. Among the largest U.S. online merchants, PayPal Express Check Out delivers conversion rates of 80%. This is 23% higher than average credit card conversion rates of 65%. Bill Me Later continues to perform well and we are pleased with the progress we are making in integrating this business. Bill Me Laters loss performance is holding up well in a very challenging credit environment and bob will provide more details on this in a minute. In our eBay marketplaces revenue was about $1.2 billion for the quarter, down 18% year-over-year with foreign exchange accounting for 10 points of that decline. Underneath this overall number we see a number of factors at play. Core GMV in our eBay transaction business was down 5% on an FX-neutral basis and beneath this we continue to see a format migration as consumers increasingly choose the fixed-price format. Fixed-price business on eBay grew 12% during the quarter, significantly faster than e-commerce and now accounts for approximately half of our total GMV. However, the auction format declined 20%. Our classified business continues to be an effective format in these tough economic times, growing 23% and Stuff Hub delivered double-digit revenue growth for the quarter.  Our advertising business was softer than expected due to the macroeconomic conditions impacting that entire industry and our vehicles business was down significantly as the auto industry is experiencing a significant contraction. So the bottom line is that we are seeing a marketplace business in transition with shifting formats and preferences on how buyers and sellers connect. The strategies we outlined in analyst day are addressing these challenges. We are focused on delivering buyers the value and selection they want, in the format they choose, from sellers they trust. Based on the actions we are taking to improve the eBay experience, we have continued to see strong performance by our highest rated sellers. While e-commerce growth was flat in the U.S. during the first quarter, our highest rated sellers, those with 48 and above detailed seller ratings, or DSRs, saw their sales increase 11% during the quarter. And the percent of core GMV generated by these high-quality sellers topped 30% in the U.S. during Q1. Buyers continued to benefit from greater value and selection on eBay. Average daily listings hit 160.0 million during the quarter and our Daily Deals continued to move high merchandise volumes quickly at great prices. Free shipping is also becoming a more frequent offer, with almost 30% of U.S. listings providing this service and active users were up modestly in Q1 to more than 88.0 million. Buyers will continue to see improvements in trust, value, and selection as we enter the holiday season later this year. We are also strengthening our marketplaces business globally. At our analyst day we said that Asia is becoming an increasingly important region for us, representing 9% of eBay marketplaces revenue in 2008. Last weeks announcement of our tender offer for Gmarket significantly strengthens our position in Korea. Gmarket is an innovative, competitive platform and the combination of IAC, our current Korean marketplace business, and Gmarket, gives us a powerful foothold for long-term growth, both in Korea and in the Asia region more broadly. Skype had another strong quarter, with revenue up 21% and registered users topping 440.0 million. Both Skype-to-Skype out minutes continue to show strong growth momentum. Skype had a number of major products and partnership announcements during the quarter, including Skype for Android, Skype preloaded on Nokias N-Series phone, Skype for iPhone, and Skype for Blackberry, which launches in May. Josh Silverman and his team continue to do a great job driving Skypes innovation and momentum. The release of Skype for the iPhone application has generated a great response. More than one million people downloaded Skype for iPhone in the first 36 hours after it became available and Skype immediately became the number one downloaded free application in more than 40 markets, including the U.S., U.K., and Japan. In just over a week downloads passed the 2.0 million mark, putting Skype on more than 6% of all iPhones and iPod touch and adding almost half a million new Skype users. As you know, last week we announced our intent to separate Skype, beginning with an initial public offering in the first half of 2010. I have said repeatedly over the past year that we will make the right decision to maximize Skypes potential and long-term shareholder value and we believe the IPO is the best path. As an independent publicly traded company, Skype will have the focus and resources it needs to compete and win in the huge communications market. And eBay will be able to focus entirely on our two core growth engines and deliver long-term value to our shareholders. In summary, we are focused on the new strategic direction we have outlined for the company and we are executing against our priorities. 2009 will continue to be a challenging year. As we said in March, our core eBay business is expected to contract this year as we improve the user experience and more competitively position eBay in the face of a very tough economy. While we saw some signs of stabilization in the first quarter, we still have a lot of work to do. We will continue to take the right actions and make smart short-term tradeoffs to competitively position eBay for the longer term. And at the same time we will continue to invest in and grow our other e-commerce formats, driving a variety of ways to profitably connect buyers and sellers. PayPal will continue to aggressively drive growth as the leading online payments network and Skypes got great momentum. We are a strong company with a valuable portfolio of assets creating an increasingly diversified revenue mix and competitive global footprint. As we invest in the long-term success of our company, our focus is on strong operating discipline and solid execution of our growth strategies with a management accountability to deliver on our commitments. And now before taking questions, let me turn it over to Bob, who will take you through more specifics.
Bob Swan: Before I delve into the financial results for the quarter, let me give you the financial perspective on the key strategic priorities that John discussed earlier. First, we are focusing the portfolio on our two core growth engines, payments and e-commerce and we are allocating capital to ensure the full potential of our two core businesses while capturing inherent synergies across them and where synergies dont exist we will divest our non-core assets. Secondly, we are managing the company with operating discipline and accountability. We are operating smarter to drive efficiencies of approximately $2.0 billion over the next three years in order to free up financial capacity to invest for growth. Technology will be a priority. And third, our business generates strong cash flows and high margins that gives us the flexibility to reinvest to grow and/or return capital to our shareholders. We will be disciplined in how we make these tradeoffs. Our first quarter results and actions are consistent with what we laid out for you at analyst day. Now lets get into the specifics. During my discussion I will reference our earnings slide presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless I clarify otherwise. Overall, we executed well against our strategic priorities in the quarter. revenue came in at the high end of guidance and we exceeded on the bottom line due to solid cost control in a difficult economic environment. PayPal Merchant Services continued its strong growth, marketplaces diversification continued as buyer preference drove format shift and Skype grew rapidly and significantly improved its segment margins. Our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.0 billion in the quarter, an 8% decrease. Organic revenue was down 1%. A stronger U.S. dollar cost us 9 points of revenue growth and acquisitions added 2 points. Despite operating in a tough economic environment PayPal Merchant Services, classifieds, and Skype all delivered double-digit growth. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.39 in the quarter, a 7% decrease. We outperformed the midpoint of our guidance, primarily due to tight cost controls and better than expected TPV and GMV volume. Excluding the impact of a stronger dollar, our non-GAAP EPS increased 5% as the actions we took last October to simplify our organization and prophecies reduced our cost structure and positions us well to deal with slower growth in 2009. Our non-GAAP operating margins for the quarter was 30.7%, down 129 basis points from last year. The operating margin decline was primarily a function of business mix, which pressured gross margins by 400 basis points, along with increased R&D and product-related spend. These were mostly offset by improved efficiencies in sales and marketing and lower G&A costs. We generated free cash flow of $578.0 million, or 29% of revenue. Capex as a percentage of revenues came in at a better than expected 5% due to the timing of certain expenditures. Return on invested capital decreased to 25.5% on a trailing 12-month basis. The decline from prior quarters is primarily attributable to our recent acquisitions of Bill Me Later and DBA bilbasen. While these acquisitions create near-term pressure on returns on capital, we believe they will generate attractive long-term returns for our shareholders. Now lets take a closer look at our segment results, starting with our payments business. PayPal posted a strong quarter and now represents 32% of company-wide revenues, up 27% from last year. Total revenue came in at $643.0 million, an 11% increase. Total payment volume was $15.9 billion, an increase of 10%. TPV increased by 9% in the U.S. while growing by 11% internationally. In key operating metrics global active PayPal accounts grew to 73.1 million, an increase of 22%. PayPal continued its strong penetration gains on eBay, up 9 points from a year ago, to almost 64% globally, helped by increased buyer protection. Beyond eBay, PayPals Merchant Services business posted another strong quarter despite a difficult economic environment. Merchant Services recorded $8.4 billion of global TPV in the quarter, representing 26% growth and accounting for 53% of total TPV. PayPals global take rate held relatively steady at 3.81% in the quarter while transaction margins were stable. PayPals direct segment margin came in at 17.4% in the quarter. Let me touch on a few key operating metrics for Bill Me Later. Bill Me Laters gross receivable balance at quarter end was $556.0 million, down $49.0 million from last quarter. We continue to adapt our flexible credit positioning model in order to manage the quality of the receivables and we believe this is the right tradeoff in the current environment. Our desire and ability to manage risks on our loan portfolio has caused us to grow the Bill Me Later business more slowly than in past quarters. Net charge offs as a percent of receivable have increased moderately but the increase is in line with our expectations and risk adjusted margin remains strong and higher than industry average. The integration of Bill Me Later and PayPal is progressing on schedule. The risk management and sales functions have begun to be integrated and cross-promotional efforts between Bill Me Later and PayPal users are progressing as expected. Overall, the acquisition is off to a good start. Lets now move to our marketplaces business. Overall, the business achieved net revenues of $1.2 billion, an 18% decrease. Transaction revenue decreased 18% and marketing services and other revenues declined by 12%. With 54% of marketplaces business coming from outside the U.S., the stronger dollar significantly impacted top line performance. On an FX-neutral basis, marketplaces revenues were down 8%. Segment margins for the marketplaces business remained strong at 45%. The transaction revenue decline was through the result of a 20% decrease in GMV. As we said at analyst day we expect the fixed-price format to outperform the auction format over the next few years as we continue to make it easier for buyers to find great deals and wide selections from the most trustworthy sellers in the format of their choice. Fixed price continues to grow significantly faster than the e-commerce market as a whole at 12% on an FX-neutral basis, while auctions declined 20% in the quarter.  Our vehicles GMV declined 27% FX-neutral during the quarter as this big-ticket category continues to be dramatically impacted by the recessionary environment. Let us turn to marketing services and other, which we view as alternative formats for bringing buyers and sellers together. Our classified business exhibited continue strength in the first quarter with 23% revenue growth, or 41%, on an FX-neutral basis. Our text and graphical advertising revenue were flat this quarter, impacted by a weak advertising environment as page use and CPCs declined. Consistent with the last few quarters, Shopping.com declined and will continue to be negatively impacted for the next couple of quarters until we lap the rules changes made by search engines last year. A couple of quick highlights on operational metrics. Active user growth came in at 2% on a trailing 12-month basis. Sold items declined by approximately 2% as the economic slowdown continues to impact consumers propensity to buy. ASPs declined 8%, continuing the trends from recent quarters as our search serves up the most relevant inventory of great values and consumers trade down in the current economic climate. On a geographic basis GMV, ex-vehicles in the U.S., was down 11% and down 1% internationally on an FX-neutral basis. Cross-border trade accounted for 17% of GMV, up 1 point from Q4, driven primarily by the U.K. Asia showed particular strength in cross-border trade unit volumes as our enhanced global supply chain capitalizes on bringing better values to our buyers. Now lets turn to our communications business. Skype posted total revenue of $153.0 million in the first quarter, an increase of 21%. On an FX-neutral basis, growth was 38%. Total registered users grew to 443.0 million, representing an increase of 43% over last year. Skype-to-Skype minutes increased to approximately 24.0 billion during the quarter, representing 67% growth and Skype out-minutes increased by 65% to 2.9 billion. The team at Skype continues to invest in, and grow, the business while delivering attractive segment margins. For the quarter, direct segment margin was 23.7%. Now let me touch briefly on ink level operating expense and cash position before I discuss guidance. At analyst day we talked about operating smarter and more efficiently in order to free up capacity to invest in technology, user experience, and expansion of buyer protection programs for our customers. In the first quarter, sales and marketing as a percent of revenue decreased by over 400 basis points, largely due to lower and more efficient online and offline spend. Product development came in 150 basis points higher than last year, driven by increased investment in our top technology priorities. G&A costs were down 8% from last year. employee costs were down, partially offset by acquisition-related costs. Our provision for transaction loan losses came in 10 basis points higher than last year. We generated strong free cash flow during the quarter and paid down $600.0 million on our line of credit. At quarter end we had $400.0 million drawn on our credit facility with the remaining capacity at $1.4 billion. Cash and cash equivalents was $3.1 billion at quarter end, of which $2.7 billion was held internationally. Now let me turn to our second quarter non-GAAP guidance. Our guidance reflects weak consumer spending, tight cost controls, and the negative impacts from foreign exchange. In Q2 we expect to generate revenue of $1.85 billion to $2.05 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $0.34 to $0.36. Compared to the first quarter, the midpoint of our guidance is down approximately $70.0 million on the top line, and $0.04 on the bottom line, primarily driven by seasonality. Consistent with recent trends, we assume that the declines in GMV and TPV will remain relatively stable with Q1 levels and we expect that take rate will decline as more of our sellers achieve discounts for high service levels. In addition, we anticipate that volume in CPCs and the online advertising markets will continue to come under pressure. Based on these factors, the implications for the second half will be as follows: First, we assume the economy and our volume will remain relatively stable; we anticipate our take rate will continue to fall as more of our GMV is sold by high-quality sellers; and third, as per recent trends we expect advertising to be softer throughout the year. Combined, these factors are likely to negatively impact our second half EPS by approximately $0.04 to $0.06 when compared to the first half. In summary, we continue to operate in a challenging economic environment and our task at hand is to focus on what we can control. We will manage costs diligently and at the same time continue to invest in our portfolio. We are on track to execute against our 2009 priorities and beyond, to strengthen our portfolio, and to extend our leadership in e-commerce and online payments. We believe our agreement to acquire Gmarket will strengthen our position in Asia and our intent to conduct an IPO with Skype will focus the portfolio on our two core businesses. And finally, we believe the financial architecture of our plan will allow us to make the necessary investments in and changes to our businesses while still delivering strong top line, bottom line, and free cash flow to our shareholders. And now we would be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley.
Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley: Two please. The first one related to the $500.0 billion liquidation opportunity. EBay has always been a pretty healthy marketplace for excess and liquidation goods so I was just wondering if you flush that out a little bit. Are there incremental opportunities, are focusing on things like Smart Bargains and Buy.com or could you just walk us through that opportunity in a little more detail. And then secondly, the $2.0 billion of efficiencies that youve highlighted over the next three years, it seems like PayPal processing costs are a pretty significant component of that. And in as well shifting payment processing away from credit cards can be helped by Bill Me Later, so I was wondering your early progress in that area of shifting payment processing costs away from credit cards towards ACH transfers, or even with Bill Me Later replacing credit card processing.
John Donahoe: Congratulations on your new home. Let me just talk for a minute about secondary market. What secondary market was is a label that attempts to capture what we view as our sweet spot. And let me try to definitize it a little more clearly.  On eBay were going to have the new in-season merchandise much like every other retailer in the world. You can get the latest HP laptop one of 30 places online, including on eBay. And so our small sellers or advertisers will bring that, but thats not our primary focus. Our focus is to have that but then to offer inventory that no one else can.  And that inventory really comes in, I would say, two or three categories. One is the historical eBay sweet spot, which is the used [inaudible] inventory. But second there is this, as you described, liquidation opportunity that we have frankly always had a piece of.  But there is a third piece that we see as one of the fastest growing offline segments as product life cycles compress, particularly in fashion and in consumer electronics, which are brand new items that are one season out of date. And this is whole explosion in outlet malls across the world where retailers want to get rid of this stuff, they dont want it in their retail store and yet they dont to deal with getting rid of it. And it turns out that whole segment is very underpenetrated online because its a very inefficient supply chain. And so a marketplace, and the eBay marketplace is the perfect place to offer that because we have a wide variety of sellers so that whether its an entrepreneurial middle man that got a piece of that inventory or whether its a retailer that wants to put it directly on the marketplace or whether its an element model that wants to do it, we can offer that. And then we give buyers the only place online where you can compare the brand new item with the item thats one season out of cycle with a refurbished item with the used item. And so we think this both captures what is our historical sweet spot, as well as a growing market opportunity where we are very well positioned to win. And you mentioned private sales. Let me just give you an example of the kinds of things that we can now do on eBay that frankly, eight short months ago we couldnt, because of the way we operated. In this Daily Deals, what this is really doing is giving us the chance to drive high-volume inventory, quickly. So take a buy.com, which isbuy.com put X-box live subscription cards on our Daily Deals one day last month and they put it on for about half what it is available otherwise and they sold 8,000 of them in 6 hours. And you think about 12 months ago, you couldnt have sold 6,000 of anything quickly on eBay. TigerDirect.com sold 3,500 surge protectors in less than 5 hours.  So what its allowing is people to bring high volumes of fixed-price inventory on the site and move it quickly. And we think thats an opportunity where our marketplace is uniquely suited to win.
Bob Swan: Let me take the second question of your one allowed question. You know, we laid out at analyst day our plans over the next 3 years to operate smarter, which we believe will enable us to generate $2.0 billion in cost savings that we would re-deploy to invest and grow.  And we really broke it down into three key areas. One was improving the end-to-end customer experience across all three businesses and in doing so increase the efficiency of our sales and marketing spend and reduce contacts into our customer support centers.  Secondly, we said we would simplify the organization and as a result lower our overall G&A costs over the three-year time frame. And third, and directly to your point, was transaction expense in our PayPal business is a large component of that expense space and that we believe by offering choice for consumers we could also lower processing costs. And weve been making some pretty good progress on this over time.  I think the evidence of it is reflected in our transaction expense. Its been coming down modestly over the last six to eight quarter. We expect it continue to trend in that direction over time and as we integrate Bill Me Later into the PayPal wallet and on eBay we believe that will continue to drive down transaction expense while giving our consumers more and more choice.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel: I was wondering if you just highlight the sequential decline in Bill Me Later given that the Q4 number you are reporting is only for about a month and a half. It seems like a fairly steep decline and I was just curious if they have any mix issues that make it more seasonal, I guess, than your merchant service business. And then I was just wondering, also, John, if you could just highlight more on the stabilization that you keep talking about and is embedded in your guidance.
Bob Swan: On the first one on Bill Me Later, the primary decline is in the loan portfolio balance at the end of the period so that the full 90 days is not really a driver. But the decline in the loan portfolio or the balance at the end of the period is primarily driven by two things.  One is just seasonality. Fourth quarter is a higher quarter for Bill Me Later and then those consumers pay off their balances in a relatively timely manner so Q4 to Q1 seasonality with Bill Me Later is all else equal, going to be coming down. And secondly and probably more importantly is our credit decision you mentioned in that our collective desire and the teams ability with their decision you mentioned to in tough economic times and tough credit environments with high unemployment, they have the ability in their model to be tighter in their decisioning and we did that during the course of the quarter and as a result we took on lower balances consciously as we tried to manage the dynamics between both growth and risk management.
John Donahoe: On the crystallization, or the stabilization, heres what were seeing. There is no doubt it is a tough economic environment and thats global. We see that in the U.S., the U.K., going down Continental Europe and across Asia. And if we were to piece apart the quarter, it was getting worse in the first four to six weeks of the quarter and over the last, really four weeks, we say growth rates stabilizing. Now they arent stabilizing at rates we like. We like the fact that they are stabilizing at 30% organically with PayPal merchant services but we would like that to be 40% or 50%. We dont like the fact that they are stabilizing at minus 5% in our core GMV business. We would like that to be plus 5%. But nonetheless we see the decline has flowed and they seem to be kind of flat-lining a little bit. So we cant, we dont have any crystal ball better than anyone else about what is going to happen in the global economy in the second quarter and second half of the year, but we are focusing on what we can control, which is trying to provide great value for both our buyers and sellers, consumers and merchants.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney  Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Just a quick question on the Skype segment margin. I think that 23%+ is nicely above your long-term margin outlook. Is there something new? And it also seems like you had some new product and events roll out this quarter so that makes that 23% even more impressive. Is there something that brings that down over the balance of the year and through the next two years and the reason why we shouldnt think about that as the steady state going forward?
Bob Swan: When we talked to you at analyst day we highlighted both the progress the Skype business is making and our belief that we can more than double the business over the next three years and gave a margin structure in the 18% to 20% range. Quarter-over-quarter margins have continued to expand but we are going to make sure that we continue to reinvest to fully capitalize on the long-term growth potential of Skype. We believe that at this stage that over the next three years 18% to 20% is probably the right range to be thinking about, making the appropriate investments to invest and grow and enhance its competitiveness.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital.
Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital: Bob, can you give us a little bit more color on the comments you made on the back half of the year, and in particular the comments on GMV and TPV stabilizing, but youll be on easier comps there in the back half. And does that include Gmarket being slightly accretive as well, for the year.
Bob Swan: If you dont mind, Ill try to be a little more holistic about what we know but also what we dont know and in terms of how we have tried to be as transparent as we can in articulating both the second quarter and the second half of the year. The second quarters guidance essentially reflects Johns comments before about stabilization and growth rates in our core business Q1 to Q2 on a year-over-year basis. And revenues we expect will come down, not because of a lack of stabilization but more a function of seasonality of Q1 to Q2. And then secondly, take rates coming down Q1 to Q2 as more of our sellers provide better service and as a result the power seller discounts continue to go down. So that we feel relatively comfortable with, the first half.  In the second half, we are not going to give full year guidance, just like last quarter. What we are trying to do is trying to tell what we know is going to happen thats within our control. When we look at the second half a couple of points worth mentioning.  One is clearly the comps will be easier for a couple of reasons. One is, as you will remember, last year in the August time frame, and for the rest of the year, things got pretty hairy in the global economic environment and that dramatically impacted our second half results. And two, currency comps get much easier in the second half. So those two things, strictly from a comp basis, will work in our favor. At the same time, we are going to continue to take the steps necessary to improve our competitive position and we believe our sellers are going to continue to adopt their models to provide better service for our consumers. And the implication to that is we believe our take rate will come down from the first half to the second half as we make those decision to enhance our competitiveness and they make those decisions to enhance their service levels. That is within our control and our community of users control and we feel like that is a reality of the second half, and as a result, all else equal, we expect revenues to come down. The second thing is advertising has been relatively soft throughout the quarter and we are expecting the dynamics that weve been seeing on traffic and page use and CPCs, that that will continue to be soft during the second half. The last thing I would say is that does not really capture the impact of the Gmarket acquisition that we expect to conclude at the end of this quarter. And as we indicated last week, we will add $125.0 million to $130.0 million in top line growth in the second half and be modestly accretive as well. So I hope that helps provide some context about what we do have pretty good insight into and the things that we dont good insight into and that is just how the global economic environment is going to be in the second half of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein.
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein: I notice that net charge offs are still going up [inaudible]. Could you give us an indication, is this deterioration in the original book of business and more days or is this being driven by new business that you are booking since the acquisition? And then, second, the fixed-price format seems to be stronger, have stronger adoption overseas. The results suggest that fixed price seems stronger overseas. Is this the case or are we seeing currency effects here?
Bob Swan: Let me answer your first question and then Ill ask you to maybe clarify the second part because Im not sure I got it. In terms of Bill Me Laters charge offs, the first point I would make is its relatively as we expected so provisioning levels and how we set provisions havent really changed from pre-acquisition to time of close in really over the last four or so months and its been in the portfolio. So it has kind of trended as we have expected. What has trended a little bit worse, or better than we expected, depending on how you think about it, is the growth of the portfolio, it is not growing as much as we thought. And that has been a conscious decision. And as a result the loan portfolio is not growing as much, the denominator is smaller, charge offs have been relatively in line with what we thought, and as a result the net charge off percent has been growing a little bit more. So its more a function of the business and the credit decisioning that were making as opposed to higher charge off dollars than we anticipated at the time of the acquisition. Could I ask you if you could just restate the second question a little bit so I understand a bit better.
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein: Yes. Is fixed price growing faster overseas or is it growing faster in the U.S.
Bob Swan: You know, when we gave you the fixed-price dynamics and the geographic dynamics and implied in that is, yes, internationally the business is growing faster than it is here domestically and that goes for fixed price as well.
John Donahoe: But we arent seeing fundamentally different consumer behavior across formats, certainly across the U.S. and Europe. Asia has always been North Asia, Korea, China, have always been primarily fixed-price markets so IAC has been a truthfully fixed-price market. Gmarket in essence if fixed-price. But the underlying consumer behavior and format choice it seems, fixed price, classified, auctions, advertising, we see some real similarities across the major European countries, Australia, and the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Mitchell  Goldman Sachs.
James Mitchell  Goldman Sachs: I am going to waste the one question on a clarification since American is my second language. But when you refer to declines in GMV and TPV stabilizing, do you mean that the GMV and TPV stabilize at the first quarter dollar levels, which I guess would be good for the marketplace and not so good for PayPal, or do you mean that the percentage rates have changed, persist through the year at similar levels so the percentage rates have changed in the first quarter?
Bob Swan: Im sure its not our language, Im sure its my communication. Stabilizing at the growth rates in Q1 going into Q2. So the year-over-year growth rates stabilizing roughly the same in Q2 and they were in Q1, for both merchant services, TPV, and non-eBay growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post  BAS-ML.
Justin Post  BAS-ML: When you look at the GMV declines, and your classified are definitely growing, how much pressure do you think is being put on GMV by some growth of your other formats or other things that are out there in the e-commerce market? And then maybe just a follow-on, you kind of indicated you think you can grow with the market in 2010 and then grow faster in 2011. What things are you seeing in the marketplace that maybe are masked by the economic environment that give you confidence that you can start taking share as you look out a couple of years.
John Donahoe: On your first question on the classifieds, as I said our strategy is to give buyers and sellers choice and to give them choice of format so they can buy what they want, when they want it, in the format they want it. And what we are finding, interestingly, is people do buy different things in different formats. That the same buyer will buy a used Coach on a classified site, buy a gift for their grandmother in the auction format, and buy a new watch on a fixed-rate format. And so, yes, we think there is some substitution for classifieds for what used to be in auctions because auctions used to be, or auctions is primarily focused on items that are either hard to find, which often used items are, or if items are of a certain value, which used items are, and classifieds is a nice format for used items if you want to sell locally. So the good news is we recognized that three or four years ago and have been building what is a growing classified business. And so our whole strategy in e-commerce is to have these complimentary formats and if classifieds grows more quickly than another format, thats okay, as long as were helping that buyer and seller connect successfully. Same thing on the seller side. We see sellers that sell both in classified and in the marketplace. And then in terms of growing ads more faster than the market, again, every format we have except auctions is growing faster than e-commerce. So fixed price is growing faster than e-commerce and has been now for many quarters. Classifieds is, Stuff Hub is, advertising is, even though it really softened this quarter. And auctions is the only format thats not. You know. Good, bad, or indifferent, auctions, two years ago accounted for three-quarters of what we did. Today it accounts for half of our GMV. Two or three years from now it will account probably for, I dont know, 30% or 40%. And so we think that dynamic, combined with the changes we are making, we believe are going to improve the health of our underlying eBay marketplace over the next six to twelve to eighteen months. And so we think the combination of those two factors make us comfortable saying that we will grow with the market next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heath Terry  FBR Capital Markets.
Heath Terry  FBR Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could give us a sense of the impact that youre seeing from the proliferation and free shipping on repeat customers. Is there anything more that you can do with what your free shipping among sellers to the extent that maybe at some point you start to require it in certain categories?
John Donahoe: Clearly free shipping is becoming more prevalent in shopping online. Our best sense is that roughly 40% of e-commerce in the United States is free shipping. And were now up to 30% on eBay. And our strategy, consistent with our philosophy, has been not to dictate it but to provide the right incentives and words for sellers to make the right tradeoffs. And what we see is, its a very different picture, category by category, where there are certain categories now where its almost a given its going to be free shipping. Books, music, and video, a lot of the smaller consumer electronics categories. And any seller that doesnt offer it wont succeed. So we have provided incentives to do it, we have provided advantages in search to sort of get it kick-started. But youve seen other categories, items that are of heavier value or often in an auction situation, people charge for shipping. They charge their costs. And we try to drive out excessive shipping but what they have found, and again, our sellers are very shrewd, they are optimizing to whats working for them and whats helping them in their conversion, and those categories they are continuing to charge for shipping. So we are going to continue to sort of provide the carrots and incentives and rewards for those that provide free shipping and the best value and we think our marketplace will find its natural landing point. My guess is theres probably 10 points more. I would guess we will be 30% to 40% by the end of the year. And that is what overall e-commerce is. I mean, its important to remember that 60% of e-commerce still charges for shipping. And I think once we get to the right equilibrium we will continue to moderate and self-correct.
Operator: Your final question comes from Analyst for Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company.
Analyst for Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company: John, as you evaluate your portfolio of assets, would it be fair to assume that essentially all the options are on the table, including the possible sale of your interest in Craigs List where you have a 20% equity interest and as well as the assets such as shopping.com that you have, which has been underperforming?
John Donahoe: As I said in our panel today, our focus is on connecting buyers and sellers and we have two core growth engines, or businesses that do that: e-commerce and payments. And in the e-commerce world we have our eBay business and we have some other formats that we think have synergies with the core eBay business, like shopping.com provides capability synergies in terms of classification, catalogue, and search. Classifieds provides synergies in the ways I was talking about early, and our craigslist ownership, we have no active plans one way or another. Stuff Hub is another example of a different e-commerce format that we think has strong synergies with our core business.  Stumble Upon, while we initially thought it might have some synergies with, and capability synergies around search, discovery based search, didnt. And once we came to that determination, we divested it.  Same thing in payments, our other core business. Bill Me Later is an example of an adjacency that has got synergies. And Skype was our example of a business that didnt have synergies, and as I said, Ive been very consistent from the day I took over CEO, we assess it and we will evaluate it. So heres what I think you can expect. Is everything on the table? Yes, in the following sense. We view as job as to drive maximum value for our shareholders. We believe the best way we can do that is to have strong core businesses that have synergies were extracting and we grow those businesses and strengthen them over time and that will deliver the best value to shareholders. Where we see theres not synergy or where that synergy is not what we imagined or gets spent out, then well act in the best interest of both that business and shareholders. And I hope you are beginning to see a track record of doing that with Stumble Upon in a small way and Skype in a bigger way. And we will continue to apply that methodology, we will be very disciplined with our capital. Bob does a great job of ensuring were doing that and I think you will see our acquisition track record in recent years will bear fruit. And so we will continue to run the company that and we think thats the best way to deliver value for our customers and deliver value for you and our shareholders.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen - VP, IR John Donahoe - CEO Bob Swan - CFO
Analysts: Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus Mark Mahaney - Citi Steve Weinstein - Pacific Crest Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Ben Schachter - UBS Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company Imran Khan - JPMorgan 
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to eBay's fourth quarter and year end 2008 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions). At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mark Rowen, VP of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead, sir.
Mark Rowen: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year of 2008. Joining me on today's call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both, the presentation and call, are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of, those measure to the nearest comparable GAAP measures, in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call. In addition, Management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the company's ability to grow its business, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, the impact of recent global economic events and the global economic downturn, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political business and economic conditions, our ability to profitably expand our business model to new types of merchandise and sellers, the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, our need to manage regulatory tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry, and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable cost, while adding new features and maintaining site stability. You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent Annual Report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.eBay.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them. All information in the presentation is as of January 21, 2009, and we do not intend and undertake any duty to update this presentation. And now I'll turn the call over to John.
John Donahoe: Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 earnings call. Today I'll talk about our results from both the Q4 and annual perspective. I'll then outline our key priorities for the coming year, before turning it over to Bob, for more details on the quarter and our Q1 '09 outlook. Let's start with a quick look at our Q4 results. Clearly, we've been operating in an almost unprecedented external environment. You are all aware of the news that we've been reading. This is an extremely difficult holiday season where consumer spending dropped dramatically, while retail sales experienced the biggest decline in decades and even e-commerce saw negative growth for the first time. There is no doubt that eBay was impacted by the macro economy, and our fourth quarter results reflect this. Our revenue for the quarter was down about 7% to just over $2 billion, non-GAAP EPS was down about 9% to $0.41. This is eBay's first negative year-over-year quarter. We are not happy about that, however, our Q4 revenue is within the quarterly guidance we set and our EPS is at the high-end. We knew the holiday season would be extremely challenging and we managed our business with a prudent mix of operating discipline and competitiveness. We fought for our sellers and buyers. Our focus was helping our sellers compete in a brutal competitive environment and offered great deals for buyers on eBay, while continuing to grow PayPal, and the rest of our portfolio, faster than e-commerce and we achieved these goals. Let me provide a couple of examples. On eBay, our highest rated sellers, those rated 4A and above, grew their businesses 17% in the fourth quarter, once again demonstrating that sellers who deliver the best deal and a great shopping experience are growing their businesses on eBay. PayPal Merchant Services' total payment volume grew 35% in Q4, despite slowing e-commerce growth and classifieds continued to thrive in this tough economic environment. To summarize, Q4 created unique challenges, but we executed well in a difficult environment. Now, let me turn to the full year. Overall, our annual financial results met the initial guidance we set at the beginning of the year, and we accomplished this in a year where we embraced a tremendous amount of fundamental change and a year where the external market deteriorated significantly. Our performance for the full year, not only reflects the strength of our portfolio, but also the operating discipline and strategic clarity and focus with which our Management team is leading the company going forward. When I was named Chief Executive Officer at the beginning of last year, I said that we are a strong company with a great portfolio of assets. I also said that our user experience on eBay had not kept up and we needed to do make some fundamental changes to that business, and so, I set three clear priorities. First, make eBay safer and easier to use. Second, improve value and selection by combining fixed price with auctions in a uniquely eBay way. Third, extend PayPal's leadership position both on and off eBay. At the beginning of the year, I said that we would move aggressively in 2008 and exit the year a stronger company, but that achieving our priorities would take time. So, let me recap how we did. We made more fundamental changes to our core eBay business than any point in our history, most of which we implemented in the second half of the year. Many of these changes were overdue and were things that our sellers had been asking for and our buyers had come to expect. Today, eBay is safer and easier to use than a year ago. Our pricing is more competitive, our success is more aligned with that of our sellers and the fixed price and auctions are becoming more balanced. But let me be clear, we still have a lot of work to do. We are evolving a large and complex marketplace, and the significant structural changes we made in 2008, provide the necessary foundation for us to continue moving aggressively ahead to accelerate growth in our core business. We also continue to expand the number of ways we connect buyers and sellers. We have strong momentum in advertising, classifieds and StubHub. For the full year, text and graphical advertising revenue was up 139%, StubHub was up 54%, and classifieds grew 57%. These alternative ecommerce formats are increasingly giving us profitable, scalable and more diverse ways to monetize our traffic and connect buyers and sellers.  Collectively, our alternative formats delivered over $1 billion in revenue in 2008. We've also strengthened PayPal both on and off eBay. PayPal increased its penetration on eBay by nine points during 2008 to 63%, and we significantly expanded market share off eBay during the year. We reached two important milestones for PayPal during 2008. For the first time, PayPal TPV of eBay, exceeded volume on eBay and PayPal Merchant Services business is now a $1 billion business, up 45% year-over-year. We also made two acquisitions that strengthened PayPal during the year, which I'll elaborate more on in a minute. Skype had a terrific year. Revenues of $551 million were up 44% and registered users reached 405 million, up 47%, and Skype's user metrics improved significantly during the year.  As I said many times, Skype is a great standalone business, and more and more people around the world are discovering the power of Skype as a communications tool. I love the Skype anecdote that Vice President, Biden and his wife Jill shared earlier this week on Oprah.  Using Skype on their laptop, the Biden's chatted live by video with their son who was in Iraq, while the Biden's were backstage on election night. What a fabulous example of how Skype helps families to share important moments together, regardless of where they are in the world. Now across our portfolio, technology is increasingly a key enabler of our growth and we invested more in our eBay and PayPal technology platforms in 2008 than ever before. We also significantly strengthened our portfolio through the acquisitions of Fraud Sciences', Bill Me Later, DBA and BilBasen. Fraud Sciences' enhances PayPal to risk management capabilities; Bill Me Later further extends our leadership position in payments; and DBA and BilBasen, the top sites in Denmark, broaden our global leadership in online classifieds.  Now, while strategically investing $1.6 billion in our portfolio through these acquisitions, we also maintained a healthy balance sheet, ending the year with more than $3 billion in cash. Organizationally, we strengthened our management team and drove greater operating discipline across our company. As the economy began to turn, we took decisive action early and quickly to simplify our organization and reduce our global workforce by approximately 10%. As a result, we are entering 2009 with a prudent cost structure. And last, but not least, we met our financial commitments to you. Simply put, we did what we said we would do. We delivered double-digit revenue and earnings growth and generated $2.3 billion in free cash flow, while maintaining a healthy balance sheet.  All-in-all, we played a pretty decent game when most playbooks failed. That's not to say we're content. We are aware of the challenges we face, and I am intent on continuing to address these. But we also have significant opportunities and I'm confident about our company's future. We have exited 2008 a stronger company. Our portfolio is more diversified than ever and we are more effectively monetizing our platforms in a greater variety of ways. And I'll remind you that we have proven business models that have significant growth opportunities.  We still have a lot of work to do in our core eBay business. Our priorities, on making eBay safer and easier to use and improving value and selection, remain consistent for 2009. We are making the necessary changes, tough changes, and we are doing so with focus and conviction.  At the same time, we have a powerful portfolio; one that, I frankly believe, is not fully credited in the value of the company. And during 2009, PayPal, Bill Me Later, advertising, classifieds, Stub Hubs and our other businesses will continue to contribute more revenue, more earnings and more opportunities as we grow, scale and diversify the ways in which we connect buyers and sellers and monetize traffic. We are the global ecommerce leader and we intend to maintain and extend that position. The macroeconomic environment will continue to be extremely challenging in 2009, and we plan conservatively. But tough times create opportunities for strong companies to get stronger and we intended to do just that in 2009.  Now, I will turn it over to Bob for more details on the quarter and our financial outlook for Q109.
Bob Swan: Thanks, John. First I'll review our Q4 and full year 2008 financial performance in some detail, and then I'll discuss guidance for the first quarter of 2009. During my discussion I'll reference our earnings slides presentation that accompanies the webcast. All growth rates mentioned in my prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons, unless I clarify otherwise. Overall, our revenue was down 7%, non-GAAP earnings were down 9%, and we generated $525 million in free cash flow during the quarter. Q4 financial results were impacted by a difficult economic environment coupled with a strengthening US dollar. Through belt tightening, we were able to deliver at the high end of our EPS guidance range despite the fact that revenue came in at the low end. 2008 overall was a good year financially; strong revenue growth, stronger EPS growth and excellent free cash flow. We had a strong first half with revenue and EPS up 22% and 25% respectively, but the second half proved to be extremely challenging as global ecommerce slowed, the dollar strengthened considerably, and interest rates declined. Let's take a closer look at our Q4 results. Our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2 billion in the fourth quarter, a 7% decrease. Organic revenue, excluding acquisitions and foreign exchange was down 3%, and couponings spending reduced revenue growth by an additional three points. Revenue was negatively impacted throughout the quarter by weakness in the economy as well as a much stronger US dollar. Despite the tough economic environment, PayPal Merchant Services, Classifieds, advertising and Skype delivered strong growth. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.41 in the quarter, a 9% decrease. Excluding the impact of the strengthening dollar, our EPS increased 7%. Tight cost controls offset the impact of lower volume and higher coupon expense. Our operating margins for the quarter were 32.8%. We generated free cash flow of $525 million, and CapEx, as a percentage of revenues, came in at 8%. Return on invested capital decreased to 26.6% on a trailing 12-month basis. The decline was primarily attributable to an increase in invested capital due to the acquisitions of Bill Me Later and DBA and BilBasen in the quarter. Now, let's take a look at our segment results. Overall, our Marketplaces businesses segment achieved net revenues of $1.3 billion, a 16% decrease. Excluding the impact of currency, revenues were down 10%. Transaction revenue decreased 18%, while marketing services revenues stayed flat. The year-over-year change in transaction revenues was primarily driven by declining ASP's, a strengthening dollar, as well as our coupon campaign and seller discounts, which are recorded as contra-revenue. Marketing services continued to become a bigger component of the Marketplaces revenue as we expand our formats and methods of monetization on the site. Classifieds grew 48%, text and graphical advertising were up 47%, but Shopping.com declined 50%, as rule changes, made by search engines last summer, disrupted Shopping's traffic. A couple of quick highlights on operational metrics for Marketplaces. Active user growth came in at 5% on a trailing twelve-month basis, excluding China and Taiwan; sold items were up 3% in the quarter, GMV on a geographic basis had the US, excluding vehicles, down 9%, and international flat on an FX neutral basis. We remain encouraged by our progress in the fixed price format, which accounted for 49% of GMV in the quarter, and continued to perform better than the market. Now, let's turn to our payments business. PayPal posted a strong quarter and now represents 31% of companywide revenues. Total revenue came in at $623 million, an 11% increase. Total payment volume was $16 billion, an increase of 14%. TPV increased by 13% in the US while growing by 15% internationally. PayPal continues to move towards ubiquity on the web through increased penetration on eBay, and an increasingly expanded footprint beyond eBay. PayPal extended its international presence with 45% of revenues coming from outside the US. In key operating metrics, global active PayPal accounts grew to 70 million, an increase of 23%.  On eBay, PayPal's global penetration rate of addressable GMV increased to 63%. Beyond the eBay platform, PayPal Merchant Services business posted a strong quarter despite the difficult economic environment. Merchant Services recorded $8.3 billion of global TPV in the quarter, representing 35% growth, and accounting for 52% of total TPV. PayPal's global take rate came in at 3.78% in the first quarter, while transaction margins were 61%. I'd also like to discuss some key operating metrics for our latest acquisition, Bill Me Later, a leading online transactional credit provider. This strategic addition to our portfolio strengthens and extends PayPal's leadership position in online payments. Our portfolio balance at year end was $570 million. BML's unique transactional based credit decisioning model enables the business to adapt to the changing economic environment, while earning a higher than industry average risk adjusted margin. In a tough credit climate the BML team has been tightening their credit decisioning model. As expected, net charge-offs as a percent of receivables have increased moderately, but the increase is much less than other credit issuers, and in line with our expectations. We continue to make progress with the integration of Bill Me Later and PayPal. We terminated BML's high cost financing facility and replaced it with eBay's lower cost to borrowing. Cross promotional efforts with the BML and PayPal customers is progressing as expected and we've begun integrating our risk management and sales function as well. The acquisition is off to a great start. Now let's turn to our communications business. Skype posted total revenue of $145 million in the quarter, an increase of 26%. Excluding currency translation, Skype revenue accelerated 5 points in the quarter. Total registered users grew to an impressive 405 million, representing an increase of 47%. Skype-to-Skype minutes increased to more than 20 billion in the quarter, to represent 72% growth. SkypeOut increased by 61% to 2.6 billion minutes. The team at Skype continues to invest and grow the business, while maintaining attractive margins. Overall, Skype had an extremely good year with strong user metrics and an increasing global footprint, recording over $550 million in revenue and segment margins of approximately 21%. Now, let me touch briefly on ink level operating expenses and cash position before I discuss guidance. We recorded $668 million of non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP net income of $524 million. Sales and marketing as a percent of revenue decreased by 300 basis points, largely due to investments in buyer loyalty and retention, much of which gets recorded as contra-revenue instead of being expensed as sales and marketing.  Product development came in 30 basis points higher than last year, while G&A was 80 basis points lower. We now have a separate line item provision for losses which includes a number of items including transaction losses in marketplaces and PayPal, consumer protection guarantees, and BML loan losses. Cash and cash equivalents were $3.2 billion at year end. Of this, $300 million was held in the US. Net cash was $2.2 billion as we drew down $1 billion on our line of credit to finance the BML acquisition. We had $840 million remaining on our credit facility at the end of the year. Before we get to the outlook for 2009, I'd like to put the full year 2008 in context. Overall, it was a strong year for us. We delivered $8.5 billion in revenues and 11% increase, $1.71 of EPS, a 12% increase, and we generated $2.3 billion of free cash flow during the course of the year. We delivered solid operating margins of 32%, with segment margins flat or better across all three of our business segments for the year. It was a year where we embarked on a series of bold actions to improve the competitiveness of our core eBay business, expanding selection, making the site safer and easier to use, and improving the value of deals on the site. John captured this earlier in his remarks. We've demonstrated some good progress, but lots of work remains to be done. We also continued to expand the ways we connect our community of users across our portfolio of businesses, and as a result, we have an increasingly diverse portfolio of businesses and revenue streams. Over the last three years, we've virtually doubled the size of the company, expanded our global footprint with 54% of our business coming from outside the US and diversified our revenue stream with about 45% of revenues coming from non-eBay transaction revenue. Our recent acquisition of Bill Me Later, DBA, and BilBasen will allow us to continue to extend the ways we connect buyers and sellers. We have lots of work to do, but believe we end 2008 with a stronger and healthier portfolio of businesses well-positioned to deal with extremely turbulent economic times. Let me put some context around our guidance. Historically, we've given full-year guidance on our Q1 call and will not be doing so today. The uncertain and unprecedented economic environment, coupled with the volatile currency movement, make it difficult to provide any meaningful outlook beyond the first quarter, so, let me turn to our first quarter non-GAAP guidance. In Q1, we expect to generate revenues of $1.8 billion to $2.05 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $0.32 to $0.34. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.21 to $0.23. Our guidance reflects tight cost controls against the backdrop of weaker consumer spending, along with a negative impact from foreign exchange and lower interest rates, both of which had a significant impact on our business. The midpoint of our guidance is down about 12%, over the first quarter of 2008. The biggest driver of this decline is a stronger US dollar, which will cost us approximately 10 points of growth in the quarter. Our EPS at $0.32 to $0.34 is down 22% year-on-year. The stronger dollar, lower interest rates, and dilutions from our recent acquisitions, will cost us approximately $0.11 in the quarter after adjusting for these factors. Tight cost controls will offset the impact from volume declines, mix and investments in our higher growth businesses. Without trying to predict where currencies and interest rates will be throughout the year, I've highlighted the impact these factor will have on the business, along with the dilution from acquisition, assuming rates to remain at their current levels, the combined impact on the full year would be more than $600 million in revenue, and $0.30 or more cents to EPS. Our challenge in this environment is to focus on what we can control, which means we will manage cost diligently as we seek a clear picture on the economy and the overall growth rate of the business. At the same time, we'll continue to invest in the higher growth businesses within our portfolio. In summary, as John said, we are clear about the challenges and opportunities we have in front of us. We are clear on what needs to be done in order to accelerate future growth in our eBay business, and I believe we have our best people in place to focus on our most difficult challenges.  We will focus on growing and strengthening our portfolio, by extending our leadership position into ecommerce, online payments and online communication. We believe the financial architecture of our plan will allow us to invest in and continue to make the necessary changes to our business, while still delivering a strong top line, bottom line and free cash flow to our shareholders. And now we'd be happy to answer your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will hear first from Doug Anmuth of Barclays Capital.
Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital: Great, thank you for taking my question. A couple of things; first, I was hoping that you could give some color on conversion rates and ASPs in terms of, I assume, the declines there, as you have in previous quarters. And then, secondly, can you comment on the increased emphasis that you guys have put recently on larger merchants and, in particular, the Buy.com relationship and how other similar ones have gone so far. Do you expect the platform to continue to move in this direction and what does this mean; overtime for some of the smaller sellers on eBay? Thank you.
Bob Swan: Hey, Doug, let me tackle the first one and then have John address the second one. What we indicated for the quarter is our sold items grew by about 3%, and that's a function of the equation you've seen throughout the year, with strong listings growth, but having an impact on conversion rates. So conversion rates did come down.  GMV and our core business, excluding vehicles, were down 4%, excluding the affect of currencies. The difference is a seven point decline in ASPs during the quarter, as we saw consumers continue to trade down and, also, we continue to serve up the great deals on eBay, in a more effective and efficient manner, with our new search platform.
John Donahoe: And Doug, on your second question on the larger merchants; here's how we do it. Let me just say right up front, we are still committed to individual and small business sellers. So, that us creating opportunity for them to sell on eBay, is as true today as it was five years ago.  That said, what sellers have been telling us for years, the most successful sellers that have been scaling their businesses, say that eBay is a very hard platform to scale on and at some point they reach a point where the way we operate is challenging for them, and so, we are evolving our platform to make it easier for larger merchants to upload higher volumes of inventory on eBay, and we are also trying to make it easier to move deep volume on eBay.  One of the encouraging things that we saw in the fourth quarter was, you may have seen, our deal of the day promotions and we had several examples where sellers came in and said we are going to offer an extraordinary deal on a given item, and we had sellers that were moving 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 items within a 24-hour period of time. So we don't view it as either-or; our ambition is to have the most diverse selection and the most flexible platform so that both small sellers and large sellers can compete and drive good values and deals for our buyers.
Mark Rowen: Operator, we'll take the next question, and if we could ask the callers to limit themselves to one question, so more people get a chance to ask questions, we'd appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you and we'll move next to Scott Devitt with Stifel Nicolaus.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: I'll limit it to one. In reference to Skype, in the slide you noted that the revenue accelerated by 500 basis points on an organic basis and so now, it's on a run rate of north of $600 million in revenue and segment margins of above $120 million. So, I was wondering if you could just update us on your thoughts or plans in terms of creating shareholder value with Skype. Thanks.
John Donahoe: Thanks Scott. I said from the beginning, I think I said it a year ago, Skype is a great standalone business and that I was uncertain of the synergies between Skype and the other parts of our portfolio, and certainly today, I still think it's a great stand alone business. And as you referenced, I think we've done a great job on really strengthening this business this year. I think Josh Silverman and his team, who I put in during March or April, have had a very positive impact on this business. Skype-to-Skype minutes last Q4 were growing at 26%, today they are growing at 72%, primarily because more and more users are adopting this product in tough economic times; a free product has a lot of traction. SkypeOut minutes have gone from 7% last Q4 to 61% growth this Q4, and that said, it's a $600 million run rate with 20% margin. So, there is no doubt this is a great standalone business that's getting stronger. I think we are now confident that the synergies between Skype and the other parts of our portfolio are minimal. So, we are going to continue to run and operate the business. It's not a distraction currently and at such time when we have further announcement to that, we'll let you know, but for now, we are very pleased with the momentum of the business and it's not a distraction.
Mark Rowen:  Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from James Mitchell with Goldman Sachs. Mr. Mitchell, your line is open. You may be on mute. Hearing no response we'll move to our next question, Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Great, thanks. I wanted to ask about product development priorities on the Marketplace side. John, you've done a lot of changes, or eBay has done a lot of changes, both for targeting buyers and sellers. If you think about 2009, could you just tick off what you would now view as the top three priorities, in terms of improvements, you want to make? Thank you.
John Donahoe:  Sure, Mark. Thanks. So, I'm pleased with the progress we made in 2008. I'm frustrated it hasn't yet translated into enhanced revenue and GMV growth, but, at the beginning of the year we laid out three priorities, and let me just comment on each. I said that eBay's competitive position hasn't kept up and that we needed to focus first on safety or trust. And so a year ago, we had no incentives for sellers to provide a safe and good service experience. Today, we have DSRs and sellers discounts tied to DSRs, and there is evidence that it's clearly a safer place to shop, as evidenced by the high growth rates of high DSR sellers, but we still have more room to go. I said we want to make it easier. A year ago, we fully had pictures on two-thirds of the listings on eBay and today Gallery is an example with over 95%. But, we still need to make it easier. And then, on value and selection, this is the one we made the most fundamental or structural changes to. A year ago you'll remember, we were still using a fundamentally auctioned approach to both auctions and fixed priced in eBay. So, we treated all this things as the same, Time Ending Soonest was our search approach on all listings and we priced, both fixed price and auctions, exactly the same across all categories. And 12 short months later, we've rebalanced pricing overall, of both auctions and fixed price, and then we fundamentally changed how we approached fixed price, so that we can now optimize auctions and fixed price. Namely, we cut fixed price insertion fees to almost zero. We made them category based and we've gone in Q4 to popularity sort for fixed price item. So, I would characterize what we've done in 2008, as sort of making some of the necessary structural changes that provide the foundation for going forward.  If I were to take each of those areas for 2009; in trust, or making it safer; we will continue to build on what we've done, but leverage the increased PayPal penetration and look for ways to provide enhanced guarantees, and when people have problems, our resolutions will be easier and more affective. On making it easier to use; I feel like we've made a good start on search in 2008, but I think we can make it even easier to shop on eBay in 2009 through enhanced search where we will get better and better. And then driving value and selection through the balancing auctions and fixed price in an equal eBay way. In 2008, we sort of got the fundamentals I described earlier in terms of pricing and search. In 2009, I think, you can look to see a more cohesive user experience that creatively blends auctions and fixed price in different categories and different ways as we compete throughout the year. So, I'm as frustrated as anyone that the changes we made in no way lead to more immediate results, but I feel like it sets us up to go after the key priorities in 2009, and continue this, what will be, multiyear path we're on.
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Thank you, John.
Mark Rowen: Next question, please.
Operator: And next we will move to Steve Weinstein with Pacific Crest.
Steve Weinstein - Pacific Crest: Thank you. So, as you mentioned, you shifted some of your promotional strategy more towards couponing and trying to drive repeat purchases. I'm wondering what we should expect here for Q1 and the rest of 2009, or are you going to shift the balance back towards a more traditional kind of marketing and advertising type of methods?
John Donahoe: Steve, I feel like we made good progress in 2008. And frankly, given our penetration and scale in our more mature market, the competitive gain going forward, is not going to be adding the incremental new user. It's going to be, can we translate the strong user base we've got and large number of users and grow our share of wallet. And so, as you highlighted, we fairly significantly shifted our marketing mix in '08 more towards loyalty based and frequency based marketing. I think we learned a lot on couponing and on loyalty. Frankly, that helped us fight for our sellers in Q4. It was more a competitive fight against the discounts off on what we are providing. And I think, Q1 and the rest of '09 will continue to build on that. And it's interesting, I'm pleased that you see our active user growth with 5%, I wish that were higher, but that's some indication that activation rates are going up a little. Our sold item growth was 3%, I wish it were higher but it's higher than e-commerce growth rates and so we are going to continue to try to drive more frequency with our buyers and get them to shop more and more cross category. And I think we are just building our muscles, really, in those areas and will continue to build on the progress of '08 and drive it hard in '09 in what will be a very challenging competitive environment.
Steve Weinstein - Pacific Crest: Thank you, that's helpful.
Bob Swan: And Steve, the only thing I would add is, while strategically we will continue to do this, I think in '08, the year-over-year impact was fairly significant, because, we hadn't done that kind of loyalty retention based marketing in 2007. As we think about 2009, the year-over-year impact, we don't imagine, will be like it was in 2008, obviously, as we get to a more normalized level.
John Donahoe: Let me just add one more thing to build on. Our IM efforts, we didn't talk a lot about in '08 our Internet Marketing efforts, but we continued to be, I believe, the largest purchaser of key words and continue to achieve efficiencies and productivity in our effectiveness, both to generate new users through IM, but also to generate repeat usage. So, I think we continue to be the best in the world at that.
Mark Rowen:  Next question, please.
Operator: Next we will hear from Jeffrey Lindsay with Sanford Bernstein.
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you for taking my question. It looks like the Bill Me Later net charge-off rate is going up. Could I ask how the company managed BML? And will the net charge-off ratio be allowed to rise above the credit card industry average going forward? And, just a point of qualification, is BML offered oversees? Thank you.
Bob Swan: Let me take the second one first; on overseas, no, it's not offered. The ambitions of the PayPal and the Bill Be Later team are to take that functionality and competency overseas, but that's not where we are today. In terms of the net charge-offs, it did grow, what we don't know about the net charge-offs on a competitive basis is, how the others will come in when they report their Q4 results. So, we're not exactly sure how we rack and stack vis--vis the competition. But ours did trend up as we expected. What the team has done is they have tightened their credit decisioning model through the course of Q3 and Q4 to mitigate the impact of potential of higher losses. And that's their secret sauce and that's what they are great at. They have great risk management processes to ensure that in issuing transactional credit as opposed to a line of credit; with transactional credit, they can manage risk in a much more effective way than the rest of the industry. In terms of the net charge-offs itself, a couple of things different about the Bill Me Later model vis--vis the industry. And that is, their customer balance tends to turn more frequently and therefore their denominator isn't nearly as high. Therefore, all else equal, net charge-offs has a tendency to be a bit higher than industry. Secondly, in terms of balance transfers that the industry benefits from when they get somebody to switch credit card usage, is in the denominator of the competitive landscape and that's not a function of the BML model. So, all else equal, we expect that rate to be a little bit higher than the industry, just in terms of how it's measured. Our team continues to manage that very effectively with their credit decisioning model.
Mark Rowen: Next question, please, operator.
Operator: Our next question will come from Christa Quarles from Thomas Weisel.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel: Hi, I was curious about your hiring of Chris Payne. One of our views is that, in part of the issue on the site, it's just really a search problem, and I was wondering if you could highlight any specific product development that you expect to come out of that. And then just one quick housekeeping item, I was wondering if you could give us vehicle sales on a domestic and international split? Thanks.
John Donahoe:  So, thanks Christa. As you highlighted, for those that don't know, we bought a small search company in December and Chris Payne is the founder. We picked up Chris and a handful of other topnotch search engineers that not only have a deep background in search, but also brought some technologies we think would really help enhance our search capabilities. So, we are very excited about them joining our team, and we think they will help us accelerate our progress in search. And the way I feel of our step back on search, one of the real opportunities we have, is we have the close transaction data that no one else has online and, between eBay and PayPal, that's a real potential advantage. Frankly, 18 months ago we weren't even collecting that data, that close transaction data, and no way could we use it in search.  So, I feel like search is stronger today than it was a year ago, and it will be stronger, a lot stronger a year from now than it is today. And our current search team I think, enhanced by Chris and his team, are going to make good progress. Again, in '08, it was kind of a year of some heavy lifting and fundamentals. We launched a new search platform; we went to Best Match Search for the first time. So for the first time we incorporated seller quality in search results. We improved the search and recall ability. We went to popularity or relevant space search in Q4 in fixed price, but we are learning.  And I think in '09 we will build on those fundamentals, and I think it is, absolutely we have an opportunity to continue to improve the search experience on eBay. It's a journey that will probably never end, but it's one, that I think you'll see some real nice progress in '09.
Bob Swan: Chris as it relates to the vehicles question, just probably worth just highlighting. We made a change in kind of how we disclose GMV for you this quarter, where we gave you GMV without vehicles on its own and GMV vehicles. And the reason we did that is because they are such different businesses. And the way we manage things and the way we'll present you on a go-forward basis is GMV x vehicles and GMV with vehicles. Secondly as it relates to vehicles itself, GMV was down about 30% in the quarter. On an FX neutral basis it was down about 24%. Revenues performed better than GMV on a global basis because we continue to monetize that platform in different ways and GMV becomes increasingly less relevant. We do not plan on breaking out global vehicles by geography, by US and international, so, you're going to have to use your historical relationships to try to get that split, if that's important for you.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel: Okay, thanks.
Mark Rowen: Next question please, operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will hear next from Ben Schachter with UBS.
Ben Schachter - UBS: Given the uncertainty around the macro and your comments on cost controls, can you just help us understand what your internal target operating margins are for '09, and any change to any of the long-term operating margin targets among the various businesses. Thanks.
Bob Swan: I'll tell you what we are trying to do to manage the business in this rather volatile environment, and I'll do it in the context of our first quarter guidance. So bear with me a second, because, I think it's important to kind of explain. While we couldn't provide full clarity for outlook for the year maybe explain how we are running the business. Last year's first quarter, we generated $0.42 of earnings per share, and I highlighted the three areas. How FX, how interest rates and how the acquisitions that we did are going to impact EPS in the first quarter of this year, which is a minus $0.11. So, we kind of started on January 1st with $0.31 of earnings and we are going to grow earnings to $0.33 in the quarter. And how we are going to do that in a fairly cloudy economic environment is - focus intently on the things that we can control, and the relationship we are trying to drive; is to make sure that our cost control and productivity that we generate more than offsets the impact of declines in volume and the change in mix in our business. That relationship, net-net, will generate a few pennies of EPS this quarter, best we can tell based on the range of volume that we guided to. That's how we'll manage the business through the course of the year. It's not necessarily targeting an operating margin rate for the company nor is it necessarily targeting operating margin rates by business unit. I will say that the implications of FX on our business will have an impact on our operating margin rates in the first quarter and we expect to have an impact on the full year.
Mark Rowen:  Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. It looks like you've taken a lot of initiatives to really improve the seller profile which will, presumably, help the buyers have better experiences. So I'm just wondering what you're thinking, as if you have more and larger sellers and reduce the number of total sellers, what that could do for long-term take rates and how you see that affecting your margins or do you really think that will have no net long-term effect. Just what your thoughts are as the seller mix changes?
John Donahoe:  Well, the first thing I'd say, Justin, is we have no, I would say, stated goals to shift our seller mix. As I said earlier, we think we've made it too difficult for larger sellers to sell on eBay historically. We're trying to make it easier. But at the end of the day, we are trying to create an opportunity where all sellers can compete for buyers business, and offer the best deal and the best service, and there are many examples where some of the absolute best deals on eBay and the best service come from smaller sellers. So I want to be clear on that. With respect to the impact on margin, I don't think we see any fundamental shift in margin. We have shifted our pricing in '08 to where we are somewhat indifferent between format, auction and fixed price, stores and core. And we have begun moving toward category based pricing. So, I think we are making some of the fundamental changes that allow sellers to compete and win on eBay. Anything you can add to that, Bob?
Bob Swan: Justin, the only thing that I would say is, as a marketplace manager where we don't control the whole end-to-end experience and we don't have warehouses and we don't have inventory, we try to use incentives to ensure that sellers or particularly PowerSellers are creating a great experience for buyers, and from that, we believe, we can accelerate velocity of trade on the site. To the extent that the PowerSellers continue to dramatically improve their service levels over the long haul, we would expect to provide higher PowerSellers discounts which impact our take rate. And we believe that that is a great trade-off to make to continue to provide great service for buyers where PowerSeller discounts are a little bit higher, experiences of buyers is just that much better, and as a result, while take rate may be lower, velocity of trade on the site is higher. So, I think that over the long haul, that would be a lower take rate that we would feel great about because the experience we are providing is just that much better.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Mark Rowen: Next question please, operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from Youssef Squali with Jefferies & Company.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company: Thank you very much. John, I want to go back to something you said earlier, something to the effect that, your portfolio of assets is not fairly credited in the value of the company. I guess an issue with that statement is that some of the parts kind of remain a theoretical exercise until investors feel that you are potentially serious about doing something in that vein.  So, considering the trend of your depiction for '09, is there a point where a more drastic measure, I'm not talking necessarily just about a spinoff with PayPal, but, just a recap of the whole business, I mean, the alternative formats business is doing great. PayPal seems to be doing very well. The core business seems to be now maturing. Is there a point where a recap kind of becomes to be a must if shareholders are to make money in the stock?
John Donahoe: Thanks for the question because I know it's on a lot of people's mind. Look, here's how we are thinking about it. We have a great portfolio, and I completely would agree, as I said earlier, we are not getting credit for it, and believe me, Bob and I regularly look at our portfolio with objectivity. Here's what we see. We are continuing to drive success in our business in each of these units as well as trying to drive synergies and we still see strong synergies between eBay and PayPal. In particular, we see the synergies around eBay provide new users to PayPal, in essence, for free, and that continues to be the case. That's still about half of PayPal's new users. Penetration on eBay is still only 63%. Now, if we had a greater reign and penetration in '08, based on eBay, then we had in the last five years, that's not a coincidence. We drove that penetration hard and we anticipate similar gains in '09, and that's real synergy, and frankly, PayPal is helping make eBay safer in a more effective marketplace. Perhaps as, or more importantly, being part of eBay does not constrain PayPal's growth. Quite the opposite, our acquisition of Bill Me Later is a great example of where we leveraged eBay's balance sheet to make a strategic acquisition or an acquisition that is quite strategic to PayPal. So, our intent is to continue to drive these synergies and continue to realize value from them. If and when those synergies run their course, we would reevaluate it then, but, I think for now, we feel quite good about those synergies and obviously the synergies between the alternative ecommerce formats in eBay and PayPal continue to be strong.
Mark Rowen:  Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move to Imran Khan with JPMorgan.
Imran Khan - JPMorgan: Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my question. The question is for John. John, if you look at your fixed price, as a percentage of GMV, improved 300 basis points, implying that your auction business is declining in a faster pace. So the question is, do you think that the consumer appetite for auction related business, which has higher friction, has reduced significantly, and if so, do you think its going to headwind, even if the economy recovers for eBay to grow its marketplace business. Thank you.
John Donahoe: Thanks, Imran. Let me tell you how we think about it, how we are looking at it. If you step back, we're still in the very early days in e-commerce, right. E-commerce is today only 5% of offline retail. And frankly, I can see that doubling or tripling in the next five to 10 years, because if you think about what e-commerce should be, it should be lot higher than 5% of offline retail. So, it's a large market with lots of long-term growth potential. But like all markets, customer needs evolve overtime. And what it takes to compete and win tomorrow is not necessarily what it took to compete and win yesterday. So, we are the global leader. We have a leadership position and we are the only one with a very strong global footprint, but we've got to evolve our business model overtime to compete and win. And at the end of the day customers are my only compass. And so, we aren't pushing auction versus fixed price. We are trying to offer customers choice. And three years ago auction was 70% of what we did and fixed price 30%. As you heard Bob say earlier today, that it is now 50/50.  And frankly, I'm not certain what it's going to be three years from now. But what we are doing is we understand where the Web is going and e-commerce is going and the kind of innovations we need to do and so our strategy is two fold. One, evolve eBay marketplace so that we have a more unique blend of auctions and fixed price and we are, frankly, somewhat indifferent to the format. And then secondly, we understand that there are going to be a growing number of ways to connect buyers and sellers. And so, these alternative e-commerce formats: be they classifieds, be it advertising, be it StubHub, are simply other ways to connect buyers and sellers. And so, we want to build the strongest portfolio of formats and monetization approaches, so that we can continue our leadership position in e-commerce over the next three to five to ten years. And so, frankly, the three or four key themes or principles: one, the best deals online; two, the widest selection; and three, offering buyers and sellers choice whether they trade, auction on eBay, fixed price on eBay or classifieds through net. And I think we are building the foundation that will allow us to compete and win over the next three to five to ten years as this market continues to grow.
Imran Khan - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you.
Mark Rowen: Thank you everyone for joining us and we will catch up with you throughout the quarter.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen - Vice President, Investor Relations John J. Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President - Finance
Analysts: James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners Mark Mahaney - Citigroup  Brian Pitz - Banc of America Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford C. Bernstein Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan David Joseph - Morgan Stanley Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the eBay third quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mark Rowen, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Mark Rowen : Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2008. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and the call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website.  Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.  In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the companys ability to grow its businesses, user base, and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to the impact of recent global economic events and the potential global economic downturn, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political business and economic conditions, our ability to profitably expand our business model to new types of merchandise and sellers, the impact and integration of recent and future acquisition, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, our need to manage regulatory tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VOIP industry, and our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability.  You can find more information about the factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on our Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them. All information in the presentation is as of October 15, 2008 and we do not intend to -- and undertake no duty to update this presentation.  And now, I will turn the call over to John. 
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Mark. Good afternoon and welcome, everyone, to our Q3 earnings call. Ill begin today by reviewing our financial performance and then provide an overview of our portfolio. And after a few closing thoughts, I will turn it over to Bob for more details on the quarter and on our outlook for the year.  Our Q3 results were in line with our guidance for the top line and exceeded our guidance on the bottom line. Specifically, revenue was $2.1 billion, up 12% over last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.46, up 11%. We generated $543 million in free cash flow and our return on invested capital continued to improve at 28.8%.  We ended the quarter with $3.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet with $2.9 billion of this outside the U.S., and as we announced last week, we are strengthening our position in online payments and online classifieds through acquisitions and we proactively streamlined our organization by reducing our headcount by about 10%.  Overall, we are pleased with the performance and strength of our company. We delivered strong results in what is a very challenging external environment, an external environment we expect to continue in fourth quarter and beyond. These are turbulent times for which no one has the perfect playbook. There is a high degree of economic uncertainty and turmoil in the financial markets and this is impacting consumer spending and e-commerce growth rates, and we are seeing an impact across all of our platforms.  In this environment, we delivered a solid third quarter while also taking a number of steps to strengthen our company and better align our cost structure to invest and compete in the future.  Challenging times create opportunities for companies that are prepared to lead and eBay has the global portfolio, the management discipline, and financial strength to take advantage of opportunities created by this period of challenge and uncertainty. I am confident that we will manage through this period and emerge an even stronger company and more formidable competitor, and I believe this for three simple reasons.  First, we have a growing, diversified portfolio of businesses. Led by eBay and PayPal, we have multiple growth sources or growth engines in our company. We have leadership positions in e-commerce, online payments and communications, each with a global brand and reach. We serve hundreds of millions of users around the world and our proven business models generate solid revenue, healthy profits, and cash flow with minimum capital requirements. We have no inventory, no warehouses or other fixed costs that may impact many companies during a downturn.  Secondly, our portfolio offers consumers and merchants real value during difficult times. On an unprecedented global scale, we bring people together to buy, sell, communicate, and be paid. For consumers looking for value, we offer savings through access to the most deals and biggest selection online. For entrepreneurs or people feeling pinched by the economy, we offer a low cost way to earn money and build a business. And for both consumers and merchants, we provide peace of mind through a low-cost, safer way to pay and be paid.  And third, our company has a strong balance sheet. We have the financial flexibility to invest in growth, deliver on our financial commitments, and weather an economic downturn.  The bottom line is that eBay is well-positioned to compete and grow during a challenging and uncertain time. This is when strong companies get stronger and we intend to do just that.  Now lets take a greater look at the four components of our portfolio. I typically start with our eBay marketplace business but today I will start with PayPal, then our [adjacencies] and Skype, and I will end with eBay, where I will spend most of my time.  PayPal is a great business with terrific momentum. Today PayPal generates about 28% of our total revenues and is well on its way to becoming more than a third of what we do. On eBay, PayPal's payment volume grew a healthy 12% in Q3 and PayPal's worldwide penetration on eBay grew faster in Q3 than any quarter in recent years, reaching almost 60% worldwide. PayPal continues to be the safest way to pay and be paid on eBay.  Off eBay, PayPal's growth is exploding. Merchant services total payment volume grew 49% in Q3 and both on and off eBay, merchants love PayPal. Why? Because PayPal delivers three things all merchants need -- new customers, incremental sales, and lower costs. And in tough economic times like this, merchants need PayPal more than ever.  And PayPal's growth shows that merchants worldwide understand this. Today more than a million merchants use PayPal, which is more than 65 million active user accounts. PayPal's global user base generates incremental business for merchants and an unmatched experience for consumers.  What excites me about PayPal, however, is not just its performance but also its potential. PayPal's opportunity is not just the 14% of e-commerce represented by the eBay marketplace. PayPal's target market goes well beyond that and it includes the other 86% of global e-commerce. In fact, this quarter for the first time the total payment volume traded through PayPal actually exceeded total merchandise volume traded on eBay. This simply reinforces the tremendous growth potential of this business. And PayPal's growth potential is also why we are excited about our recently announced acquisition of Bill Me Later, which is expected to further strengthen our position in online payments. With this acquisition, we will have the number one and number two online oriented payment brands and as I said last week, Bill Me Later brings complementary and reinforcing strengths to our company.  The second growth engine in our portfolio is what we call our adjacencies or alternative e-commerce formats. These include advertising, stub hub, and classifieds. Together, these businesses represent about 11% of our total revenue and are growing faster than e-commerce.  Our overarching goal is to connect buyers and sellers worldwide regardless of format and our alternative e-commerce formats help us achieve that goal. They enable us to offer buyers and sellers more choice about how they want to trade, where they want to trade, and when they want to trade, and they do so in a way that is complementary to eBay.  Classifieds is just one example. In just four years, we have built classifieds into a global business generating more than a quarter billion dollars in revenue with growth in Q3 of 59%, and today we have the leading classified position in multiple markets around the world. And our recent acquisition of Denmarks leading online classified sites, DBA and BilBasen strengthens this position and gives us another market-leading position in Europe.  Advertising is another dynamic alternative format for us. Advertising on eBay grew significantly in Q3 and this fall, we are launching our eBay ad commerce beta program for sellers in the U.S. and Germany. Sellers will now be able to bid for search terms and get their ads placed directly into existing ad space on eBay. Sellers pay only when a buyer clicks on their ad and goes to their listing or eBay store. This is another way we are helping sellers gain exposure and drive demand.  The next part of our portfolio is Skype, which continues to show strong momentum. In the third quarter, registered users increased 51% over the prior year and Skype to Skype minutes increased 63% to 16 billion minutes, reflecting the power of a free voice product and a free video product in this challenging economy. Skype out minutes also increased 54%, which drove revenue growth of 46% for the quarter. Josh Silverman and his team continue to do a great job there.  Now last but not least, I would like to turn to our core eBay transaction business, which represents roughly half of our revenues. Clearly GMV in the third quarter was not what we would have liked but we remain confident in our overall direction and believe we are on the right path. eBay enjoys a global leadership position in e-commerce but buyer and seller expectations have been rising and we have not kept up. Thus we need to drive bold changes to continue our leadership position. And this is exactly what we are doing. At the beginning of the year, I laid out two clear priorities for our eBay business -- one, make eBay safer and easier to use; two, increase selection by blending auctions and fixed price in a uniquely eBay way.  To achieve these goals, we have implemented two waves of changes this year. Frankly, some of these changes were overdue and they demonstrate our commitment to better meeting the expectations of sellers and buyers. And we are doing this in a manner which is aggressive but responsible, recognizing that every change we make impacts a global eco-system trading more than $60 billion of merchandise each year.  Let me recap what we have done thus far this year. First, in March we implemented a variety of changes geared to making eBay safer and easier to use. Taken together, these changes introduced incentives and rewards for sellers to provide both great deals but also deliver a good shopping experience to buyers. Are these changes working? We believe that we are beginning to drive a better buyer experience, a safer and easier experience on eBay and heres what we see -- sellers who are meeting or exceeding buyer expectations are growing their businesses on eBay and more and more buyers are reporting positive experiences.  Take this example -- during Q3, the highest rated sellers in the U.S. saw their eBay businesses growth significantly. These are the sellers who buyers rated 4.8 or above and who have been active on eBay for more than 12 months. At a time when most retailers are struggling to stay even, these sellers saw their same-store sales on eBay grow 26% in Q3 and together they accounted for 16% of our total GMV. And this group included both large and small sellers, reinforcing the fact that sellers of all sizes can succeed on eBay.  Meanwhile, sellers with lower ratings are seeing their businesses decline. So we are seeing a share shift within eBay where buyers are buying more from the highest rated sellers and less from lower rated sellers. And not surprisingly the entrepreneurial eBay community, selling community is responding and the number of sellers earning ratings by buyers of 4.8 and above is up 20% since we made these changes six months ago.  Now as I said, these are early signs and we do see buyers moving toward sellers with higher ratings. However, this has not yet translated into buyers increasing their overall purchases on eBay. This will take time, especially in light of the current economy, which is a mitigating factor but not an overriding excuse. Our current GMV trend is not where we would like it to be but we remain confident that the improvements we are making will ultimately move the needle.  The second major change we have announced this year was implemented in late September when we significantly rebalanced fees for fixed price inventory. Our goal is to create a marketplace that optimizes for both auctions and fixed price in a uniquely eBay way. We have made it virtually free for sellers to put fixed price inventory on eBay and we have aligned our success with theirs.  Now Im frequently asked if we are promoting fixed price at the expense of auctions and the answer is no. What we are doing is building a marketplace that lets buyers and sellers choose the format they prefer. Fixed price has been part of eBay for many years and we are simply improving this format as more and more buyers choose to purchase that way.  Our fixed price fee changes will help improve selection and give buyers greater choice. Fixed price represented 46% of GMV in Q3 and grew 11% for the quarter, which we believe is roughly in line with e-commerce growth rates globally.  So overall, we are driving changes to make eBay a more competitive marketplace in todays environment and we are making these changes into a very challenging economic environment, which makes our job more difficult and lengthens the time it will take for progress to flow through to the financials. But we remain committed to reinvigorating growth in our core business and we believe we are on the right path.  In the meantime, eBay remains the largest global marketplace with three times the GMV of our nearest competitor and we have important strengths in these uncertain times with more users, more traffic, and more successful transactions than any other e-commerce site.  Now I mentioned we anticipate a very challenging fourth quarter holiday season where consumers will be cautious with their spending. We intend to fight aggressively for demand in the fourth quarter to support our sellers and driving demand to their great deals and great service.  In summary, we have a strong portfolio of businesses that generate growth and healthy returns and we believe we are well-positioned to serve consumers globally in tough times. We have a leading e-commerce marketplace and we are making the right changes to reinvigorate and strengthen eBay. PayPal has strong momentum as the number one online payments brand and this business will become even stronger following our acquisition of Bill Me Later.  Classifieds, advertising, stub hub, Skype, and the rest of our portfolio are also strong and profitable and we will continue to drive leadership positions in each of these. And we will do this with our ongoing commitment to strong financial and operating discipline. We have the right team and we will deliver on our commitments while continuing to invest in the long-term growth of our company.  Simply put, eBay is a strong company in this environment; we intend to get stronger. Now let me turn it over to Bob for more details on our Q3 results. 
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. Now Ill review our financial performance in some detail and during my discussion, Ill reference our earnings slide presentation which accompanies the webcast.  Overall, our Q3 financial results were solid in an increasingly difficult environment. Revenue came in slightly below the midpoint of our guidance we provided in July while EPS came in significantly above our expectations. Revenue growth was up 12% year over year, non-GAAP earnings growth was up 11%, and we generated $543 million in free cash flow during the quarter.  We continued to execute on our stock buy-back program, repurchasing $623 million worth of eBay shares. Additionally, last week we announced two acquisitions that are intended to strengthen our faster growing businesses and position us competitively for the future. We also announced actions to simplify our organization in order to streamline decision making and reduce our cost structure. This will result in a charge of approximately $70 million to $80 million, primarily in the fourth quarter and annualized savings of approximately $150 million.  Our combined businesses generated net revenues of $2.1 billion in the third quarter, a 12% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth excluding acquisitions and FX was 9%.  Overall revenue growth was enabled by high growth PayPal merchant services, classifieds, advertising, and Skype. Our revenue growth was negatively impacted throughout the quarter by the broader economic environment, as well as a strengthening U.S. dollar. We saw considerable slow down across virtually all our businesses beginning in mid-August.  Non-GAAP EPS was $0.46 in Q3, an 11% increase over last year and $0.05 above the high-end of our guidance range. Adjusted for a one-time tax gain in the third quarter of 2007, EPS growth would have been 24%. The stronger-than-expected EPS performance was primarily driven by a lower tax rate and cost controls as we tightened discretionary spending in light of the slowing economy.  Our operating margin for the quarter was 31.8%, up 40 bps from last year even though our lower margin businesses, PayPal and Skype, grew faster. Margins improved in all three of our business segments year over year.  We generated free cash flow of $543 million in the quarter, an increase of 6% from last year primarily driven by earnings expansion while CapEx as a percentage of revenues came in at 7%.  Return on invested capital increased to 28.8% on a trailing 12-month basis. This measure has shown continuous improvement over the course of the year as weve been able to generate higher earnings on roughly the same level of capital employed.  So overall we delivered solid financial results in a very tough economic climate. Externally, consumers are under significant pressure and appear to have reigned in their discretionary spending. E-commerce growth rates fell dramatically from Q2 to Q3. Similarly, merchants on PayPal's merchant services platform experienced a significant slowdown in average payment size.  Internally, we experienced economic weakness across our entire portfolio of businesses. Vehicles GMV, which makes up 20% of total GMV, decelerated by 12 points from Q2 to Q3 and got progressively worse throughout the quarter. Our non-vehicles GMV growth performed solidly in the first part of the quarter but started to decelerate sharply in mid-August. Similarly, we saw a significant slowdown at Stub Hub during the second half of the quarter.  We havent yet seen any changes to these trends in our businesses early in the fourth quarter, which suggests well be operating in a difficult environment this holiday season.  Now lets take a closer look at our segment results -- overall our marketplace business segment achieved net revenues of $1.4 billion, a 4% increase over the year-ago period. Transaction revenue increased 1% and marketing services revenue increased 29% over last year. Marketplaces revenue growth decelerated by nine points from Q2, primarily due to slower GMV growth and a stronger U.S. dollar.  Our online comparison site, shopping.com, was significantly impacted by changes made by search engines that disrupted shoppings traffic this quarter. This business decelerated sharply in Q3, impacting marketplaces revenue growth by about a point. We expect that shopping.com will continue to negatively impact our growth rate for the next three quarters.  Global GMV came in at $14.3 billion in the quarter, down 1% compared to last year, with both the U.S. and international geographies decelerating from last quarter. Global GMV growth excluding vehicles was up 3%. Active user growth came in at 3% on a trailing 12-month basis. Excluding China and Taiwan, where we are now part of joint ventures, this metric remained at 6%.  We remain encouraged by strong rates of growth in our fixed price format, which accounted for 46% of GMV in the quarter and continues to grow much faster than the auction style format.  Let me provide a deeper look into our Q3 GMV performance. Our revised fixed price fee structure helped fuel a big surge in supply on our sites with listings growth of 26%. However, our conversion rates dropped by a sharp 18%, resulting in sold items growth of 6%, a four-point deceleration from Q2.  Were in the early stages of improving our finding experience and theres still a bit of work to be done. We rolled out our new finding platform in the U.S. near the end of the third quarter, which allows us to optimize our data and algorithms in order to better match up buyer demand with our vast selection of merchandise.  Average selling price continues to fall, down 7% in Q3, primarily impacted by the economic downturn as consumers trade down and buy fewer large ticket items. The combined deceleration sold items and average selling price resulted in GMV growth of minus 2% on an FX-neutral basis.  Obviously the current GMV trend is not where we would like it to be but as John said, we remain confident that we are on the right path and we believe the improvements we are making for our users will ultimately move the needle.  Clearly the tough economy makes our job more difficult and lengthens the time it will take for progress to flow through to the financials but we remain committed to reinvigorating growth in our core business.  As John said earlier, our adjacencies within marketplaces are characterized by attractive, fast-growing businesses such as classifieds, advertising, and Stub Hub. Classifieds showed strong revenue growth at 59% over last year, with our text and graphical advertising partnerships continuing to exhibit strong growth at 127%.  And despite slowing during the second half of the quarter, Stub Hub increased revenue by 46%, helped by our partnership with Major League Baseball and improvements to buyer conversion.  Now lets turn to our payments business -- PayPal posted another strong quarter, with total revenue coming in at $597 million, a 27% increase versus the same period last year. Total payment volume was $14.8 billion, a year-over-year increase of 28%. DPV grew by 24% in the U.S. and 37% internationally. 
 :  In terms of key operating metrics, global active accounts grew to $65 million for the trailing 12 months, an increase of 19% over last year. On eBay, buyers are increasingly using PayPal as a safer way to pay online. PayPal's global TPV on eBay grew by 12% year over year as the global penetration rate of addressable GMV was 60%, a six-point increase over Q307 and a three-point sequential increase.  Beyond the eBay platform, PayPal merchant services business posted another strong quarter despite the difficult economic environment. Merchant services recorded $7.5 billion of global TPV in the quarter, representing 49% year over year growth and accounting for 51% of total TPV. As John mentioned earlier, this marks the first quarter that PayPal's TPV was larger than eBay's GPV.  In addition, this is the first quarter that PayPal's off-eBay volume was larger than its on-eBay volume. PayPal has penetrated 35 of the top 100 online merchants in the U.S. and accounts for 5.3% of U.S. e-commerce, not including eBay.  PayPal's global take rate remained flat at 3.89% in Q3, while transaction margin improved modestly to 62% sequentially.  Last week we announced our agreement to acquire Bill Me Later, a leading online transaction credit provider that is intended to strengthen and extend PayPal's leadership position in online payments. We believe Bill Me Later will help PayPal achieve greater merchant and consumer adoption, leading to benefits from network effects.  In addition, we believe we will capture significant synergies between our businesses. We expect this transaction will close mid-fourth quarter.  Now lets turn to our communications business -- Skype posted total revenue of $143 million in the third quarter, an increase of 46% over last year. Total registered users grew to an impressive 370 million, representing an increase of 51%.  Skype to Skype minutes for the quarter increased to 16 billion, accelerating to 63% growth. Skype out minutes increased to 2.2 billion, also an acceleration of growth from last quarter to 54%. Skype continues to invest in the business while expanding its margins to 26% in the quarter.  Now let me touch briefly on ink level operating expenses and cash position before I discuss guidance. We recorded $674 million of non-GAAP operating income, up 14% from last year, and non-GAAP net income of $592 million, up 5%. Sales and marketing as a percent of revenue improved by 400 basis points from the year-ago period, due in part to a more efficient online marketing spend and in larger part to investments in buyer loyalty and retention, much of which gets recorded as contra revenue instead of being expensed as sales and marketing.  Product development came in 30 basis points higher than last year while G&A was up 50 basis points, due to higher fraud losses at PayPal and bad debt expenses.  We ended the third quarter with $3.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents, down $400 million from last quarter. At quarter end, $2.9 billion of our cash was located outside the U.S. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 25 million eBay shares at a cost of $623 million.  So with that, let me turn to guidance -- for the full year of 2008, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $8.525 billion to $8.675 billion, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.69 to $1.71. The reduction in our guidance is primarily a function of a stronger U.S. dollar, a tougher economic climate, and dilution from the acquisitions announced last week. The weak trends we saw in the second half of the third quarter have continued into Q4 and our guidance reflects the uncertainty in consumer global spending.  We continue to anticipate free cash flow for the year to be $2.35 billion to $2.45 billion, in line with prior guidance.  In the fourth quarter, we expect to generate net revenue of $2.02 billion to $2.17 billion, and we anticipate non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.39 to $0.41.  In summary, its been a very busy quarter at eBay. We met our revenue guidance and exceeded EPS guidance despite a strengthening dollar and a tough consumer spending environment. We generated $543 million in free cash flow. We continued to take bold actions in our core eBay business by reducing up-front fees on fixed price, a format that consumers increasingly prefer. We continue to invest in our higher growth platforms -- classifieds, PayPal merchant services, advertising and Stub Hub, which combined grew by 55% in the quarter. And we intend to strengthen our portfolio with the acquisitions of DBA and Bill Me Later, acquisitions that are expected to extend our leadership positions in classifieds and at PayPal.  We are lowering our outlook for the fourth quarter in light of the strengthening U.S. dollar, a weak consumer spending environment, and dilution from recently announced acquisitions. However, we are confident in our priorities as we focus our efforts on making it easier and safer for our customers. While we will take more time than we had expected, we are confident in our ability to ultimately stimulate GMV growth in our marketplaces business.  And now wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from James Mitchell with Goldman Sachs. 
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: Thank you for taking my question. Your fourth quarter guidance seems to imply really no Christmas, which is kind of consistent with my expectations for my own lack of compensation but putting that to one side, do you see the economic cyclicality hurting the marketplace business or do you also see some impact on the PayPal business? And then on slide 18, I think, you referred to more marketing dollars as part of the reason for the earnings guidance revision for the fourth quarter. I think year-to-date, your marketing spend is sort of tracking flat to down. Do you see that turning around sharply in the fourth quarter? Thank you. 
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, James. First regarding economic cyclicality, you know, what we saw during the course of the second quarter, first Ill kind of characterize external signs and then internally how it impacted our business. We saw a fairly sharp deceleration in retail sales, in vehicle sales during the course of the quarter. Merchant services, which has a pretty good visibility into whats going on in e-commerce overall decelerated during the course of the third quarter. And then fourth, e-commerce growth rates -- here in the U.S., we dont have as good outside the U.S. but here in the U.S. decelerated rather sharply Q2 to Q3.  We felt the effects of that across all aspects of our business. While PayPal had a very strong quarter, it did suffer from decelerating growth rates really starting in the second and third week of August as it exited the third quarter. And we expect those dynamics to impact our business in the fourth quarter.  In terms of the question on guidance and marketing spend, we have generated some improvements in our overall marketing spend during the course of the year. We were 400 basis points down in the third quarter; however, as you will remember, we are spending more on buyer retention kind of programs versus acquisition related programs, through couponing and loyalty programs. And those dollars are impacting revenue in terms of contra revenue as opposed to marketing and expense.  We expect in the fourth quarter in this tougher economic environment that we will be spending even more marketing dollars as a percent of revenue than we did in the third quarter that will impact both contra revenue and our marketing -- our sales and marketing expense as a percent of total. 
John J. Donahoe: The way we are going to spend that is to really fight for our sellers. We envision a tough holiday season and we feel a strong need to get out there and help drive demand on behalf of our sellers, so well increase Internet marketing, well increase our couponing, well increase our cash-back program with Microsoft, promotions, things that we have proven ability to generate returns from. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Next well hear from Youssef Squali from Jefferies.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company: Thank you very much. Okay, so my one question -- John, if I look at the sum of the parts for eBay, the stock certainly looks pretty cheap on that basis. The only issue is really kind of remains a theoretical exercise, unless management gives it serious consideration and is willing to act on it. Are you and how long would you wait before considering a potential restructuring of the business as the core continues to weaken? Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: We are continuing to, as I said, invest in our areas of strength and we see strong synergies between the core eBay business and the PayPal business, and strong synergies between the eBay business and the other e-commerce formats. And I get a question frequently on PayPal of wouldnt we be better off with PayPal being separate? Our sense is no, that actually there are strong synergies between PayPal and eBay, that eBay continues to provide PayPal with new customers, that there is still growth for PayPal left on eBay. As we said, we are delighted penetration grew more in the third quarter than it has any quarter in the past. Its now at 60% globally. We think that can go higher. And theres nothing about being part of our portfolio that is holding PayPal back -- in fact, quite the contrary; being part of the overall portfolio allows us to move on an acquisition and opportunity like Bill Me Later.  So we are focused on trying to take advantage of the synergies. We dont think weve fully realized the synergies between eBay and PayPal and that our classifieds business, advertising, and Stub Hub all have strong synergies with eBay.  The one question on Skype -- Skype I think is a great standalone business. Obviously the more we let it stand alone, the more it seems to deliver fantastic results. Right now its not a distraction and we are focusing our attention on eBay and PayPal and the e-commerce businesses and so we will continue to assess its role in the portfolio but right now, its not a distraction and its delivering good results. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christa Quarles with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners: Just following up on the PayPal slowdown, it looks like international in particular fell off fairly significantly in the quarter. I was wondering if you could give us some deeper insights in there in terms of which markets you are seeing strengthen, if thats really reflective of whats going on with the broader e-commerce market in those areas. And then also if you could just update us on your G-market intentions -- the filing suggests that you are intending to get more than 50% of G-market and so I was just wondering if you could follow-up on that. Thanks. 
Robert H. Swan: First on the PayPal slowdown, yeah, we saw some deceleration or more deceleration I should say outside the U.S., a function of a couple of things -- one, Q2 to Q3 currency. So with the stronger dollar, clearly international revenues are translating at a tougher rate. Two, the on-eBay business decelerated Q2 to Q3, along with the GMV deceleration. And then third, our global merchant services business, we saw some deceleration Q2 to Q3 both here in the U.S. and outside of the U.S.  In terms of G-market, let me -- maybe let me put our -- reiterate our M&A philosophy and focus and then maybe put Korea into context. First weve said that we are going to continue to maintain the flexibility to invest and grow our businesses through acquisition and weve highlighted three specific areas of focus -- one, geographic strengthening; two, adjacencies that leverage and strengthen our core businesses; and three, technologies that enable and strengthen our core businesses. Thats the three areas that weve been in focus on over the last three years and thats resulted in acquisitions like Stub Hub, which we feel great about; more recently, Fraud Sciences, which is a technology that enables PayPal. And then recently, Bill Me Later and DBA or classifieds, kind of extensions of our core business.  So thats been our M&A strategy for the last several years. In terms of Korea, weve got a great business in Korea. Our IAC business has been performing very well over the last couple of quarters and we continue to focus on competing and growing in that market. Along the lines, we in conjunction with G-market had filed with the Korean regulators to assess whether it would even be possible to take an equity stake in G-market and recently got a favorable ruling in that regard. And I think well evaluate on an ongoing basis whether that makes sense in terms of the best uses of how we allocate capital in a disciplined way. 
John J. Donahoe: Let me just come back and make one comment, Bob, on your first -- while there was a deceleration in the market and outside the U.S., PayPal's international business was one of the things I think we are very excited about. We continue to see merchants adopting PayPal in Asia, across Europe, and even in Latin America and other places where we dont have a strong eBay presence because its driving incremental growth and its opening up a worldwide, a global marketplace for those merchants. In fact, TPV outside the U.S. was up 37% for the quarter and the merchant services international growth was close to 50%. So the economy is impacting I think the whole world but the core value proposition PayPal delivers to merchants around the world as a global payment platform is one that we continue to think is quite powerful and merchants are responding to. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: John, I wanted to ask you a question about the timing or the speed at which you think its optimal to try to remove sub-par sellers off the network. Are there still levers you have there to accelerate that? And how do you balance not trying to be too disruptive to the seller community with trying to limit the length of duration in which buyers on the site can still have sub-par experiences? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Mark, thats a great question and one that we spend literally hours each day on. Heres how we are trying to do it -- the first thing is we are not assessing sub-par sellers. Were letting our buyers do it and so these detailed seller ratings where buyers are rating our sellers, thats the foundation we are using and so I think thats a very important principal here, where we are creating a marketplace that allows transparency. And as I mentioned earlier, whats interesting is when you lay out our highest rated sellers -- that is sellers that have 4.8 and above and then look at sellers 4.6 to 8, 4.4 to 6, 4.4 and below, you see growth rates now increasingly very consistent with those where buyers are increasingly buying from the highest rated sellers and buying less -- in fact, they have stopped buying from lower rated sellers. And so that tells us the eBay marketplace is getting safer.  Now, I think some would say we should be moving faster and even more aggressively on that. I think our sellers would say we are probably moving too fast and too aggressive. We are trying to strike that balance where a long-term seller has the opportunity to improve their service on eBay and improve their ratings from buyers but we see clear evidence that the site today is safer and easier to use than it was six months ago. You know, we put these changes in in March -- its safer today. Buyers are telling us that in their qualitative data and whats yet to happen is have that convert into more purchases. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Pitz with Banc of America.
Brian Pitz - Banc of America: Thanks. Would you discuss where you expect the take rates for marketplace to go? Do you expect to be really just more than a modest impact at this point? And any color you can give us on expected exchange rates that are baked into your guidance? Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: Let me take the take rate point and then Bob will take the exchange rate -- our goal with our pricing changes this year was to modestly reduce our take rate. We are obviously significantly rebalancing our fees to reduce the up-front fees and put more -- align our success with that of our sellers and the net effect of what we expect in a conversion neutral environment is the take rate will come down modestly over time. Weve also gone to category-based pricing because margins for sellers differ significantly by category.  So conversion impacted on the short-term but the general direction we are trying to do is to ensure that our marketplace is the most competitive marketplace for sellers to sell on. 
Robert H. Swan: Just one other observation on that, Brian, is in the quarter, our take rate actually went up, which is a function of modestly lower take rates but also the mix of our business. So our highest take rate business, Stub Hub, continues to demonstrate great growth and our lowest take rate business, Vehicles, has really been suffering by the overall economic environment. So those are two kind of degradations about the overall take rate thats reflected in Q3s results.  In terms of exchange rates, I would -- we try to stay away from giving specific rates but what I would say is 90 days ago when we spoke to you and we were looking at a Euro that was about $1.58 to the dollar and a pound that was about $1.98 to the dollar. And today, reflected in our guidance for the rest of the year, its closer to a spot rate thats about $1.36, $1.37 and a pound thats about $1.78 to $1.77 to the dollar, so whats transpired over the course of the last three months is about a 10% strengthening of the dollar and that will impact our revenues from the last time we spoke to you by about $200 million. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Lindsay with Sanford Bernstein.
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford C. Bernstein: Just following on from that, could you give us any sense of -- are you going to be taking any hedging initiatives, or do you have any in place to offset the risk of this dollar appreciation? And then can you give us any color on the quality of receivables in the Bill Me Later acquisition and your expectation for net charge-offs? Do you think they are going to stay at the current 3.4% rate? Thank you. 
Robert H. Swan: First in terms of hedges, for the most part our hedging strategies are entered into at the beginning of the quarter for the next 90 days, for the most part. So we are exposed in terms of translation of revenues within the quarter. However, we hedge our exposures in terms of income within a range in the 90-day period, so we get pretty protective within the 90-day period but not very protective overall beyond 90 days.  In terms of Bill Me Laters receivable portfolio, we indicated last week that our expectation was that the receivable portfolio would be about $550 million, give or take when we closed the transaction later on in the quarter. And when we assess the portfolio, we try to take into account both historical trend rates, what we were seeing on recent approval rates and charge-offs, and a view on a go-forward basis about what we could expect the current economy and the future would be on the portfolio. And with that, we tried to as best we could take that into account in giving you the $550 million loan portfolio balance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Imran Khan with J.P. Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Thank you for taking my questions. The question is if I look at your listing growth rate the last three quarters and look at your conversion rate, it seems like there is an inverse relationship, so trying to understand this 18% conversion decline, how can you turn that around? You talked about best match -- I think you rolled it out in Italy. Give us some color -- when should we expect to see that in the U.S.? And do you expect the conversion to continue to decline? If so, for how long? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Let me address that -- the conversion rate is actually transitioning as we talk because the recent changes weve made are changing the nature of fixed price listings where now instead of a seven-day listing, sellers are getting a 30-day listing goods to cancels. And so what I think we will see is a site that has more listings but those fixed price listings will only get exposure when the sellers offer the best prices and the highest service.  So we are going to spend less time on conversion and more time on sold items, and what in essence is happening is our search or our finding platform is changing how we bring value to the top of the search results. Auctions will continue to time ending soonest, which is the best way to bring the best values to a buyer in an auction format for auction listings. And then for fixed price listings, the change we are making in Q4 is that instead of time ending soonest being what is bringing the fixed price listings to the top of the list, we will find the lowest price, highest quality seller fit with that particular search term or bring that to the top of the list.  So conversion rates will probably still remain relatively lower because of the increased fixed price listings but successful items, that is sold items, is really the metric we will be focusing on. As Bob mentioned, thats down four points in Q3, we think largely driven by the economy and its a metric we are very much focusing on, both to assess how findings are going as well as how our site is going in Q4 and beyond. 
Robert H. Swan: The only other thing I would add is a better consumer spending environment, all else equal, will also impact conversion so that clearly is one that we believe is impacting growth of sold items. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Joseph with Morgan Stanley.
David Joseph - Morgan Stanley: I think I am going to ask the first question a little bit differently, and you might have just addressed this a little bit but your fourth quarter guidance implies a decline in revenue of about 4% at the midpoint of your year versus 11% growth implied in the prior guidance. And given that you reiterated guidance in the beginning of September, it sounds like there was significant weakness in September, which is in line with what weve been hearing in retail across the board but wondering if you could tell us, talk to us a little bit about the linearity and what youve even seen in October. And then just assuming that GMV declines again in the fourth quarter, maybe you could give us a sense of what we should expect for 2009 -- should we just start modeling a decline in GMV in 2009 as well?
Robert H. Swan: In terms of kind of sequential growth rate, Q3 grew by 12% in our implied guidance and Q4 has us at about minus 4%. And I would characterize maybe three things primarily that are impacting that -- one is clearly the third quarter was impacted by a strengthening dollar and a weaker economy but in the latter part of the quarter. So as the dollar strengthened quite a bit towards the end of the quarter and we had the full effect in the fourth quarter, the economy weakened quite a bit in mid-August and for the rest of the quarter and the combination of those two things are making the growth deceleration or growth from Q3 to Q4 that much tougher.  The third thing I would add is, as John indicated, we are going to in a tough consumer spending environment, we are going to be spending more on sales and marketing, particularly in coupon related expenditures. And that will impact the revenue growth as well.  And I think I would like to say I wish there was a lot more clarity in -- at last in my crystal ball on whats going to transpire over the critical holiday season for us but honestly, theres not and as a result, as you can tell by our guidance, the range that we gave you in the quarter is a lot wider than it normally is at this time just because -- just a reflection of -- you know, just the uncertainties we see in the consumer spending environment. 
Mark Rowen : Operator, we have time for one last question. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Scott Devitt with Stifel Nicolaus.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. I guess at todays close, your market cap is above $20 billion and you have about $3.6 billion of cash and short-term investments, and the company spent $5.3 billion in buy-backs over the past couple of years at about $30 a share. With your free cash you are going to generate in 2008 and an S&P like dividend payout, you could have a 4% or 5% dividend yield. So I was just wondering if there was any change in the companys perspective in terms of returning capital to shareholders via the existing buy-back versus a dividend in the future. Thanks. 
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, Scott. You know, we end the quarter, youre right, with $3.3 billion in cash. As you know, the reality of that cash is about $400 million sits here in the U.S. and the rest of it off-shore, so the inherent flexibility we have to use our strong balance sheet and our strong cash flows here domestically has a pretty severe tax rate penalty associated with it. So thats a constraint that we have to deal with.  Secondly, you also realize that with the acquisition of Bill Me Later and the relatively low cash position we have here in the U.S., as we will be using both our cash and available financing, including our line of credit to finance that transaction and in a sense well have borrowings here in the U.S. post the completion the completion of that transaction.  And then third, and from a more macro perspective, I would say we always look at our inherent capital structure and the best way to maintain our financial flexibility to invest and grow while redeploying our capital to shareholders, and well continue to do that. 
Mark Rowen : Okay, thank you for joining us and well see you in 90 days. 
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen - Vice President, Investor Relations John J. Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President - Finance
Analysts: Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford C. Bernstein Brian Fenske - Lehman Brothers  Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs David Joseph - Morgan Stanley Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners Brian Pitz - Banc of America
Operator: Good day and welcome, everyone, to eBay's second quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. With us today from the company is the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. John Donahoe, and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mark Rowen, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mark Rowen : Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2008. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebay.com.  Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call.  In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the companys ability to grow its businesses, user base and activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; our need to manage regulatory tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VOIP industry; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; changes in political, business, and economic conditions; our ability to profitably expand our business model to new types of merchandise and sellers; and the impact of integration of recent and future acquisitions.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements which are based on information available to us on the date hereof and we assume no obligation to update such statements.  And now, let me turn the call over to John. 
John J. Donahoe: Thank you, Mark and welcome, everyone to our Q2 earnings call. I am delighted to report on my first official quarter as eBay's CEO. As I did on last quarter, today I will highlight our companys financial performance, then Ill give my perspective on each business units results and discuss progress against our priorities for 2008, and finally after a few closing thoughts, Ill turn it over to Bob for more detail on our Q2 numbers and our outlook for the full year.  Lets start with the financial performance. We delivered strong financial results in Q2. Net revenue was $2.2 billion, up 20% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.43, up 25%. We generated free cash flow of $617 million in the quarter and we repurchased more than $0.5 billion worth of our stock, on top of the $1 billion repurchased in Q1.  In our marketplaces business, we feel good about our overall results as we implement changes designed to make eBay more competitive, with better experiences for buyers and more opportunities for sellers. Marketplaces revenue grew 13% for the quarter, with global GMV up 8% to $15.7 billion. Beneath these numbers were seeing some early, encouraging signs from the changes we are making, something Ill talk more about in a minute.  Our global platform also continues to drive strong cross-border trade, which accounted for more than 18% of global GMV for the quarter. And our non-GMV, or marketing services businesses also continued to perform well, growing 43% this quarter, led by strong momentum in classifieds and advertising.  PayPal, which is celebrating its 10th anniversary this year, had another excellent quarter, growing both on and off eBay. PayPal revenue was up 33% to over $600 million and total payment volume grew 35% to $14.9 billion. Were seeing increasing ubiquity at PayPal online. Today, anyone can conveniently and easily use PayPal to buy their favorite eBay item, purchase an airline ticket to their favorite destination, or rent their favorite movie. Were only beginning to just tap the potential of PayPal's safer and more secure way to pay and be paid online.  Skype also generated strong results, with revenue growth of 51% to $136 million in Q2, its sixth consecutive quarter of profitable growth. User metrics were also quite strong at Skype, with registered users up 54% to $338 million and Skype to Skype and Skype out minutes accelerating for two consecutive quarters.  All in all, I am proud of what our teams are accomplishing. Were delivering strong results in a tough economic environment while driving the changes necessary to build a stronger future for eBay. Were focused on meeting our financial commitments while maintaining the financial flexibility to make the right growth investments in our businesses.  With that summary of our Q2 results, let me remind you of the priorities we set out for 2008 at the beginning of the year: one, make eBay easier and safer to use; two, improve value and selection through pricing and incentives and by weaving auctions and fixed price in a uniquely eBay way; and three, extend PayPal's leadership position in online payments both on and off eBay.  Now lets take a closer look at each of our business units and the progress we are making against these priorities. In marketplaces, we remain extremely focused on improving the buyer experience on eBay. To that end, we are making a series of changes that we believe will create a healthier, more vibrant marketplace. Lets look at what weve done during the first half of this year.  First, we began rebalancing our pricing, shifting from insertion fees to final value fees. We also began offering free gallery photos in the U.S. and U.K. Second, we implemented a series of initiatives to improve trust sand safety. For the first time, we began rewarding sellers who provide the best buyer experience, as indicated by their detailed seller ratings, or DSRs, and we began offering DSR-based discounts to qualified power sellers. We also made changes to feedback, such as offering sellers credit for repeat buyers and eliminating retaliatory feedback, a top concern of our buyers. Finally, we launched best match search, starting with some trust-based changes which provide more search exposure to sellers who provide the best customer experience.  Now Id like to take a look at some of the early results from these changes. Rebalanced pricing has clearly increased listings and selection on eBay. New listings grew 19% in Q2 to $667 million, an acceleration of nine percentage points over Q1 and 15 points over Q4. Selection on eBay is unmatched by anyone else online and its getting stronger.  Were also seeing some early results from our efforts to improve trust and safety on eBay. Our initiatives around feedback, DSRs, and best match are incenting sellers to lower shipping costs and improve the buyer experience. In fact, sellers, both large and small, are making customer satisfaction a competitive advantage on eBay.  And the early evidence is that buyers are taking notice. Since we first announced seller incentives in January of this year, the number of power sellers with DSRs of 4.8 or above has more than doubled. So buyers are beginning to see a difference in their experience and are reflecting that by rating sellers more highly.  More listings and improved buyer experience are also driving velocity. Sold items, a measure of unit volume, grew 9% in the second quarter in our three largest markets, the U.S., U.K., and Germany. This represents a one point acceleration of growth over Q1 in those markets. So theres clear evidence of progress from our changes in listings and sold items and simply put, were about where we expected to be. Bob will provide more details in a few minutes about the relationship between these metrics and GMV and revenue growth.  Weve also heard some criticism from our community as weve made changes during the first half this year. Now, when you have 84 million active users, anytime you make a change, someone is going to be upset. But we listen and we incorporate their feedback with what we believe is best for the collective good of the marketplace. This is the art and science of our business. An open, honest dialog with our community makes eBay stronger.  There are two areas where we have recently modified changes based on input from our community and on our own assessment. Just last week, we announced some refinements to feedback, changes that were well-received by sellers. And we refined our plans in Australia where we will continue to accept existing payment options while still protecting buyers who use PayPal for purchases up to $20,000 Australian dollars.  Weve recently announced more changes that will take effect in the second half of this year. The most important of these are major enhancements to both buyer and seller protections that leverage the unique power of PayPal. Buyers who pay with PayPal on eBay now have unlimited coverage on most transactions. This gives buyers greater confidence when they shop on eBay and pay with PayPal.  PayPal will also now extend protections to all U.S. sellers offering unmatched protections on eligible transactions at no additional cost. These new protections for buyers and sellers underscore the power of eBay and PayPal together. We believe that PayPal buyer and seller protections will be a cornerstone of a safe, trusted, and convenient shopping experience on eBay.  So stepping back, this review shows that we are moving quickly. Our focus is on making the appropriate changes and investments necessary for eBay to compete in todays environment. Were committed to making bold changes over a 12- to 18-month period that will drive sustainable improvement and enhance the health and vibrancy of eBay. Were off to a good start and the momentum in new listings and increase in sold items are positive early indicators, as are improved seller ratings. However, it is still early and we still have a lot more work to do. There are no silver bullets in a marketplace as diverse and dynamic as eBay, but we remain confident that we are moving on the direction and are on the right path.  Now lets take a look at the operating details from PayPal and Skype. The more time I spend with the PayPal team, the more excited I am about the growth prospects for this business. It is a gem.  Whats clear is that PayPal and eBay greatly benefit from each other. eBay offers PayPal a steady source of customers, and global penetration increased five points year over year to almost 57% in Q2, but theres still plenty of room for PayPal to grow on eBay. And growing PayPal is a priority for us, and weve made great progress. Across e-commerce, more people than ever are using PayPal. Active accounts increased by 19% to almost $63 million in the trailing 12 months.  Were also pleased to announce that weve launched Buy Now, Pay Later -- PayPal buyer credit on eBay in Q2. Were excited about the long-term opportunities this offering has for consumers.  On the merchant services side of PayPal's business, were seeing dramatic growth. Payments from e-commerce merchants now represent 49%, or nearly half of PayPal's total payment volume. Online retailers increasingly recognize PayPal's ability to deliver customers and increase conversion and sales.  Jet Blue, Delta Airlines, and Blockbuster Video are just some of the companies that have begun offering PayPal for their customers this quarter. Today, 32 of the top 100 U.S. retailers on the web and 13 of the top 50 in the U.K. accept PayPal.  In Europe this quarter, Arcadia Group, CD Wow, and two of the largest German flower retailers, [Fleura] and Valentines, have added PayPal. PayPal is available as a payment option on almost 140,000 European websites. And in Asia-Pacific, PayPal also had a strong quarter, reaching nearly $1 billion in total payment volume for the first time.  Now let me move briefly to Skype, which had another great quarter and continues to be a terrific business. Revenues grew 51% in Q2 and Skype is on track to surpass $500 million in revenue this year, with double-digit profit margins. As importantly, growth in user metrics have accelerated for two consecutive quarters, and Skype offers a killer communications application, with free peer-to-peer video, which is now used for more than 25% of Skype-to-Skype calls. This momentum is remarkable for a company not yet five years old and Josh Silverman and his team are doing a terrific job leading Skype since moving into their roles earlier this year.  Finally, before turning it over to Bob, Id like to announce some executive changes. Rajiv Dutta, head of global marketplaces, has decided to retire from eBay after 10 extraordinary years with the company. Rajiv has been one of eBay's most talented and inspirational leaders over the past decade. He has served as our CFO and then moved to various leadership roles at Skype, PayPal, and eBay. Rajiv has worked tirelessly with me, Lorrie Norrington, Stephanie [Telenius], and others on the marketplaces team this year to put a strong strategy in place for the eBay marketplaces and drive necessary change.  With the right strategy and the right team in place, Rajiv feels now is the time to conclude his career with eBay and he leaves many friends behind at eBay and I know he will continue to be one of our most passionate champions and closest friends.  Lorrie Norrington will succeed Rajiv as head of global marketplaces, reporting to me. Lorrie has been instrumental in developing and implementing our strategies this year. She is an exceptionally focused and talented executive with strong marketplaces experience, and she is an avid buyer and seller.  After more than 20 years running global operations at GE and Intuit, Lorrie joined eBay three years ago with the acquisition of Shopping.com, where she was CEO. Following that, Lorrie became President of eBay International, where she had full responsibility for more than half of our overall marketplaces business. And this year, she has served in a COO type role for marketplaces, so stepping up to lead eBay is a natural next step.  Now, Rajiv will be around for the next couple of months to ensure a smooth transition with Lorrie and the team, but I know you will join me today in thanking Rajiv for his extraordinary contributions to eBay over the past 10 years.  So with the strong leadership team in place and another strong quarter behind us, I feel very good about our progress to date. In January, I described the dramatic changes we intended to make to improve our business this year while meeting our financial commitments. I also said that we intend to finish 2008 in a stronger, more competitive position. Halfway through the year, my view remains largely the same.  First, we have a strong set of assets, and were making the bold changes necessary for eBay to compete in todays environment.  Second, were making changes that are necessary for the collective good of our eBay community, which requires give-and-take and honest conversation. Were committed to improving experiences for buyers, which in turn will create more opportunities for sellers.  Third, were leveraging the strength of eBay and PayPal together, and investing in PayPal to grow beyond eBay and capture its extraordinary full potential.  And lastly, were executing our strategies in a more uncertain economic environment than we saw six months ago, but we remain confident in our direction and in the strength and potential of our increasingly diverse portfolio. We have great businesses.  So weve accomplished a lot in a short period and this is exactly what we said we would do, and what the eBay marketplaces needs to compete more effectively longer term. Meanwhile, PayPal and the rest of our portfolio continue to perform well with substantial growth opportunities.  I look forward to updating you again on our progress in October during our Q3 earnings call, and now Ill turn it over to Bob for a closer look at the numbers. 
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. Now Ill review our financial performance in some detail. During my discussion, Ill reference our earnings slide presentation which accompanies the webcast.  Before I dive into the numbers, let me try to give you some context on how dramatically our business has evolved over the last several years. In just the past two years, the size of our business has increased by more than 50% and today, eBay Inc. represents a portfolio of increasingly diversified revenue streams. Weve expanded our global reach in marketplaces and PayPal and begun to capitalize on new areas of opportunity, such as classifieds and advertising.  Two years ago, 66% of our revenues were associated with marketplace transactions, while today these account for just 57%. PayPal transactions are now 26% compared to 23%; marketing services, which includes our fast-growing advertising and classifieds businesses, is 11% versus 8%; and Skype is now 6% compared to just 3% two years ago.  We are also more globally diverse today, with 54% of our revenues coming from international markets, compared to 47% back then. And finally, even though our lower margin businesses have grown faster and weve accelerated the level of investment in the business, our company-wide operating margins have remained relatively stable over the last two years as productivity and leverage have increasingly been part of how we operate.  As a result of our diversification efforts, we have a healthy portfolio of businesses today that is far less dependent on a single stream of revenue. Our Q2 results demonstrate continued progress in diversifying our revenues while maintaining strong operating margins.  Now Ill review our Q2 financial performance. Overall, as John said, we achieved strong financial results in the quarter despite a tough economic climate. We generated strong revenue growth, even stronger non-GAAP earnings growth and significant free cash flow. We continue to opportunistically execute our stock buy-back program, repurchasing $566 million worth of eBay shares.  In total, our combined businesses generated record net revenues of $2.2 billion in the second quarter, a 20% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth excluding acquisitions and FX, was 13%. Overall revenue growth was once again propelled by the high growth PayPal merchant services, classifieds, advertising, and Skype.  Non-GAAP EPS was $0.43 in Q2, a 25% increase from last year and $0.02 above the high-end of our guidance range. The EPS performance was driven by stronger-than-expected top line growth, increased productivity, a lower tax rate, and a lower share count.  Operating margin came in at 31.9% in the quarter, 50 basis points below last year, solely driven by a business mix shift towards our higher growth, lower margin, PayPal, and Skype businesses, as margins in all three of our reported segments increased over prior year levels.  We generated free cash flow of $617 million in the second quarter, an increase of 16% from the prior year, primarily driven by earnings expansion, while CapEx as a percent of revenues has held at 6% for the past four quarters. For the first half of 2008, free cash flow increased by 23% over the prior year.  Return on invested capital on a trailing 12-month basis was 28%. This measure has shown continuous improvement over the last several quarters, as weve been able to generate higher earnings on roughly the same level of capital employed.  Now lets take a closer look at our segment results. Overall, our marketplaces business segment achieved net revenues of $1.5 billion, an increase of 13% over the year-ago period. Transaction revenue grew by 9% and marketing services revenue increased 43%. The growth in marketing services was fueled by our text and graphical advertising partnerships, which posted hyper growth of 183% as we further optimized ad placements, and our classifieds business, which increased 65% over last year.  Marketplaces growth was negatively impacted by approximately three points related to our efforts around price rebalancing, power seller discounts, and customer loyalty couponing.  Global GMV was $15.7 billion in the quarter, an 8% increase. GMV growth was impacted by lower average selling prices and a rapid decline in vehicle GMV. I will cover this in more detail shortly.  Now lets take a look at some of the key operating metrics. More than 84 million active users were active on eBay's marketplaces over the trailing 12 months, an increase of 1% over last year, or up 6% excluding China and Taiwan. U.S. GMV was $7 billion in the quarter, an increase of 4% year-over-year, while international GMV grew 12% to $8.7 billion, accounting for 55% of global GMV. Excluding benefits from foreign exchange, international GMV grew by 4% over last year. GMV in the fixed price format increased 19% over last year and now accounts for 43% of global GMV as we execute against our initiatives to optimize fixed price offering.  As John stated earlier, we continue to implement changes to make eBay more competitive, with greater opportunities for sellers and better experiences for buyers. Let me take a moment to give you a little perspective on how we view the impact of the changes being made on our marketplaces.  One of our key initiatives in 2008 is to increase selection on our sites. With this goal in mind, we reduced up-front fees for our seller earlier this year. The data suggests that the pricing changes have had their desired effect on selection, as new listings grew 19% in the second quarter.  With selection increasing fairly dramatically, we experienced a natural and somewhat expected decline in conversion rate. Sold items, a function of listings, items per listing, and the conversion of listings to sales, is a measure of our unit volume. Sold items growth for total marketplaces was 10% in the quarter, a one point decrease from last quarter. In our three largest markets, the U.S., the U.K., and Germany, sold items accelerated by one point in Q2, but this was more than offset in other countries, particularly in Korea and Australia, where growth decelerated from Q1 levels.  We believe the trend in our largest three markets is an early but clear indication of increased velocity on our sites.  Our average selling price declined by 6% compared to last year due to three reasons: first, specific promotions we ran in Germany brought a significant amount of low-priced inventory onto the site, reducing ASPs; second, weve enhanced safety and reduced fraud on our sites, and were doing a better job of removing bad, high ASP listings before they convert to GMV; and third, we believe the slowing economies, particularly in the U.S. and the U.K., have caused consumers to trade down to lower priced items.  Collectively, these dynamics in supply, conversion, and ASP resulted in FX neutral GMV growth of 4% year over year, a four-point deceleration from Q1. A portion of this decline is related to weak vehicle sales, as the entire used car market experienced a significant slowdown in recent months, and we continue to experience a mix shift from transactions to the classifieds format.  While we are pleased that sold item growth accelerated in our big three markets, we recognize that many of the challenges weve embarked upon will take time to gain traction and impact our overall metrics in a meaningful way. But we remain convinced that were focused on the right set of priorities to strengthen the marketplace over the long-term and that we are moving in the right direction. As John said earlier, theres no silver bullet and theres still significant work to be done, so we remain focused on executing on our 08 priorities.  Now lets turn to our payments business. PayPal posted yet another very strong quarter, with total revenue coming in at $602 million, a 33% increase versus the same period last year. Total payment volume was $15 billion in Q2, a year-over-year increase of 35% and a point of acceleration from Q1. Total payment volume grew by 30% in the U.S. and 45% internationally.  We believe the strong growth trajectory weve seen at PayPal is a reflection of continued progress in our efforts to achieve ubiquity for PayPal on the web through increased penetration on eBay and an expanded footprint beyond eBay.  In key operating metrics, global active PayPal accounts grew to 63 million for the 12 months through Q2, an increase of 19% year over year. On eBay, PayPal's global TPV grew by 19% year over year. TPV growth was fueled by increases in addressable GMV coupled with a five point increase in the global penetration rate to 57%, as buyers increasingly use PayPal as a safer way to pay online.  Beyond the PayPal platform, PayPal merchant services business posted another phenomenal quarter, recording $7.3 billion of global TPV, representing 57% year over year growth and accounting for 49% of total TPV.  PayPal's Q1 transaction expense rate was 123 basis points and the transaction loss rate was 27 bps. Transaction margin was 61% in the quarter and has been above 60% in each of the last six quarters.  Our merchant services business has had tremendous success in signing up new merchants and increasing its share of checkout. Our share of e-commerce in the U.S. excluding eBay has increased to over 5%, more than doubling in the last few years. We remain focused on the tremendous growth opportunities for PayPal and will continue to strive towards achieving ubiquity for PayPal across the web.  In summary, PayPal notched another great quarter and is one of the key pillars of our company-wide growth strategy.  Now lets turn to our communications business -- Skype posted total revenue of $136 million in the second quarter, an increase of 51% over last year. Total registered users grew to an impressive $338 million, representing an increase of 54%. Key user metrics drove the growth in revenues, as Skype-to-Skype minutes were up 38% to 14.8 billion, and Skype out minutes increased 42% versus last year to 1.9 billion. Growth in both Skype-to-Skype minutes as well as Skype out minutes accelerated significantly for the second quarter in a row.  Let me touch briefly on incremental operating expense and cash position before I discuss guidance. We recorded $700 million of non-GAAP operating income, up 18% from last year, and non-GAAP net income of $568 million, up 20%. Sales and marketing as a percent of revenue improved by 260 basis points from the year-ago period, due in part to a more efficient online marketing spend and in part through investments in buyer loyalty and retention, some of which get recorded as contra revenue instead of expense through sales and marketing.  Product development came in 40 basis points higher than last year as we continue to make enhancements to the customer experience, while G&A was 20 basis points lower than last year as we gained leverage and decreased PayPal fraud losses by 4 basis points.  We ended the second quarter with more than $3.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents, up slightly from the end of the first quarter. $2.9 billion of our cash sits outside of the U.S.  During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 19 million eBay shares at a cost of $566 million, or $29.68 per share.  So with that, let me turn to guidance -- in the third quarter, we expect to generate net revenues of $2.1 billion to $2.15 billion, and we anticipate non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.39 to $0.41.  For full year 2008, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $8.8 billion to $9.05 billion, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.72 to $1.77, up from previous guidance of $1.70 to $1.75.  We now anticipate free cash flow for the year to be $2.35 billion to $2.45 billion, up $50 million from prior guidance.  We are raising our full year outlook to reflect our Q2 out-performance and were tightening the revenue range. This reflects increasing confidence in our ability to deliver our full-year results.  In summary, we posted strong financial results in the second quarter and the first half of the year. Strong top line growth, even stronger bottom line growth, and significant free cash flow. Were doing what we said we would do. We remain focused on our initiatives to drive change in our marketplaces business in order to provide the best value and experience for our customers. We feel good about our progress this year and know we still have a lot more work to do. We recognize it will take time for these initiatives to come to fruition, but were committed to seeing them through.  The outlook for the rest of the year provides us the flexibility to weather the tough economic climate and make continued investments in our initiatives, which we believe will strengthen our competitiveness in the long run.  And now wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jeffrey Lindsay with Sanford Bernstein.
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford C. Bernstein: Could I ask, what do you think is the impact of couponing on eBay's total revenues and take rate? And could you give us a sense of the relative magnitude of couponing and seller discounts? My question is about as eBay shifts to larger institutional power sellers, can we expect more discounting? And then secondly, could you indicate financially how these discounts and couponing are recorded? Are they contra revenues or costs? Thank you. 
Robert H. Swan: I will try to take them all. First, we indicated that our marketplaces revenue in the quarter were impacted by three points, and that was a function of three things: a modestly lower take rate from the price changes we made; secondly, higher discounting for the power sellers who continue to improve their overall service levels; and third, coupon as it relates to retaining our buyers as opposed to acquiring new ones. So a combination of those three things impacted marketplace revenue by three points in the quarter. That impacts overall Inc. level revenues by about two points.  In terms of the power seller discounts, we think this is a great program to incent our power sellers to continue to provide a better experience for our buyers, so to the extent that they keep providing great service, we think that will help grow the business; in turn, well reward those power sellers with discounts at the back end.  And lastly in terms of how we account for both couponing and power seller discounts, they -- power seller discounts is in effect a reduction of our take rate and couponing is treated as contra revenues, so they both impact our top line growth rate.  I should say you also will have noticed a dramatic decrease in sales and marketing percent, as a percent of total revenue and that is a function of the trade-off were making in terms of were using contra revenue couponing for better retention as opposed to more acquisition related sales and marketing expenses. So sales and marketing came down quite a bit during the course of the quarter. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Anmuth with Lehman Brothers.
Brian Fenske - Lehman Brothers : This is actually Brian Fenske on the line for Doug. A quick question; there had been discussion about rolling out category specific pricing. In the U.S., youve rolled out media. Is there any sort of timeline for rolling out more category specific pricing in the U.S.? And secondly, can you comment a little bit more about the deal you are doing with buy.com and how the economics work there, and I guess how you manage that with other power sellers? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Brian, Ill take that. First on category based pricing, as you mentioned we did roll out specific media pricing in the first quarter and weve communicated that its our intention to move in that direction, and most likely in the second half of the year. And the rational is quite simple, that sellers make very different margins in different categories, and so we think over time that our pricing has to reflect that.  With respect to buy.com, the buy.com relationship is one that really symbolizes what we want to do going forward, which is really incent and reward those sellers to provide low prices to buyers and great service, and buy.com has -- theyre in the process of doing that.  I might point out that the movement to incent and reward great prices and great service to buyers is not limited to larger sellers. In fact, we have many small sellers who are achieving very high DSRs and are providing great prices and great service to our buyers, and so I really want to emphasize that we have many small sellers succeeding under these conditions, as well as larger sellers. And so we intend to continue to incent and reward that across sellers large and small. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Youssef Squali with Jefferies & Company.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company: Thank you very much. A couple of questions; first, if I look at the GMV growth, both in the U.S. and outside, it was around 4%. Thats kind of the lowest weve seen in years. When you kind of work on your guidance, can you provide us or tell us what you baked into your guidance, both in terms of GMV growth and just how we should be thinking about ASPs? And second, can you speak to any areas of weakness, maybe economy related? I think you spoke to the auto sector. What other areas are you seeing weakness in that may be causing you to maybe be a little more cautious in your Q3 guidance. Thanks. 
Robert H. Swan: Youssef, a few things; first, we indicated at the beginning of the year that our primary focus is on increasing velocity on the eBay platform and we do it through a combination of improving selection, improving trust, and improving findings, so when we laid out our plan at the beginning of the year, John talked about those three initiatives and the most important metric for us in the near-term is successful item growth. And thats a measure of velocity and level of activity on the site.  So in the quarter, we had 11% successful item growth in Q1, 10% successful item growth in Q2, and we felt reasonably good about that. You know, we feel like we are making some decent progress on successful item growth.  That being said, GMV growth was dramatically impacted by lower average selling prices, and I kind of walked through the three different things that were driving lower average selling prices and thats -- you know, the good news is buyers are getting better deals on eBay, lower selling prices; the bad news is we dont convert that to higher GMV, but I wont walk through the changes in selling price again.  So the good, okay successful item growth, decline in average selling prices is what translated to the 4% GMV growth.  The only additional item is vehicles. Our vehicles business grew by 7% in the first quarter of 2008, and that went down to 0% in the second quarter. And thats primarily a function of two things; one, the economy overall unit growth in the overall secondary market in the quarter was down 6% to 7%. Our business was relatively flat, so clearly were impacted by unit volume. Secondly -- as a result the market was down 6% to 7%. We went from 7% growth in Q1 to 0% growth in Q2.  The second thing thats impacting our vehicles business is just a shift in formats and how that volume gets monetized. Format shift is to more classifieds, more local and thats why we have our [Mobilay] brand and Kijiji brand and other classified brands around the globe to capitalize on a shift in vehicles, how vehicles get transacted. And the second thing is we monetize differently. We monetize today more through subscriptions and ad-based fees as opposed to GMV based transaction fees.  So vehicles was down considerably Q1 to Q2; part of it was the economy, part of it was different formats that we think were well-positioned to win in, and I should just close on vehicles overall and say our revenues for vehicles grew by 11% in the quarter. It obviously doesnt get reflected in a declining GMV type metric. 
John J. Donahoe: So just to clarify, Bob, the GMV -- vehicle GMV growth went from 7 to 0; GMV revenue, or vehicle revenue, went from -- was that 11%?
Robert H. Swan: Eleven-percent. 
John J. Donahoe: Which reflects the shifting format. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Devitt with Stifel Nicolaus.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Two quick questions; the first one, back on the motors question, if you strip out motors against the metric slide that you put out, GMV growth was up 11% and then parts seemed to be weak as well, and I assume that's associated with vehicle sales to a certain extent. If you strip that out, GMV was up 12%. And so my question is just in terms of calculating the FX impact, if you were to look at the business excluding the autos business, is it still a 400 basis point or would there be some differential given the location of the Motor transactions?  And then separately, and if I missed this, Im sorry, could you give the direct contribution margin for PayPal? Thank you.
Robert H. Swan: Scott, in terms of the FX impact, yes, still 4 points, and secondly, transaction margins for PayPal were about 61% in the quarter, so that's about six quarters in a row where the transaction margins for PayPal have continued to be above 60%.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: I'm sorry, the direct contribution margin for PayPal, that's in the Q?
Robert H. Swan: Yeah -- well, no, the transaction margin is about 61%. The direct contribution margin in the quarter will be approximately 19, so up about a point on a year-over-year basis and down a few points from Q1 as we continue to make investments to accelerate PayPal's growth.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:
 :
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: Thank you for taking the question. If I look at the GMV deceleration and disaggregate into a vehicle hit of about 1%, a Korea hit, a fraud hit and an ASP hit, is it safe to assume that the vehicle and ASP weakness, all else equal, ought to continue while Korea and fraud ought to normalize in the next couple of quarters? Also, is it safe to assume that vehicles in Korea have very low take-rate activities which have less impact on transaction revenue, while the reduction in ASPs would flow through to lower transaction revenue because of lower final value? Thank you. 
Robert H. Swan: James, yes, on your second point, less of an impact on revenue. On your bifurcation of GMV deceleration in terms of how you broke it out, lower ASPs, vehicles and Korea, yes, that's the right kind of numeric breakout. In terms of implications going forward, we expect the GMV from vehicles to continue to be relatively weak compared to prior period performance. One, you know, hopefully temporarily due to the economy, but two and more importantly on a long-term basis, just a continued change in format and how we monetize that business. So that will be a constant theme as we go forward.  ASPs, I think theres a couple of things in ASP that we laid out. One, it is more economy sensitive, and that is we've seen a slowdown -- or not a slowdown, but consumers migrating to lower-priced items within categories and we believe that is more economy sensitive and I think we'll continue to feel the effects of that until the economy rebounds. I think the lower mix is a result of promotional activity, I think that's more a temporary kind of move. 
John J. Donahoe: But James, let me just build on what Bob said; this is one of the reasons why I think we're going to be increasingly focused on sold items during 2008, because at the end of the day sold items is the best indication that buyers are coming back and they're buying. We can't manage ASPs and as Bob said, if in a tougher economy people are trading down, they're finding better values at cheaper prices, that's not a bad thing in the long-term. And sold items is the indication that buyers are coming back, theyre increasing their frequency, and over time that will translate into good GMV and revenue and through ASP. So we internally are very much focused on the buyer retention metrics of buyer retention and sold items as the key variables.
Operator:
 :
David Joseph - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking my question. The first question is really just related to take rate. You might have touched on this before but I haven't heard the full answer; 9.3% versus about 8.1% in Q1, I know a lot of that has to do with the lower ASP and the vehicles softness but it seems like it might be unsustainable going forward and I'm wondering if you might give us a little bit of a feel for that.  Secondly, higher level, we're trying to make a -- really kind of understand what's going on with the business and really, we're not sure how to take the quarter. Looking at 13% organic growth for transaction revenue, 4% GMV growth, you're seeing relatively decent strength in PayPal and Skype, but it's not enough to offset the weakness in the core marketplace. And when we look at those trends in the core marketplace, it doesn't really give us a feeling that they are necessarily going to improve anytime soon and you really need to give us a better feel for that because at your shareholder meeting, you suggested that your shares might be undervalued. But if we're thinking that these trends should be forecasted out over the next couple of years and that we really shouldn't expect an acceleration in 2009, I'm not sure how your shares are undervalued at current levels. If you could help us understand that, that would be great. Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Maybe, Bob, you take the first and I'll take the second?
Robert H. Swan: Yeah, first, David, on take rate overall, our take rate in the quarter was just under 7.9%, which is roughly in line with Q1 and modestly higher than Q2 of last year; so no dramatic change, but several dynamics going on. First, the things that are negatively impacting our take rate I highlighted -- more couponing, less sales and marketing is negatively impacting our take rate. Secondly, the modest reduction in take rate as a result of our pricing efforts is impacting us, and third, the improved trust on the site as power sellers earn higher and higher discounts negatively impact take rate.  So those three things work against us and frankly, those are conscious decisions we made that we think are good for the health and vibrancy of the marketplace. The things that are offsetting that that are actually increasing take rate are primarily mix. StubHub had another great quarter and as you know, the take rate on StubHub is pretty high, so with a high growth, high take rate business, that positively impacts the overall take rate. And vehicles at the other end is a low take rate, slowing growth business and that increases the take rate overall.  So theres puts and takes on the overall take rate. It was essentially flat quarter on quarter and year on year, and our expectations on a go-forward basis are that we will likely drive loyalty with more couponing and continue to lower sales and marketing. We will likely make category-based price changes along the way, which are less up-front fees and more back-end, and we hope that our power seller discounts continue to increase service levels, which in turn we think will drive a more vibrant marketplace. So thats some of the dynamics on just take rate overall in the quarter. 
John J. Donahoe:  David, why dont I take your second question on the changes to the marketplace -- as I said earlier, we are about where we expected to be at this stage. In January, we said that we were going to focus on this year in making the aggressive changes to make the eBay business more competitive and in the first quarter, we announced the first series of those changes that in essence went into effect roughly March 1st. And if you sort of look at the variables were looking at on selection, the movement in pricing drove selection relatively quickly with new listings up. And then perhaps more importantly, on many of the trust and safety changes we're making, and best match changes to make eBay easier and safer to use, some of the early metrics where we'd expect to see those show up, such as buyer retention, the ratings buyers are giving sellers on DSRs, bad buyer experience is down -- that's a measure we track, that's down 15%; shipping costs are down roughly 8% to 10%; net promoter score, which is a buyer metric we track internally, is up. And so the first place we expect to see that show up is in sold items or successful items, and as I said earlier, we see some improvement there.  We're going to continue to make changes in the second-half of the year and we think those changes will continue to drive that sold item count up and it's one we're going to stay very focused on. As we said earlier, the ASP equation is not something we can manage but it's something that will play its way out, but we're confident that with buyers coming back and increasing their frequency, over time GMV and revenue will go up as well.  So halfway into the year, we've increased guidance $300 million and $0.10 of EPS. We're going to focus on the second-half of the year on continuing to make changes and we're continuing our second-half guidance to give ourselves the latitude to take these actions and bear the short-term risks and also absorb any uncertainty in the economy.  But we feel like we're on the right path and we're going to stay with it. 
Robert H. Swan: John, if I could; David, Id like to just emphasize a point that John made as well -- when he talks about increasing velocity on the site and the significance of increasing velocity, that's because we will monetize that traffic in new ways, in different ways on a go-forward basis. So when you look at just transaction revenue growth of 9% in the quarter, that's a function of velocity on the site. But the other things, PayPal's on-eBay revenue growth was up 19% year over year. That's because of increased velocity and increased penetration on transactions on the site. Advertising was up 183% year over year; that is a function of increased velocity and people coming back to the site.  So as we focus on improving velocity, we know we're going to monetize that in different ways over time, not just through insertion fees and final value fees, but also through progress we make on penetration and our ability to monetize in new and different ways on an advertising basis.
Operator:
 :
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners: One question on the marketing side; it seems as if, given the fact that if I go to the page, for example, the only monetization that's happening above the fold is an ad from Yahoo!, and I was just curious if that's indicative of its ability to better monetize relative to what you think your listings can monetize, and/or if you think that ultimately improves the buyer experience? Thanks.
John J. Donahoe: Christa, yes, the bottom line is we think our listings, especially as we improve search, are the best way to monetize that above-the-fold real estate. So we do have the graphical display ad from Yahoo! at the top of the page but listings are still monetized most effectively and are consistent with the real core focus on the transaction marketplace.  We're finding where the text ads really monetize best are on null search results, where in those rare cases we don't have inventory, or on complementary items that are made to fold down at the bottom, and so overall both text ads and graphical advertising, as Bob said, is growing. We continually test that to make sure what placements optimize our advertising but by and large, above-the-fold listings monetize better.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners: So you think that you can continue to see high double-digit growth, even in this environment, given what's going on in the display marketplace?
John J. Donahoe: I think we look at advertising overall and we continue to be optimistic that advertising is a nice complementary way to monetize our traffic. 
Operator:
 :
Brian Pitz - Banc of America: Thank you. Two quick questions; would you talk about any noticeable benefit you realized from tax rebates stimulus checks in the quarter? And then separately, can you give us any color on the traction regarding PayPal's 1.5% cash-back promotion? Thanks.
Robert H. Swan: First on the tax rebate in the quarter, we saw in the U.S. some -- we indicated successful item growth quarter over quarter, so we feel good about that. It is hard to isolate, given the changes that we are making, down to whether the tax rebate check really had a discernible impact on that or not, but I would say probably not.  Secondly, I didnt break down the -- yeah, I think on the PayPal promotion, too early to say. We just launched it a little bit ago and we think its a unique way to leverage the inherent synergies between PayPal and eBay but Id say a little too early to say at this stage. 
Brian Pitz - Banc of America: Thank you. 
Mark Rowen : Thank you, everyone, for joining us and well see you on the next call.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen - Vice President, Investor Relations John J. Donahoe - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert H. Swan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President - Finance
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Brian Pitz - Bank of America  Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank  Imran Khan - JP Morgan  James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers  Justin Post - Merrill Lynch  David Joseph - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to eBay's first quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the company is the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. John Donahoe and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Rowen, the Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mark Rowen : Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2008. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our new President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website, investor.ebay.com.  Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this call.  In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the companys ability to grow its businesses under user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increased need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, regulatory tax, as well as IP and other litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VOIP industry, our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political, business, and economic conditions, and the impact of integration of recent and future acquisitions.  You can find more about factors that could affect our results in our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them.  And now, let me turn the call over to John. 
John J. Donahoe: Thank you, Mark and welcome, everyone to todays conference call. As you know, this is my first earnings call as eBay's CEO and I am excited to be here. Heres how I plan to spend the next few minutes.  After recapping the priorities I laid out in our last call, I will give you a highlight of the companys Q1 financial performance. Then Ill give you my perspective on the results from each business unit, as well as the progress weve made against our priorities. And finally, Ill give you a few closing thoughts before turning it over to Bob for more detail on the quarterly figures and our outlook for the full year.  In January, at the time of my appointment as CEO, I told you that I believe this company had an incredibly strong portfolio of businesses and an excellent 13-year track record. I also told you that I thought eBay had not quite kept pace with the changing competitive environment and with our customers expectations. And I said that 2008 would be a year of bold changes where we would make breaks from the past by delivering against three clear corporate priorities.  One, make eBay easier and safer to use; two, improve value and selection through pricing and incentives and by weaving auctions and fixed price in a uniquely eBay way; and three, extend PayPal's leadership position in online payments both on and off eBay.  During the call today, I will walk through progress weve made against these three priorities.  But first I want to summarize our overall financial results from the quarter. Looking at the companys performance, this was a strong financial quarter for eBay. We delivered nearly $2.2 billion in net revenue, representing 24% year over year growth. We also delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.42 and generated $632 million in free cash flow. We also repurchased $1 billion of stock during the quarter.  Our marketplaces business unit delivered $1.5 billion in revenue, an increase of 19% over last year, while global GMV increased 12% to $15 billion. This business is off to a good start for the year, highlighted by improving metrics and encouraging trends in the eBay business, as well as excellent performance by StubHub, our online tickets marketplace.  On the payment side, PayPal continued to perform extremely well. PayPal delivered revenues of $582 million, up 32% from the same period last year. Total payment volume, or TPV, on the eBay global platform was up 17% and merchant services TPV was up 61%. These figures are impressive and we believe there is even more potential for eBay to expand both on and off eBay.  Skype also had another strong quarter. Skype posted total revenue of $126 million for the quarter, an increase of 61% over last year. We also saw Skype's key user metrics improve significantly, particularly the number of active users and the volume of both Skype to Skype and Skype out minutes. More people then ever are using Skype to stay connected with their friends and family around the world.  Other highlights from across the company include our classifieds business, which had very strong user growth and revenue growth at 60% from the same period last year. And we continue to gain traction in our text and graphical ad business, which posted 151% revenue increase for the quarter.  All in all, we delivered strong financial performance for the quarter and feel good about the solid start to 2008.  Now I would like to turn to the marketplaces results and the progress weve made in that business. Back in January, I was very explicit that we are extremely focused on improving the buyer experience on eBay. This is not to say that sellers are not important to us but our belief is and always has been that what is good for buyers is ultimately good for sellers, and this successful balancing of the ecosystem is what makes for the most healthy and vibrant marketplace.  So with buyers in mind, we announced several changes in January. First, we announced a reduction in insertion fees, we made gallery photos free in the U.S., and we increased final value fees. In essence, we rebalanced our pricing model to encourage greater selection and to better align eBay's success with that of our sellers. We also announced that we are moving forward toward best match search, an innovation at the heart of bringing the best items and best values to our buyers.  Second, we said that for the first time in our history we were going to start rewarding sellers who provide the best buyer experience. Youll recall that last year during 2007 we implemented detailed seller ratings, or DSRs, which allow buyers to rate sellers on the qualities of service most important to them.  During Q1, we began using DSRs to extend seller discounts for qualified power sellers based on the quality of their service and we began to increase exposure for listings and search results for those sellers who have consistently high DSRs -- in other words, sellers who provide the best customer experience.  And third, we announced a bold revamp to our feedback system. Feedback has always been at the core of eBay's success. For sellers, it represents nothing short of reputation. For buyers, its a critical element of trust and creates the mindset needed for a successful transaction.  Over the years, our feedback system had lost some of its balance and fairness, so in January we set out to fix this by announcing a series of changes.  Now as we expected, some of the announcements generated a lot of passion from our community and this is a good thing. eBay was built on strong customer input. That input makes us stronger because we listen.  For instance, we heard a lot of feedback from our media sellers that the pricing structure we announced didnt make economic sense for their businesses. So after hearing their thoughts and taking into consideration a number of factors, we made the decision to move to category specific pricing for our media sellers. At the same time, the eBay leadership team has a deep understanding of our marketplace. We sit in the unique position of hearing all of the feedback from all sides and we stayed the course on the changes that we believe are critical to the overall health of the marketplace and the long-term success of our entire community of users.  So the question is how are these changes impacting our business? Let me say that while it is still too early to know the long-term success of these programs, we are encouraged by what we are seeing. Here are a few highlights.  Global listings growth improved to 10% year over year, while conversion rates declined only slightly. And since the time our pricing changes took effect six weeks ago, we have seen measurable improvements in listings, sold items, and GMV in our three largest markets.  We are also seeing early progress from best match, which is just rolling out in the U.S., Germany, U.K., and France, where there appears to be finding the right product from the best sellers is getting easier on these sites. And as always, we will continue to iterate our best match based on our ongoing learning.  And lastly, there is some evidence that the buyer experience is getting better. Gallery photos have achieved nearly 100% adoption across all categories in the U.S. and have overall made for a cleaner site and enhanced buyer experience.  Also, average DSRs have shown signs of improvement. Buyers are telling us that sellers are communicating with more detail and more accuracy, and average shipping costs in the U.S. are 2% lower since we announced that seller discounts would be tied to these measures. This tells us that sellers are really applying themselves to making customer satisfaction a competitive advantage on eBay.  I am encouraged by the direction the metrics are headed. We believe these positive indications tell us that eBay is in fact becoming easier and safer to use. I am also pleased by the e-mails Im receiving from sellers telling me that they have seen their businesses accelerate due to the changes weve made. And I remain confident that we made the right call for the marketplace and for the long-term prospects of the company.  That said, I want to be very clear -- we still have a lot more work to do. We remain committed to making the necessary changes that will make eBay easier and safer and we intend to make additional changes throughout the year. These include innovations that will work to improve trust, enable a better finding experience for our customers, and expand selection of inventory in a uniquely eBay way.  Let me give you just one example of what we are up to. We recently announced safer payments in Australia. Safer payments is a policy change that requires sellers in Australia to offer PayPal as the only payment option. We see this as an additional safety net for buyers and an ideal way to give buyers a higher degree of protection and trust when transacting on eBay. And we believe this will eventually lead to increased transaction volume.  In fact, we are so confident that this will promote a safer eBay experience for buyers, we are simultaneously increasing PayPal buyer protection to $20,000 Australian dollars. Now, for those of you that dont have your calculators on hand, thats about $18,500.  eBay Australia has always been a proving ground for new programs and policies, so we will carefully evaluate the impact of safer payments and then use this to inform our approach in other countries.  So overall, I am pleased with the quarterly performance from the marketplaces business and I am encouraged by some of the positive trends we are seeing as a result of our efforts. There is a lot more work to do but I am confident we are on the right path to maintain our leadership position in todays competitive e-commerce landscape.  Now lets take a look at the operating details from PayPal and Skype. As I mentioned earlier, PayPal had a very strong quarter. I told you in January that PayPal is a gem of a business and that wed continue to focus on PayPal's growth. As evidenced by the numbers from this quarter, PayPal remains a fantastic trajectory.  PayPal's Q1 global TPV of $14.4 billion accounted for nearly 9% of worldwide e-commerce, with more than a third of that coming from countries outside the U.S. This is an all-time high for international TPV.  Also during Q1, PayPal processed an average of $158 million of TPV each day, which translates into over $6.6 million of TPV per hour. This gives you some idea of the large amount of volume flowing through the PayPal system on any given day.  Our merchant services business, or PayPal off eBay, continues to shine. Global merchant services volume accounted for 46% of PayPal TPV, a new record.  In the U.S., a recent study showed that 25% of online U.S. retailers now accept PayPal, including many major retailers like CompUSA and Jet Blue Airlines, which we added during the quarter.  In Europe, our merchant services business continues to accelerate, where weve seen PayPal drive incremental sales of up to 5% for our largest merchants. In addition, recent research shows that small to medium sized merchants can receive up to 15% incremental sales after adding PayPal.  In Q1, TPV from PayPal's European merchant services business delivered 69% year over year growth. PayPal is now available as a payment option on more than 130,000 European websites, including the Ferrari Store in Italy and Office Depot in the U.K.  Lastly, we acquired Fraud Sciences, an Israeli based company with expertise in online risk tools. With PayPal's top priority to offer the most secure payment system in the industry, we believe that Fraud Sciences tools and advanced analytics will help enhance and complement PayPal's proprietary fraud management system.  So as you can see, PayPal continues to impress with its rapid growth and excellent execution. I believe 2008 will be PayPal's best year yet, especially as we continue to innovate around ways for PayPal and eBay to work even more closely together to drive a great buyer experience.  Now let me turn to Skype for a minute. Skype continues to experience tremendous growth. Registered users grew to 309 million and more and more people are using Skype in their daily lives than ever before. In fact, in February of this year, Skype announced that it had enabled a total of 100 billion minutes of conversation. That is a remarkable milestone.  Skype also reached another important milestone during the quarter. A recent study showed that brand awareness of Skype in North America had doubled. This is particularly significant given that Skype is less well-known here in the U.S. than in Europe or Asia.  Also in the quarter, our Skype marketing team developed a fantastic partnership with Oprah Winfrey. For all of you Oprah fans, you know that she now uses Skype video to have on-air conversations with her guests during her hugely popular TV show and via her online webcast series. Clearly this has been a big win for the Skype team.  And lastly, we were pleased to announce the appointment of Josh Silverman as President of Skype. Josh is a seasoned executive with great international experience and I am very confident in his abilities to further accelerate Skype's business. With new leadership in place, 2008 looks to be another impressive year of innovation and growth at Skype.  So with Q1 behind us, I feel very good about the direction we are headed. Weve come a long way in just three months. During that time, eBay has embraced an exciting new mindset. More than ever, we are focused on making eBay more appealing to buyers while giving sellers the tools and support they need to thrive.  eBay employees have been tightly reorganized around our priorities and there is a strong sense of clarity and purpose to everything we are doing. And while there is still a lot more work to do, I am confident that eBay is reinventing itself in exhilarating new ways that will strengthen the growth of our business and lead to an even more exciting future.  I look forward to updating you again on our progress in July during our Q2 earnings call. And now Ill turn it over to Bob for a closer look at the numbers. 
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, John. Let me review our Q1 financial performance in some detail. During my discussion, Ill reference our earnings slide presentation which accompanies the webcast.  Overall, we are very pleased with our first quarter results. We generated strong revenue growth, even stronger non-GAAP earnings growth, and excellent free cash flow. In a volatile market, we opportunistically repurchased $1 billion worth of eBay shares during the quarter, or almost 3% of the outstanding shares.  All in all, we are off to a strong start for the year despite a tough economic climate.  Before I delve into the numbers, I would like to touch on a quick housekeeping item, a new revenue classification. Today eBay represents a portfolio of businesses, some of which monetize the services we provide to our users in new and different ways. Therefore, in order to help investors better understand our portfolio, we are introducing a new framework for revenue classification.  We believe this new classification will increase transparency and provide better alignment with some of the non-GAAP metrics we report. In the new classification, transaction revenue represents fees earned from marketplaces GMV, PayPal TPV, and telecom offerings.  Marketing services and other primarily includes revenue earned from advertising, shopping.com lead generation fees, third-party services, as well as interest earned on certain PayPal account balances. Ill talk more about this later.  Now lets dive into the numbers. In total, our combined businesses generated record net revenues of $2.2 billion in the quarter, a 24% increase over last year. Organic revenue growth excluding acquisitions and FX, was 16%. Growth was once again propelled by PayPal and in particular merchant services, Skype, classifieds, and advertising.  Additionally, GMV growth was stronger than expected, helped by the pricing changes that John discussed earlier.  Non-GAAP EPS was $0.42 in the first quarter, a 26% increase from last year and $0.03 above the high end of our guidance range. The EPS performance was driven by a stronger-than-expected top line growth, a lower tax rate, benefits from a weaker U.S. dollar, and a lower share count.  Operating margin came in as expected at 32% in the quarter, 160 basis points lower than last year, primarily due to a business mix shift towards our higher growth but lower margin PayPal and Skype businesses, and higher litigation expenses.  We generated free cash flow of $632 million in the first quarter, an increase of 32% above last years level, primarily driven by earnings expansion.  Now lets take a closer look at our segment results. Overall, our marketplaces business segment achieved net revenues of $1.5 billion, an increase of 19% over the year-ago period. Global GMV was $16 billion in the quarter, a 12% increase. The seven point gap between GMV and revenue is largely driven by marketing services growth of 56%.  Within marketing services, our classifieds business continued to experience robust growth at 60% year over year, and our graphical and text advertising revenues increased more than 150% as we expanded coverage and improved targeting. Marketing services increased to 15% of marketplaces revenue in the first quarter, up from 11% last year.  Overall GMV growth came in slightly better than we expected as some of our new initiatives gained traction. In addition, cross-border trade helped increase GMV growth, accounting for 18% of global GMV in the quarter compared to 16% last year.  That being said, GMV growth was negatively impacted by the broader economic environment in two of our largest markets, the U.S. and the U.K., which resulted in weaker domestic demand on these sites.  Now lets walk through some of the key operating metrics. eBay's market prices had 84 million active users on a trailing 12-month basis, an increase of 1% over last year or up 6% excluding China and Taiwan. New listings totaled $647 million in the quarter, an increase of 10% year-on-year. The acceleration in listings growth was helped by the strong reception by sellers to our lower listing fees, particularly in the media category, as well as the promotion in late March.  U.S. GMV was $7.2 billion in the quarter, an increase of 7% year over year, driven by strength in media and apparel. International GMV grew 17% to $8.9 billion, accounting for 55% of global GMV.  Excluding benefits from foreign exchange, international GMV grew by 8%, driven by consumer electronics, apparel, and home and garden.  In Europe, GMV growth accelerated in the U.K. and in Germany, where our new pricing structure has attracted more merchandise to our site, which in turn helped to accelerate the number of items sold.  In Asia, we are extremely pleased with the progress in Korea, where Q1 GMV grew 36% over last year, excluding vehicles. We accelerated GMV growth for the second quarter in a row and continued to gain share in a highly competitive market. We also continued to experience robust GMV growth in Australia.  GMV in the fixed price format continued to grow rapidly in Q1, increasing 22% over last year and accounting for 42% of global GMV. As John stated earlier, well continue our efforts to make it easier for buyers to find the best selection at the greatest value, regardless of the format.  Overall, the marketplaces business had a strong quarter. We continue to execute on our 2008 priorities and while there is still significant work to be done, we are encouraged by the early results we have seen thus far.  Now lets turn to our payments business. PayPal posted yet another very strong quarter with total revenue coming in at $582 million, a 32% increase versus the same period last year. Total payment volume in the quarter was $14.4 billion, an increase of 34% year over year. TPV grew by 29% in the U.S. and 43% internationally.  We believe the strong growth trajectory weve seen at PayPal over the past quarters is a reflection of the continued progress in our efforts to achieve ubiquity for PayPal on the web, through increased penetration on eBay and an expanded footprint beyond eBay.  In key operating metrics, PayPal had 60 million active accounts at the end of the quarter, an increase of 17% over last year. On the eBay platform, PayPal's global TPV grew by 17% year over year. TPV growth was fueled by increases in GMV coupled with a 220 basis point increase in the global penetration rate on eBay to 54.5%.  Beyond the eBay platform, PayPal's merchant services business posted another phenomenal quarter and now its penetrated 31 of the top 100 online merchants in the U.S.  Merchant services recorded $6.6 billion in global TPV in the quarter, representing a 61% year-over-year growth and accounting for 46% of the total TPV. PayPal's Q1 transaction expense rate was 118 basis points and the transaction loss rate was 24 basis points. Segment margins for the quarter came in at 23%, up 180 basis points from last year, as we continue to benefit from the investments we made in 2006 and 2007.  In summary, PayPal notched another great quarter. Our global payments business continues to strengthen and PayPal is one of the key pillars of our company-wide growth strategy.  Now lets turn to our communications business. Skype posted total revenue of $126 million in the quarter, an increase of 61% over last year. Total registered users grew to an impressive 309 million, representing an increase of 58%.  The growth rate of our key user metrics accelerated this quarter as Skype-to-Skype minutes were up 30% to 14.2 billion and Skype-out minutes increased 33% versus last year to 1.7 billion.  Now let me touch briefly on Inc. level operating expense and cash position before I discuss our 2008 guidance.  We reported $701 million of non-GAAP operating income, up 18% from last year, and non-GAAP net income of $562 million, up 22%. Sales and marketing improved 100 basis points from a year-ago period, due in part to a more efficient online marketing spend and in part through investments in buyer loyalty and retention, some of which get recorded as contra revenue instead of expensed to sales and marketing.  Product development came in 10 basis points higher than last year as we continue to make enhancements to the customer experience, and G&A was 70 basis points higher than last year, primarily due to one-time litigation expenses.  We ended the first quarter with more than $4 billion in cash, cash equivalents and investments, a decrease of approximately $900 million from December 31. During the quarter, we brought back approximately $2 billion from our international subsidiaries to the U.S., which allowed us to repurchase 37 million eBay shares at a cost of approximately $1 billion without the need to access our credit facility.  So with that, let me turn to guidance. In Q2, we expect to generate net revenues of $2.1 billion to $2.15 billion, and we anticipate non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.39 to $0.41. For the full year 2008, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $8.7 billion to $9 billion, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.70 to $1.75, up from previous guidance of $1.63 to $1.67.  While we are raising our full year outlook, we still remain cautious about the economic environment. The increase in our guidance reflects our strong Q1 performance, coupled with benefits from a weaker dollar and a lower share count due to our repurchase activity in the first quarter. Adjusted for these factors, the guidance for the rest of the year is similar to the view we laid out for you three months ago.  This guidance reflects the possible impact of the changes that are necessary to strengthen our competitive position. John highlighted the changes we will be making, including steps to improve trust, make finding easier, and expand selection, all of which may introduce volatility into our business over the next few quarters.  For instance, one such initiative he discussed, safer payments in Australia, may negatively impact short-term GMV in that market. Our guidance captures this volatility, a higher level of investment, and our cautious view on the economy.  In summary, 2008 is off to a good start -- strong top line growth, even stronger bottom line growth and excellent free cash flow. During the quarter, we rolled out several initiatives aimed at improving our marketplace business and there will be more to come. Although cross border trading expanded on our platform, U.S. e-commerce growth rates our slowing. Our outlook for the rest of the year reflects our intention to invest in and strengthen our business for the long run.  And now wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Mark Mahaney. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. Two quick questions, please, first on the buyer side, the buyer experience improvements, are there other steps you can do going forward? And would part of that be a more aggressive advertising campaign to let people know about some of the seller improvements or the improvements to the marketplace that those seller changes have brought? And then secondly, could you just go a little bit into more detail about what economic impact you are seeing. The U.S. GMV trends, the TPV trends show a deceleration but really within trend line, it doesnt appear externally that youve seen a major economic impact yet on your business. Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Mark. Ill take the first question and Bob, maybe you handle the second. In terms of our buyer experience, Mark, we do not anticipate, to directly answer your question, doing an advertising campaign in the near future that advertises these changes but rather want to get our buyers experiencing that and simply coming back for more. And the early data we are seeing is that buyers are noticing the changes, most noticeably by giving higher detailed seller ratings. We are encouraged by that because it says sellers are now competing on service as well as on price and we think our buyers are noticing that. And the most powerful way to drive our growth is for our buyers to keep coming back and buying more. So we are going to keep our heads down, really focused on that buyer experience for the remainder of the year. 
Robert H. Swan: And Mark, in terms of the economic impact, particularly here in the U.S., yeah, youre right. The trendline for U.S. GMV was pretty stable during the course of the quarter and as John indicated, we saw some momentum from the initiatives that we launched towards the end of February.  That being said, some of our growth in GMV was from very -- from strong cross-border trade and we saw towards the end of the quarter as we try to isolate cause and effect between the initiatives we were seeing and the overall economy and the impact. We saw a slowing in terms of buyers propensity to buy towards the end of the quarter. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you, Bob. Thank you, John. 
Mark Rowen : Next question, please. 
Operator: Well go next to Brian Pitz with Bank of America Securities. 
Brian Pitz - Bank of America : Thanks. You mentioned modest downward impact to take rates from listing changes over the course of the quarter, but when you look at the numbers it seems like take rates were down only slightly. Can you give us a sense for what you are anticipating for changes in take rates going forward based on listings changes? And then, any additional color on the U.S. and the U.K.? Are you seeing slower traffic? Should we think about it in terms of lower potential conversion rates, purchasing of lower ASP goods, and any specific weakness to verticals in terms of those markets? Thanks. 
Robert H. Swan: Thanks, Brian. Ill start. Im not sure I got the whole question but in terms of overall take rate for marketplaces, on a year-over-year basis there was a modest increase. But theres a couple dynamics underneath the covers. One, StubHub had a great quarter, grew very fast and that has a higher take rate, as you know, than the rest of our business, so that helped the overall numbers.  Secondly, vehicles grew a little bit slower and that has a lower take rate, so overall that positively impacts our take rate.  Offsetting those two positives though was a relatively flat take rate in the U.S. and modestly lower in the U.K. and Germany.  As we think about the rest of the year, as John indicated we will continue to make changes to drive great selection on the site and that will -- we anticipate that could include pricing changes probably more category in nature.  Secondly, weve made very good progress in a relatively short period of time. Our sellers have made good progress on DSRs. In turn, that will drive higher discounts which well feel great about paying as they improve the buyer experience.  And lastly, we will step up the level of couponing to engage and retain our active user base over the course of the year, and the combination of those three things will have -- result in a modestly lower take rate and modestly higher contra revenue for the rest of the year. 
Brian Pitz - Bank of America : Great, and just any additional color, U.S., U.K. in terms of what we could expect in terms of your slowdown that you are seeing? Is it ASPs, conversion rates on those goods, just early stage or is it too tough to tell?
John J. Donahoe: Brian, I would separate two things. One is what is the response we are seeing to the changes we are making, and then the second thing would be what impact is the economy having. Let me first address the first.  You know, its only been about six weeks since the changes we announced have gone into place, so that the rebalanced pricing took effect in the U.S., Germany, and the U.K., that the incenting sellers to provide good buyer experience in the form of seller discounts and exposure and search, and increasingly exposing best match search to those.  And in both the U.S. and U.K., were encouraged by the early results. We see increased listings, conversion is held up. Its declined slightly in both so its successful -- item growth is up and GMV is up in both, and thats also true, by the way, in Germany. So we are encouraged by those early results.  The vertical results is an interesting question because in the U.S., one particular standout category has been media. As you know, we went to media specific pricing and we intend to over the year continue to implement some pricing changes in a more category based way, because we think thats one of the ways that will allow us to allow -- recognize that sellers have different margins in each category and we can gear our pricing more toward it. So from a structural level, given the changes weve made, we are encouraged by the early results and then when we overlay the economy, we just simply have a cautious outlook. Traffic actually held up in the first quarter. Our traffic, our total aggregate traffic site wide, we had 80 million uniques and the same number of page views, but we are conscious that we are not immune to changes in the economy and the good news for us is that our priorities remain the same in good economic times or bad, which is to say our focus this year is on improving the user experience, improving the buyer experience.  And we think weve got some unique advantages in uncertain times because of as Bob mentioned, our cross-border trade, because eBay is the source for great deals and eBay still remains the only place you can turn assets into cash in seven to 14 days.  So we are not counting on any of that but we are going to be aggressive in going after it. 
Brian Pitz - Bank of America : Great, thanks. Great color. 
Mark Rowen : Next question, please. 
Operator: Well go next to Jeetil Patel with Deutsche Bank.
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank: A couple of questions -- I guess can you talk about what have you learned from buyers and their behavior in terms of the response to the couponing that you did throughout the quarter, or I think during the major changes you made, as well as best match. What do you think had the bigger impact in terms of incenting buyers to transact or helping transactions there as you look at all these changes made? And then, can you talk about I guess the notion of couponing, is the strategy to improve the low ASP high volume categories through couponing and is it accretive? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: With respect to buyer reaction to the changes, we are seeing really a couple of things. One on couponing, some very surprising and positive ROIs. Let me be clear -- our focus on the couponing is for our top buyers and the first place we are focusing our couponing is when we see a decline in frequency, well send a coupon or when we see someone buying in one category and we want to incent or motivate them to buy in another category, well do it.  And so its still a relatively small sample in Q1 but weve seen very good redemption rates and we think thats leading to more buyer loyalty over time. So well expand that in Q2 and again, based on that learning we will continue to expand it during the year but its going to be very targeted and very focused on the key points in a customers lifecycle where we think it can have the biggest impact.  With respect to best match, the biggest impact in best match I think in the first quarter has been we are -- buyers are seeing more items from sellers that provide good buyer experiences, so the biggest impact has been high DSR sellers are getting more exposure on the first page and lower DSR sellers are getting less, and so buyers arent conscious that they are seeing a higher quality inventory necessarily on the surface but we are seeing that in those categories, in those situations where were ramping that up, were seeing higher conversion rates.  I also want to be clear on our approach to best match. We are not approaching best match as some huge initiative that is going to roll out overnight. Best match is a series of changes, a series of iterations where we are taking advantage of our unique proprietary data on closed transactions and our experience and well continue to make iterations based on our experience throughout the year. 
Robert H. Swan: Just to add a little more color on Johns comments on couponing, what weve concluded is the best way to grow our active user base is by not to lose any of them and coupons is one of the vehicles that well have to do that.  The second thing that youve seen during the course of the quarter is the sales and marketing as a percent of revenue has come down and its because we believe the couponing and the retention of best buyers is a lot more efficient than having to necessarily go out and generate new buyers while not keeping the ones we have extremely satisfied. So thats a little bit of a shift in terms of how we think about retention relative to acquisition in our sales and marketing dollars.  And then the second thing you see is slightly higher product related expenses for the user experience relative to sales and marketing as well. 
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank: Can you talk about when couponing actually becomes accretive? Is it on the first transaction, is it third transaction? And then also can you just talk about whether youve changed how long you hold the consumer buyer dollars before you transfer the money to sellers and let them go ahead and ship the item? Are you carrying a higher flow in terms of days between buyer collection and seller notification to ship the item?
Robert H. Swan: Ill take the first one and I couldnt quite get the second part because you are going in and out on us. In terms of coupons, as John indicated, were at the relatively early stages of using coupons to retain and increase the level of activity of our existing buyers. And we feel like thats a very efficient spend.  In terms of the accretive nature of it or not, Id just characterize early days. These are high ROI dollars and well continue to do more of them.  The second part, Jeetil, I apologize. You were kind of going in and out, so -- 
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank: Ill catch up with you offline on that but any way to characterize how the first two weeks have gone in April?
Mark Rowen : Operator, next question, please. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Imran Khan with JP Morgan.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan : Thank you for taking my questions. Two strategic questions. First, John, I think eBay is an investor of a company called [inaudible] and they had some great success with the installment payment on market [inaudible] platform. Any thought on building installment payments for PayPal? I know you have a partnership, so if you can give some color, whats your thought on that front? And secondly, you have strong growth of registered users and Skype to Skype minutes, but one of the things that you talked about when you acquired Skype was integrating Skype on the eBay platform. Can you give us some update what kind of traction you are seeing integrating Skype on the eBay platform? Are you satisfied with that? If not, what can you do about that? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Imran. Let me just take your first -- Ill actually take both questions. On your first question on installment, we do. We announced last year a product called PayPal Later -- PayPal Pay Later, rather, and thats a transactional line of credit which allows merchants to offer flexible and customized financing options to buyers at the point of sale, even if the buyer doesnt have a PayPal account.  And we are partnered with GE on this. The credit is determined and issued by GE Money and its based on the buyers credit history. So we think there is nice potential there and on top of the PayPal platform, which of course is unmatched with the number of merchants, the number of consumers we have, we think if this is going to take off anywhere its going to take off on PayPal.  So I think youll see us increasing our focus on this, increasing our marketing around it as the year goes on.  With respect to Skype and integration on eBay, as I said earlier we are delighted that we now have Josh Silverman in and running Skype and what we know is Skype is a great standalone business thats experiencing explosive growth in terms of its financials and in terms of its user base.  What we really havent had a chance to test as aggressively as wed like is the synergies and so well be testing and experimenting with our synergies in 2008. One of the ways as you described is what synergies exist between eBay and PayPal. And they arent always going to be what we initially thought. Let me give you an example.  Skype announced a product called Skype Prime, which is in essence a services marketplace on Skype. And well begin to cross-promote this a little bit on eBay but Skype is just now getting to some of its e-commerce priorities and well explore those synergies as we go longer in the year. Well also explore the Skype and PayPal synergies. 
Mark Rowen : Next question, please. 
Operator: Well take our next question from James Mitchell with Goldman Sachs.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much for taking a couple of questions. You noted that weaker domestic demand has been impacting the U.S. and U.K. marketplace businesses a little. Could you talk about whether that weakness should hypothetically affect PayPal's third-party business, or whether the secular growth of PayPal's third party is so strong that its impossible to tell? And then secondly, you also noted that media and apparel drove U.S. GMV growth and youve commented extensively on the media up-tick. When you look at the apparel strength, do you attribute that primarily to buyer behavior or is it because the recent initiatives, such as free gallery inclusion are disproportionately benefiting a power relative to other categories?
Robert H. Swan: Ill take the first one on PayPal. What we get out of PayPal and the merchant services business in particular is a broader look into how e-commerce is growing overall. It just gives us a much broader lens because as John indicated, were a significant player on the top online retailers and as we watch merchant services growth, we -- its a tale of two cities. One is we are still in relatively hyper growth mode of 61% global growth of TPV, stronger outside the U.S. than here in the U.S. But we do see a gradual deceleration partly because we are dealing with large numbers.  In deciphering between what is share of checkout gain versus new account gain versus overall relative economy is an art, not a science at this stage. But I would say its one of the data, one of the variables, one of the inputs where it gives us a broader lens into an overall e-commerce landscape that the experts have suggested has gone from a 19% growth rate in the fourth quarter down to about a 13% to 14% market rate of growth here in the first quarter. And thats a data point that we use in looking forward. 
John J. Donahoe: And thats in the U.S. 
Robert H. Swan: Yes, sorry, U.S. market growth rate. 
John J. Donahoe: And James, on your second question, apparel in many ways represents the best of the changes we are making because we are seeing the whole ecosystem effect. So we saw increased supply with the rebalancing of the pricing and frankly we saw increased supply of quality inventory, an upgrade in the quality of the apparel inventory.  Free gallery in the U.S. made it a better buying experience, a more visual buying experience, and I dont know if you tried the snapshot view on our site but we are creating -- finding experiences that are more visually oriented in the apparel category.  And then we think better buyer experience. Apparel sellers are offering better, more accurate descriptions of their items, better return policies, better shipping, and so we think buyers in the apparel category are noticing that this is happening and thats being measured by higher DSRs, the ratings they are giving our sellers.  So we are encouraged. Again, its early days but these are the kinds of fundamental changes we want to be making across all of our categories and we think they will add up to a better buyer experience and better growth. 
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Just in terms of the first question and a clarification -- Im a little new to this game but hypothetically, all else equal, I would have thought that a marketplace business such as yours would be a little less cyclically exposed than the payments business. And do you think that that is correct but its being offset by the fact that PayPal is just at an earlier stage of growth than the eBay marketplaces, or do you think that that may be incorrect?
John J. Donahoe: I think what wed say is that we like being in a marketplaces business at this particular time in the cycle, because as I said earlier we think the marketplace has some unique characteristics, being a global trading platform for cross-border trade and also being a place where we have great deals and assets to cash in seven days.  In the payments business, obviously we are more exposed to global economic conditions but PayPal's rapid global growth and increased ubiquity and share of checkout is driving a lot of growth there, so its hard to separate the impact on the economy when you have a merchant services business growing at 60%.  So we are keeping a close eye on it but we are, as I said earlier our priorities for 2008 remain the same under both economic -- under all economic conditions. 
Mark Rowen : Next question, please. 
Operator: Well take our next question from Doug Anmuth with Lehman Brothers.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers : Thank you for taking my questions. First one is could you provide an update on the timing and the progress of the new initiative around the split screen between auction and fixed price, when that could potentially roll out? And then secondly, could you talk about the drivers behind the lower transaction loss rate at PayPal? Thank you. 
John J. Donahoe: Doug, let me take your first one and all the product people at eBay are going to laugh at this one because its a little dangerous when the CEO starts taking out a product mock-up and talking about it. Because that happened to be my favorite product mock-up.  So heres the reality -- what our customers value most is value and selection and the format they buy in is of secondary importance to them. And so our focus and priority is to bring the unique inventory we have in auction format and in fixed price format and bring it to buyers and bring the best values to buyers in a more effective way.  We are testing a variety of product manifestations of that, including that split screen that I was showing during the investor show, which by the way still happens to be one of my favorites. The good news is I wont make the decision of which product approach gets used, our users will. And as we are testing these different formats, and frankly different formats in different categories, we will roll out the ones that buyers respond best to.  And by the pre-holiday season, I think you are going to see in different categories different user experiences that bring both the fixed price and the auction listings to bear in a way that buyers can make choices, and again Ill end where I started, which is what our buyers tell us repeatedly is they care most about getting a good value on eBay and they care secondarily whether its in an auction or a fixed price format.
Robert H. Swan: On the second question in terms of PayPal fraud losses, I would say the team has made great traction in driving down fraud losses quarter over quarter for about six quarters in a row now and theyve done it not just by driving down fraud losses but also enabling us to extend and expand our protection programs for both buyers and sellers, so its been great performance.  And the way they do it is their secret sauce of their fraud detection model that gets more sophisticated the more data they have. The more data and the more transactions, the more insights they have to determine who the good buyers and sellers are and who arent. So the team has really made tremendous progress and we believe that with the recent acquisition of our friends at Fraud Sciences over in Israel that their technology and our scaleable platform will enable us to continue to make pretty good progress. 
Mark Rowen : Next question, please. 
Operator: Well go next to Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I just want to dive in a little bit more to best match. Our data would indicate conversion rates have been coming down for quite a while. Since you went public I think they are down and I am sure you can quantify that if you feel like it, but as you think about conversion rates, weve seen modest up-tick in Yahoo!s revenue per search and it just seems like being able to find things much easier, you are going to see much higher conversion rates.  We know that listings are up quite a bit but do you measure it on items per user and do you think you can really increase that long-term? And then the second question is just on books, music, and video. Its up -- the growth rate has reaccelerated. What one thing would you attribute that to and can you apply that to other categories?
John J. Donahoe: Thanks, Justin. Let me take your latter answer or latter question first and then get the former. On books, music and video, on media, we think frankly the category based pricing made a big impact, and so the fact that we lowered fees and rebalanced pricing there in a category specific way had an increase in listings combined with better finding and the other changes, buyer changes weve made has resulted in higher successful items and higher GMV growth. So as I said earlier, we envision doing more category based pricing as the year goes on.  With respect to best match, the conversion rates should go up over time. I mean, as I said earlier, we are layering, iterating best match in I think a very thoughtful and disciplined way. So one of the first things weve done is highlight sellers that have the highest DSRs and making sure they are getting more visibility and exposure.  The next thing we will be layering in is taking advantage of the historical data we have on key search terms and improving the relevance of search results that come back.  The third thing that well be layering in is in fixed price format. Not having [inaudible] play the fundamental sort role but to allow the lowest price, highest quality seller fixed price items to be higher up in search results.  And so I think the evidence is in the recent weeks, weve had an increase in listings, sold items have gone up, conversion rate has declined slightly but we feel like its held up pretty well and we feel optimistic that the changes we will continue to make during the year will result in both improving conversion but more importantly improving growth in GMV. 
Mark Rowen : Operator, we have time for one last question. 
Operator: That final question will come from David Joseph with Morgan Stanley.
David Joseph - Morgan Stanley: Just I guess two quick questions -- first on PayPal, when your Q comes out, should we expect the contribution margin to have improved for PayPal? Also on Skype, when you pull out a bump a little bit from other revenue, it looks like transaction revenue in Skype decelerated pretty significantly to about 55% year over year versus 79% in the fourth quarter. I just want to get an understanding of what happened there.  And then also just last -- sorry, I know that in terms of all the product changes that you are expecting the rest of the year, can you pretty much -- you know, you mentioned a lot of things there. Can you prioritize them for us? What do you think are going to be the most impactful product launches throughout the rest of the year on the marketplaces? Thank you. 
Robert H. Swan: Ill start with the first. I think the question was PayPal transaction margins and yeah, we as I indicated a bit earlier, David, we began to accelerate the margins in PayPal in the fourth quarter of last year, where we began to see some of the benefits from the investments weve made over the last couple of years. So Q3 -- Q4 accelerated year-on-year and Q1, we saw a pretty good acceleration versus the same quarter last year.  So with overall take rates staying relatively flat, transaction expense going up marginally, fraud losses coming down, we see pretty good margin expansion on PayPal. The second -- on Skype transaction revenues, yeah, you know, we actually feel pretty good about the Skype growth rates both quarter on quarter and year on year, of transaction revenues. So I -- 
David Joseph - Morgan Stanley: It seemed like the usage increased pretty dramatically but at the same time the revenue decelerated, so I was just wondering if you were doing something on the monetization there. 
Robert H. Swan: I think a couple of things that we talked about last call, one of the things that we are trying to do in Skype this year is weve got this massively growing user base and we want to -- the key ingredient for them is to engage the user base, so weve looked at a couple of the quarters across the globe to figure out how we can modify the equivalent take rate, if you will. Weve tweaked the take rate in a few instances but thats not having a dramatic impact on a year-over-year basis. 
David Joseph - Morgan Stanley: And John, just lastly on the product changes and just really two things that weve noticed, one is you seem to be spending. You are increasing your spend, which is a good thing. You are looking to improve the user experience. We are all focused on demand and well see if that comes to play.  But if you could prioritize the product changes, and also just really give us an understanding, April seems to be starting off strong for you, based on the data that weve been looking at. Can you give us a feeling of what data -- what April is looking at versus even March? Thanks. 
John J. Donahoe: Well, Bobs absolutely shaking his head saying I cant say anything about April, but let me just talk about the changes we have between now and the rest of the year. You know, David, I think one of the things weve learned over the last really 12 to 14 months is that weve got to manage this ecosystem. And so we are talking about changes to trust, that is making it safer; changes to finding, which is making it easier; and changes to selection, right? So the rebalancing, the best match, the category based pricing, the safer payments. And we think its the interactive effect of those things thats resulting in a better buyer experience and a healthier marketplace.  And so we are going to continue pushing hard on all three dimensions and we will -- we are confident of the direction, were confident of our -- of the outlook. There may be some changes that will have some negative short-term impacts as we -- you know, Bob mentioned Australian safe payments, that as we go to all electronic payments and theres cash and checks and things that come off the site, we may have some sellers that make some noise and/or pull some things, but we are absolutely confident in the direction we are going that we are going to improve the buyer and overall user experience on eBay and that that is going to lead to a healthier, more vibrant marketplace. 
David Joseph - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Mark Rowen : Thank you, everyone, for joining us. 
Operator: This does conclude todays conference Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Meg Whitman - President and Chief Executive Officer  John Donahoe - future CEO Bob Swan - Chief Financial Officer Mark Rowen - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts:  Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus Imran Khan - JP Morgan Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers Heath Terry - Credit Suisse Brian Pitz - Banc Of America Securities Robert Peck - Bear Stearns Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein Mary Meeker - Morgan Stanley Dave Joseph  Morgan Stanley Ben Schachter - UBS Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel 
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to eBays fourth quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. With us today from the company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; the future CEO, Mr. John Donahoe; the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan; and the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Mark Rowen. And now, at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Rowen. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Rowen: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBays earning release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2007. Joining me today on the call are Meg Whitman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; John Donahoe, our future CEO; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.  Were providing a slide presentation to accompany Bobs commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relation section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our companys performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that may involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the companys ability to grow its businesses, user base, and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; regulatory tax, as well as IP and other litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry and risks specific to Skypes technology and to the VOIP industry; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable costs while adding new features and maintaining site stability; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; changes in political, business and economic conditions and the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions. You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them.  Now, let me turn the call over to Meg.
Meg Whitman: Thanks, Mark. Welcome everyone to todays conference call. In conjunction with announcing our quarterly and annual financial results, we also made another big announcement today. On March 31, 2008 I will step down as eBays President and CEO. Our current Head of eBay Marketplaces, John Donahoe, will succeed me in my role and will join the board. Rajiv Dutta, our current President of PayPal and former CFO for many years, will replace John as the President of Marketplaces and will also take a seat on our Board of Directors. I too will remain on eBays board. Ive always believed that planning for succession and ensuring a seamless transition whenever I decided to leave my post was part of my role as President and CEO of this company. Im very confident that we have successfully executed this with the new appointments of John and Rajiv.  I was given a remarkable opportunity when Pierre Omidyar, eBays founder, eBay founder, asked me to join eBay in January of 1998 and I couldnt be more in awe of what our employees and our community of users have achieved together. Working at eBay has exceeded all of my expectations and it is with great pride and a strong sense of accomplishment that I turn over the leadership of the company. Many of you know and I have repeatedly said that ten years was about the right amount of time for any CEO to stay at the helm of a company. Now that I have reached that milestone, Ive decided that its time for eBay to have new leadership, a new perspective and a new vision. Ive known John for many years and have believed for a long time that he would be the ideal person to succeed me at the right time. We have worked really closely over the last three years to get to this point and Im enormously confident in Johns ability to steer eBay. He is a fantastic leader who connects with and inspires our employees and both his inside and outside eBay work experiences will serve our users around the world very well. Now let me talk about some of the highlights for the fourth quarter and the full year. I will then turn it over to John who will talk about what you can expect to see from the company in the future. Bob will then give you more context on the quarterly and annual results as well as our outlook for 2008. Driven by another successful online holiday shopping season for eBay and PayPal, in Q4 we generated record net revenue of $2.2 billion, a 27% increase over last year. The company also generated operating income of $755 million, a 31% year-over-year increase and EPS for the quarter was $0.45, representing a 45% increase over last year. We are very pleased by these very strong financial results. Let me quickly give you a few operating highlights for each of our three business units for the quarter, starting with Marketplaces. Revenue for our Marketplaces business unit was $1.5 billion, up 21% from the fourth quarter of 2006. Based on unique visits, eBay was again the number one ecommerce site in the US, Germany and the UK according to Nielsen NetRatings. Nearly 80 million shoppers came to eBay to make their holiday purchases.  In the quarter, eBay around the world drove more than $16 billion of GMV and saw record volumes of traffic, number of listings and velocity of trade. We are clearly the online leader when it comes to delivering value and selection to millions of online shoppers. Our PayPal business delivered another excellent quarter. PayPal now represents nearly 8% of all global online transactions and is the ecommerce leader in payments. For the first time since PayPal was acquired by eBay in 2002, PayPal has delivered three consecutive quarters of accelerating revenue growth. Our remarkable merchant services business continues to grow rapidly, attracting thousands of new customers and merchants each and every week. On the communications side, Skype had a strong quarter, delivering a total of $115 million in revenue up 76% year over year. We also reached a total of 276 million Skype users, while SkypeOut minutes also increased to 1.6 billion. Among the successes for the quarter, the Skype phone launched with Skypes partner Three continues to sell briskly in the UK, Italy and Australia. Our recent deal with MySpace has already helped bring millions of new users to Skype. The fourth quarter capped off a strong 2007. For the full year, the company delivered revenues of $7.7 billion which represents 29% growth. We also delivered more than $2.5 billion in non-GAAP operating income and closed out the year with $5 billion in cash and investments even as we repurchased $1.5 billion worth of eBay shares. EPS grew 46% while operating margins remained at 33%. It was clearly a record year for us financially.  But it was also an important year for us strategically. In our eBay business we made substantial progress on meeting the growing expectations of buyers and sellers. In fact, we took a look at every aspect of the site from trust and safety to user flow to see where we could do better. We also tested various pricing strategies to learn what might work best for our sellers. But with all these efforts, we know we have a lot more work to do, particularly in our three biggest markets. John will talk in more detail about what we intend to do in 2008 to accelerate growth on eBay. Another strategic thrust for us during the year was to focus on growing some of our newer businesses. Our classifieds business, for example, continues to profitable and is growing rapidly. We are now the number one or number two C2C classifieds site in over 450 cities and in 20 countries. Our Dutch and English classified sites are on fire. Also worth noting is the steadily increasing popularity of our classifieds brand Kijiji here in the United States. This site has now more than 3 million monthly unique visitors and we are seeing very strong levels of user activity on the site. StubHub, our online tickets marketplace, ended a very successful 2007 on a high note having exited the year selling more than 5.5 million tickets to more 36,000 events. Last but not least, our advertising partnerships with Yahoo! and Google continue to deliver revenue that has exceeded our expectations. 2007 was the year PayPal was firmly established as the preeminent leader in online payments, both on eBay and off eBay. PayPal delivered a total of $1.9 billion in revenue this year and continues to impress with its strong growth rate, innovative product launches and expanding presence across the web. In short, PayPal is a gem of a business and we couldnt be more pleased by its performance and trajectory in 2007. As for Skype, while we were disappointed in the writedown we announced in October, its important to remember that Skype is an extremely successful four-year-old. Skype ended 2007 with $382 million in revenue and 276 million users, up significantly from 2006. SkypeOut minutes reached 5.6 billion, up 38% from last year, another indicator of the strength of the Skype business. During the last two months of the year the new leadership team at Skype has done a fantastic job. Skype is exiting 2007 much stronger than it was even this summer, and the team is excited about the year ahead. Im extremely proud of eBays performance in 2007, but more than that Im very confident about our future. eBay has always been at the forefront of innovation. By listening to our users we pioneered almost every aspect of ecommerce and by continuing to listen to our users, Im certain that eBays new management team will take eBay and our community to places we never dreamed we could go. With that let me turn it over to John, eBays next President and CEO.
John Donahoe: Thank you, Meg. Before I spend time talking to you about our future plans I want to take a minute to acknowledge Meg. What Meg has built is truly remarkable and deserves a bit of pause and reflection. When Meg joined eBay ten years ago, eBay was a small online auction site with only 30 employees and revenues of just $4 million. In September 1998, just six months after she joined eBay, she took the company public, resulting in a valuation of about $2 billion. Here we stand today a decade later and eBay is worth approximately $39 billion, employs 15,000 talented people and has an unrivaled portfolio of brands that generated $7.7 billion in revenue in 2007. Along the way, Meg has built outstanding relationships with our users, our investors, our employees and our partners. But I know that Meg is most proud of the fact that 1.3 million people use eBay to earn all or some of their livelihoods. This company has had an enormous social impact, a very positive impact that many people cherish. What Im inheriting from Meg is a well-managed and well-positioned organization whose best days are ahead of it. I couldnt be more excited about the opportunity to lead eBay and Im grateful that Meg will remain on our board and has agreed to provide advice whenever I need it. Let me tell you why I think eBays best days are ahead. Most importantly, we have three tremendous businesses. eBay, of course, is the number one commerce platform in the world. eBays users traded nearly $60 billion of gross merchandise volume in 2007 and listed 637 million items in Q4 alone. While eBay is not growing as rapidly as I would like the brand, the traffic, and the work we did in 2007 positions us well and gives us strong advantages as we move into 2008. Then theres PayPal. PayPal is a fabulous business. Its growing fast and has the kind of accelerating momentum we love to see. The opportunities for PayPal are unlimited. Finally theres Skype. When you reach 276 million users in just four years and achieve $382 million in revenue, you have a strong business. Skype is still a young company on a great trajectory thats revolutionizing communications on the net. With these three great assets in place, eBay has a leg up on the future and our future is going to be all about delighting our customers and mining new areas of growth. Here is what you can expect. First, were going to get very aggressive about making eBay easier and safer to use. The net has evolved dramatically in recent years. Buyers have become accustomed to streamlined purchasing experiences that put a premium on speed, convenience and reliability. While weve made strides in these areas, I am clear that we need to do much more. Weve taken a close hard look at the entire eBay buying and selling experience and were going to make breaks from the path where necessary to deliver the experience our users tell us they want. Watch for us to make some exciting announcements about feedback, new user protection programs, customer support and pricing over the next week. Second, I believe eBays next wave of growth is going to come from weaving the strengths of auctions with our fixed price in a uniquely eBay way. Auctions attract enormous value, selection and fun to eBay but for many sellers and buyers and for many products, auctions are just not the optimal format. So what we need to do is marry the value selection fun created by auctions with the convenience and opportunity inherent in fixed price. Only eBay can do this successfully and we believe this ability is a true competitive advantage. The potential here is already evident. Our global fixed price business already accounts for more than 40% of our GMV, a clear indication that our users are embracing this format. In fact, the growth of our fixed price business is out-stripping the growth of e-commerce so were confident that evolving to a balance of auctions and fixed price for eBays millions of buyers will accelerate growth in our business.  We understand in order to capture this opportunity we need to aggressively change our product, our customer approach and our business model. Bob will talk in a minute about how we have architected our 2008 budget to give ourselves the freedom we need to act and win in our ongoing quest to revolutionize ecommerce. Third, PayPal is an incredible important part or our go-forward strategy. With 57 million active users, PayPal is the leader in online payments and we intent to extend that lead even further. We have more opportunities to make paying with PayPal on eBay easier and faster and the growth prospects for our early stage off-eBay merchants services businesses is stellar. I believe 2008 will be PayPals best year yet. This company has a fantastic portfolio businesses, a team of motivated employees and a passionate following of users. These are the building blocks for our future. My commitment is to build from these strengths and make the changes that are necessary in todays competitive environment. Im confident that we can accelerate eBays leadership position in the years to come and thats why I truly believe that eBays best days lay ahead. Now, I will turn it over to Bob for a closer look at the numbers.
Bob Swan: Thanks, John. First let me both acknowledge and thank Meg for her accomplishments over the last ten years and the opportunity to work with her over the last 20 months or so. Secondly, I congratulate John on his new role. I would also like to reiterate Johns comment that eBays best days are ahead of us. As the competitive landscape intensifies and consumer expectations for online shopping experience increase, we have the leading position in ecommerce, online payments and online communications. By listening to our community of users, we will take the necessary actions to expand our leadership positions. Now, let me turn to the business at hand. First Ill review our Q4 and full year 07 financial performance in some detail and then Ill give you some color around our 2008 guidance. During my discussion Ill reference our earnings via a presentation which accompanies the webcast. Overall were extremely pleased with our Q4 results. We generated strong top line growth, even stronger non-GAAP earnings growth and excellent free cash flow. Additionally, we purchased more then $300 million worth of eBay shares during the quarter. These results cap off a great finish to a very strong year for our company. In total, our combined businesses generated record net revenues of $2.2 billion, a 27% increase over last year. This was a milestone quarter for us as we achieved $2 billion in quarterly revenue for the first time ever. Organic revenue growth, excluding acquisitions and foreign exchange, was 18%. Growth was turbo-charged by PayPal and its merchant services business and by some of our non GMV businesses such as Shopping.com, advertising and classifieds where we continue to gain traction. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.45, a 45% increase from last year and $0.04 above the high end of our guidance range. The EPS growth was primarily driven by strong operational performance across most of our businesses. In addition, we also benefited from a weaker US dollar, a lower tax rate and a reduced share count when compared to last year. Operating margins came in at 34.6% in the quarter; 120 basis points higher than last year. We generated $665 million of free cash flow in the quarter an increase of 26% above last years level, primarily driven by earnings expansion. Now lets take a closer look at our segment results for the quarter. Overall, our Marketplaces business segment achieved net revenues of $1.5 billion, an increase of 21% over a year ago. Global GMV was $16.2 billion in the quarter, a 12% increase.  Now, lets walk through some of the key operating metrics. eBay has 83 million active users at the end of December, up 7% over last year excluding China and Taiwan. New listings of 637 million in the quarter representing growth of 4% versus Q4 06 and marking the first time in three quarters that listings have increased on a year-over-year basis.  US GMV was $7.3 billion in the quarter, an increase of 8% year over year. International GMV grew by 16% year over year to $8.9 billion, accounting for 55% of global GMV. Excluding benefits from foreign exchange, international GMV grew by 8% and international listings growth was up 10%, again excluding China and Taiwan. In Europe, revenues in Germany and the UK grew in the mid-teens while France continues to grow at stronger rates, helped by successful category-specific pricing promos during the quarter. Were also seeing positive early results from our best match relevant search in France which rolled out mid-quarter in certain categories. In Asia, GMV in Korea grew 33% year over year in the quarter, excluding vehicles where we no longer capture GMV due to a format shift. Were pleased about our performance in Korea where we believe weve significantly narrowed the gap with our main competitor over the last three or four quarters and have gained significant share in the overall Korean ecommerce market in the process. Elsewhere in Asia we continue to experience robust growth in Australia and our cross-border trade out of Asia is becoming increasingly important for us as a company as well-priced merchandise from China and Hong Kong finds its way onto our US and European sites. In Q4, as in previous quarters, we continued to see a wide gap between year-over-year growth in listings and growth in Marketplaces revenue. The 8 point gap between listings at 4% and GMV growth at 12% is primarily explained by three factors: First, we no longer include listings from China and Taiwan;  Second, our acquisition of StubHub in Q1 07; and  Third, benefits from foreign exchange. The 9-point gap between GMV and revenue is primarily driven by continued strength in our non-GMV businesses such as Shopping.com, classifieds and advertising, and the inclusion of StubHub which has a higher than average take rate. We continued to make great progress in diversifying our revenue streams in 2007, and we expect continued progress in 2008 and beyond. Both our advertising and classifieds businesses were in hyper growth mode this quarter, growing at 182% and 104% respectively. Shopping.com, our online comparison shopping business, continue on its strong growth trajectory with 26% growth over the prior year. In summary, our Marketplaces business posted a solid quarter with excellent financial results. However, the key operating metrics and resulting GMV growth in our Big Three eBay markets are still not where we want them to be so as John said, well need to accelerate the pace of change in 2008.  During 2008 well focus on retaining the strength and our leadership position in ecommerce by taking bold steps to meet the expectations of our community in the areas of product innovation, trust and safety, end-to-end customer experience and pricing. Weve made significant strides in 07 and well double down on our efforts as we head into 08. Were making a number of changes in 08 but one area which I know you have a lot of questions on is pricing. We spent a significant amount of time and effort over the past couple of quarters studying our fee structure in relation to the elasticity of supply and demand on our sites. Weve learned a great deal from the pricing tests we ran in the back half of 2007 and well announce specific changes to our seller community in the coming weeks. In essence, we believe that sellers will be willing to list more high quality inventory on eBay if we were to change the risk/reward ratio in their favor; namely by reducing upfront listing fees and increasing final value fees. We also believe that listings with gallery photos improve the buyer experience and increase the conversion of browsers to buyers. As a result, in the US well make it more attractive for sellers to incorporate the gallery feature with their listings. All in all, we believe that these upcoming pricing changes will help deliver to sellers the best economics on the web, and thereby help stimulate velocity of trade on our largest marketplaces as buyers find the widest product selection at great low prices. As I said, we anticipate the pricing changes we plan to announce next week will shift some of the conversion rate risk from sellers to us and it is also likely to reduce our take rate modestly in 2008. However, we believe the modest take rate reduction will more than pay for itself over time as we stimulate long-term growth on our marketplaces. Now lets turn to our payments business. PayPal posted another stellar quarter with total revenue coming in at $563 million, a 35% increase versus the same period last year. The strong growth rate is a reflection of the tremendous progress were making in our efforts to achieve ubiquity for PayPal on the web through increased penetration on eBay and an expanded global footprint beyond eBay. Net total payment volume in the quarter was $14 billion, an increase of 35% year over year, making a third straight quarter of accelerating growth. PPV grew by 30% in the US and 43% internationally. PayPal accounted for 12% of US and 8% of global ecommerce in the quarter. In terms of key operating metrics, PayPal had over 57 million active accounts in the quarter on a 12-month trailing basis, an increase of 16% over the same period last year. On the eBay platform, PayPals global net PPV grew by 17% year over year. PPV growth is fueled by increases in GMV coupled with an increase in the global penetration rate on eBay to 54% of addressable GMV, up from 51.6% last year. Beyond the eBay platform, PayPals Global Merchant Services business reported another phenomenal quarter, generating $6.1 billion of TPV, a 66% year-over-year growth and also marking our third straight quarter of acceleration. We continue to attract top online retailers to our platform and consumers increasingly turn to PayPal as a preferred way to pay on the web.  PayPals Q4 transaction expense was 118 basis points and its transactions loss rate was 27 basis points this quarter as its segment margins improve sequentially. In summary, PayPal notched another great quarter and our Global Payments business continues to be one of the key pillars of our companywide growth strategy. Now lets turn to our communications business. Skype posted total revenue of $150 million in the quarter an increase thats 76% over last year while delivering a fourth consecutive quarter of segment profitability. Skypes total register users grew to an impressive 276 million, representing an increase of 61% over last year.  On key user metrics, Skype-to-Skype minutes where up 26% versus last year at 11.9 billion and SkypeOut minutes increase 10% versus last year at 1.6 billion. Now let me touch briefly on ink level operating expense and cash position before I discuss our 2008 guidance. We recorded $755 million of non-GAAP operating income up 31% on a year-over-year basis and non-GAAP net income of $611 million, up 42%. Sales and marketing improved 260 basis points from the year-ago period, product development was up 40 basis points and G&A was down 150 basis points.  We ended the fourth quarter with more than $5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and investments, an increase of approximately $600 million from the end of last quarter and we utilized $312 million to repurchase approximately 9.2 million eBay shares. We have repurchased $3.2 billion worth of eBay shares since we launched our first repurchase program 18 months ago and today we announced that our board of directors authorized an additional $2 billion of shares repurchases. Coupled with the outstanding balance on our previous authorization, this gives us the flexibility to opportunistically purchase approximately $2.8 billion worth of eBay shares over time. The fourth quarter results capped off a strong year. Net revenues were up 29%, non-GAAP EPS was up 46% and free cash flow was up 26% over the prior year. Organic revenue growth, excluding acquisitions and FX was up 21%. Our operating margin was up 30 basis points from the prior year, attributable to continued productivity and leverage as well as foreign exchange benefits which more than offset the impact of negative mix and investments we made in product development and marketing. With that, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for full year 2008 and for the first quarter. For full year 2008 we expect to generate revenue of $8.5 billion to $8.75 billion, non-GAAP EPS of $1.63 to $1.67 and generate free cash flow of $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion. The expected revenue represents year-over-year growth in the range of 11% to 14%. Our guidance reflects some of the momentum we carry from 2007 and some of the challenges we face in 2008. First, we expect continued momentum in our PayPal, advertising and classifieds businesses. Each of these businesses grew rapidly in 2007 and while we feel great about the progress, we expect the growth will come off these 07 levels. Second, our GMV-based business in our three largest markets will be challenged and John discussed a series of bold actions we would take. As part of these moves, we plan to implement pricing actions which moderately reduce our take rate and customer loyalty programs which are reported as contra revenue. These factors will contribute to growth slowing a bit. Third, ecommerce is expected to decelerate in 2008 and weve taken a cautious outlook for consumers spending in our major markets.  Finally, our guidance excludes any significant impact from M&A activity in the year.  We expect our operating margins for full year 2008 to be approximately 32%, around 1 point lower than 2007, while productivity and leverage will offset our increased investment and the impact or pricing actions, they will not be able to offset business mix working against us as our lower margin businesses, PayPal and Skype, grow significantly faster than Marketplaces. Non-GAAP EPS growth is expected to be in the range of 7% to 9%. Excluding the one-time tax benefit in the third quarter of 2007, non-GAAP EPS growth is expected to be in the range of 9% to 12%. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.27 to $1.31 with the difference primarily being stock-based compensation expense and amortization of intangibles. We anticipate well generate $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion of free cash flow in 2008. Our strong cash position at the end of last year, coupled with strong expected cash flow generation, will give us the flexibility to pursue the strategic acquisition and continue with opportunistic share repurchases. In the first quarter, we expect to generate revenue of $2 billion to $2.05 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $0.37 to $0.39. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.28 to $0.30. In summary, were pleased with our Q4 and full year 2007 performance and we will carry that momentum into 2008. As John said, were clear about the challenges we have in front of us, were clear on what needs to be done in order to accelerate future growth in our eBay business and I believe we have the best people in place and focus on our most difficult challenges. Our focus will be on executing our strategy to extend our leadership position in ecommerce and in addition well continue our efforts to diversify our revenue streams. We believe the financial architecture of the plan will allow us to invest in and make necessary changes to our business while still delivering top line, bottom line and free cash flow growth to our shareholders.  Now wed be happy to answer your questions. Operator?  
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: First could you talk a little bit about eBay Express? Some of the recent search integration of Express on core eBay and how you may be able to segment the marketplace between core eBay and Express over time? Separately on the coming pricing adjustments, if you exclude gallery initiatives, can you talk a little bit about whether the focus on shifting risks from listings to success is going to be exclusively on fixed price listings or whether you plan to shift risk toward the back end in auctions as well? Thank you.
Meg Whitman: So you want me to take eBay Express and maybe you take the pricing, John?
John Donahoe:
 : Sure.
Meg Whitman: So eBay Express, interestingly enough, had quite a successful year in the US and I think what it demonstrates is that a seamless, very convenient, fixed price shopping experience is good for our buyers and they like it.  What were going to do in 2008 and beyond is actually more deeply integrate our fixed price offering into what we call the river of traffic, the 80 million eBay users that come to the site so that they have a chance to see those listings. So eBay Express was the right strategy not showing it to all 80 million users is something that we need to fix in 2008 and I think youre going to see John and the team really roll out a more integrated fixed price auction offering that uniquely displays those two formats in a uniquely eBay way.  Do you want to talk about pricing?
John Donahoe:   Just to add to that the way Id say it is eBay Express has been a fantastic learning laboratory and were going to take those learnings and pull them into core eBays fixed price experience.  On the pricing, Scott, the rebalancing of pricing will apply to both fixed price and auctions. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan - JP Morgan.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Meg, best wishes in your new venture, and John congratulations on your new role. It seems to us that some of your competitors are doing some of that to reduce the consumer friction, buying friction by introducing prime shipping or free shipping or one click shipping.  In your business model how do you think you can improve the user or buyers experience or reduce friction? I think John you talked about some of the initiatives and gave some color.  Bob, you talked about that in terms of your guidance you have been conservative and taken into consideration consumer spending slowdown. If I look at the last three years you have exceeded your high end guidance by an average of 5 percentage points. Can you give us some color on what kind of conservatism you are baking in in terms of consumer spending slowdown? Thank you.
John Donahoe: Why dont I take to your first question, Imran? With respect to reducing friction and shipping, obviously we run a marketplace and so we dont control shipping; our sellers do. Now the good news is we have millions of sellers that provide reasonable, fast shipping. What we intend to do in 2008 is alter our policies such that we will incent and reward those sellers that provide the best shipping, cost and speed.  The reason we can do that is the change we made in 2007 around feedback with detailed seller ratings, created user-generated feedback for the sellers on shipping timing and shipping cost. We now have a database, if you will, to be able to use that information in search and in other areas so that those sellers that provide reasonable fast shipping will show up higher in search results and be rewarded and provide a better buyer experience.  We tried to address this in a very eBay way.
Bob Swan: Imran on the top line guidance for 2008, our guidance is about 11% to 14% top line growth. As it relates to the economy, as our business becomes more and more diversified, we believe we are increasingly sensitive to economic conditions. When we put our guidance together the words I would use is we were cautious in terms of looking at whats happening particularly here in the US and developing what we thought was the best case plan based on what we know today.  I hope that 12 months from now that we will outperform our guidance again. That being said, we thing the current guidance best reflects all the information we have as we know it today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: What gives you confidence that the new find technology is strong enough to handle the likely increase in listings youll likely see with the lower listing fees? I think Bob alluded to customer loyalty programs going forward. If you could potentially elaborate on that? Thank you.
John Donahoe:   Sure, Ill take the first and then Bob will take the second. On the find technology, as I said earlier, weve learned a lot around relevance-based search from our work in eBay Express, from our work in Korea. Weve actually rolled out Best Match, which is really our version of relevance-based search in France. So we feel confident that we are going to be able to handle both the increase in fixed price listings as well the ability to serve them to buyers in a way that brings the best value and highest service right to the top.  Its interesting, Rajiv is going to be taking over the Marketplaces business and hes already talking about the race to the top of the highest value, best service, fixed price listings for our buyers. We learned from our experiences in 2006 that you cant get one side of the equation right without the other. I think weve got the ingredients in place so that in 2007 we feel like we can make subsequent progress in improving the fixed price experience.  And do that alongside of the auctions experience. We still have this fantastic auction experience where the core search will continue to be so we feel like its the best of both, which is uniquely eBay.
Bob Swan:   In terms of the question on customer loyalty, we have this massive user base and our focus is on getting our existing users to be more active and more frequent in their shopping. We believe one of the best ways to do that is with a loyalty program to reward and motivate our top buyers and were going to be rolling that out during the course of 2008.  The implications in terms of how we account for that, particularly as it relates to couponing it will be a contra revenue that all else equal would lower the top line growth.
John Donahoe:   Bob, let me just build on that because I think our plans around customer loyalty go beyond just the couponing, thats the one thats going to hit the revenue figures. Our top buyers believe they are deeply loyal to eBay, they want to do more business with eBay and we need to make it easier for them to do that. That is where you see some changes to our feedback system. Thats where we are providing better customer support for our top buyers, thats where PayPal can come in and provide them complete guarantees.  So we have a number of things in store that I think really take advantage of cementing our relationship with our most loyal buyers.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Are you able to quantify that at all, the customer loyalty in terms of how thats factored into your current guidance?
John Donahoe:   All I can say is its factored into our current guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heath Terry - Credit Suisse.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Youve talked about what you learned in the form of relevance-based search in France as you introduced Best Match; you have also introduced Best Match in a few categories here. Can you talk about the early metrics on what youre seeing for the categories where Best Match has been applied and if youve done testing beyond that where you can give us an idea of what kind of early results youre seeing. I would certainly appreciate that.
John Donahoe:
 : Let me just say upfront that the relevance-based search and Best Match is not going to be a silver bullet. This is not something that were going to sort of turn on overnight into this gigantic eBay ecosystem and it will be a silver bullet. We have rolled out relevance-based search in Korea in a fixed price market and seen a real acceleration of growth in that particular market.  In France, we are seeing Best Match increase the ability of buyers to find what they would like, either in the auction format or in the fixed price format, and weve seen an increase in successful items in GMV. So we are encouraged by the results.  As we roll this out in 2008 were going to both be aggressive but also balanced and thoughtful about how we do it because we are conscious that we have the worlds largest e-commerce platform with $60 billion of gross merchandise volume going through it and search is a core functionality.  So were learning aggressively, were going to be more aggressive in 08 than we have in 07, we are encouraged by the early results and we think, as Bob said, by the end of the year that were going to be in a much stronger position to bring both a great auction experience with a great fixed priced experience to our millions of buyers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Pitz - Banc Of America Securities.
Brian Pitz - Banc Of America Securities: With respect to listing fee reductions, can you talk about the potential for a total elimination of listing fees or specifically in certain categories, especially given competing sites that are out there that do not charge listing fees upfront? Can you talk about the acceleration of advertising during the quarter? Any color on specific initiatives here? That would be quite helpful to us. John, congratulations and good luck on your move.
John Donahoe:   Thank you, Brian. I will take the listings fees and you can talk about advertising. Brian, I will remind you that on listing fees, the pricing that we announced early in the year will, as Bob said, shift the balance but there will still be insertion fees because we think that in our core format insertion fees is still important to motivate sellers to price items well.  I will remind you that we have a store inventories format which is a way where sellers can list items at a significantly lower price. The insertion fees today in the stores item format in the US $0.05 per month. We have a format that allows sellers to upload large numbers of listings and do that in a way that has lower upfront fees and higher final values fees.  I think as we evolve and go through the year, you will see us build on this learning and begin to bring these products together in a way that we balance finding, insertion fees and the right format.
Bob Swan:   Brian on the second question on the advertising and the other related performance in the quarter, it has been a continuation of what was demonstrated throughout the course of the year where essentially our advertising business has doubled year over year each quarter and has demonstrated continued momentum throughout the course of the year.  Its primarily driven by the relationships with Yahoo! for both text-based and graphical ads here in the US and Google internationally with text-based. So, this is one that you will remember a year ago we were talking about testing; a year later really good performance on advertising. We expect that to be a source of revenue growth as we go through the course of this year as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Peck - Bear Stearns.
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: The changes in the fee structure, have you said that is going to be site-wide or is it going to be category-specific? I was wondering if you could also maybe quantify for us a little bit more on what youre seeing as far as the impact to conversion rates, ASPs, and listings?
John Donahoe: Well be announcing the fee structures for US, Germany and UK next week and so theyll be site-wide changes. In some countries therell be some category dimensions to it and others it will be less so. What weve tried to do is take the testing we did last year in Germany, UK and US and while therell be some similar principles across all three we tried to customize the actual pricing to what we learned in each country and to how users, both buyers and sellers, responded.
Bob Swan:   The second component of your question, I would characterize what we saw in the aggregate across all of our different pricing tests around the globe essentially was a modest increase in listings. The fourth quarter you saw for the first time in four quarters a growth in listings and part of that was attributed to the pricing tests weve done.  Secondly, modest improvement in conversion rates as well. So as John referred to improvements in successful listings for successful items, it was a function of both: modest listings growth and modest improvement in conversion as well.
John Donahoe: And then ASPs, because what were trying to do in the pricing is also incent listings at the lower price levels as well as higher price levels. We saw ASPs come down a little bit but GMV, while up, came down a little bit less. So part of our goal here is to build real marketplace with vibrancy at all price levels, and we think our tests show that we have the ability to do that.
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: John, how do you assure it is quality listings? I think one of the concerns is that as the listing fee comes down, you get flooded with a bunch of stuff that maybe consumers dont want to see. How do you control that you actually get increased quality on the site?
John Donahoe:   I think thats a very good question. Thats why were keeping the insertion fee in the first part of the year and as we implement more finding changes, inventory thats not well priced will never get exposure. So just in the fixed price format, inventory thats not well priced will get less and less exposure.  Auctions, obviously, are guaranteed exposure because time ending soonest and that by definition allows the best values to rise to the top in the fixed-price format. What we didnt do in 06 but what we will do in 08 is ensure the motivation through Best Match where only the best priced items with the highest service levels rise to the top of exposure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein.
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein: The step down in revenue growth from 29% down to 13% growth is starting to look less like a growth play for the company overall and more like a value play. Could you comment on, is the company likely to accelerate plans discussed in earlier quarters to restructure the balance sheet and take on debt and become more of a value play, basically using the debt to buy back stock?  Is eBay considering any new initiatives to stimulate growth of its third-party business? Thank you.
Bob Swan: First, just a point of clarification on growth rates. 2007 29% growth rate on an FX organic basis, which I think is the appropriate compare, was 21% in 2007. So, the differential growth rate maybe not as wide as you suggested.  Secondly, we end 2007 with a great balance sheet; $4.3 billion in cash, essentially zero debt and over the last several quarters we bought back a significant number of shares and have taken steps to ensure that despite the fact that our strong cash position isnt all in the right places to ensure that we have the flexibility to continue the buyback program.  Today, we announced an increase in the overall buyback program by another couple billion dollars so our intentions continue to be opportunistic. As it relates to further moves in balance sheet or levering up, we have a great cash position, we will use it to invest and grow the business and well also use it to opportunistically buy back stock.
John Donahoe:   Jeffrey, on your second question I want to make sure I understand. When you say stimulate our third-party business could you be more specific in what youre referring to.
Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein: Yes, really the people who basically are store sellers. Could you comment on where picking up the migration basically of some business to Amazons third parties sales and could you comment on that and what steps you might take to stimulate that business in the year?
John Donahoe:   Yes, our Stores business is experiencing strong growth and our sellers like that format. Particularly to lift, as we talked earlier, those items that have very low insertion fee and longer duration. What we have begun to do in Q4 and we will also do in 2008 is where its appropriate increase the exposure of the store inventory. So for instance, if you do a search for -- I grew up in Chicago so I was a big fan of Ernie Banks in the 60s, --so for an Ernie Banks baseball card and our core format only had 10 items, yet we have 30 of them in the stores format, we will show the stores format in core search.  We are increasing the exposure of our stores inventory in those places that make sense, and well continue to do so in 2008 and were coming down that learning curve on I think finding the right search approach so that we can give the best to both, both core and stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mary Meeker - Morgan Stanley.
Mary Meeker - Morgan Stanley: Dave and I have a couple questions, and John the question is not who is Ernie Banks.  Meg, thanks for building such a great business its been really inspiring to watch. A question for you is why change now?  Question for Bob, obviously revenue growth forecasts for 08 are below consensus but the operating margin percentage is the same as we think people were forecasting. You talked about productivity improvements, how should we think about that? What are they?  John, you talked about the growth opportunities for PayPal, Skype advertising, StubHub, etcetera, and the key issue for 08 will be determining the eBay core growth rates. You talked about the pricing changes, but is it your expectation that we could potentially get to double-digit listing growth which would be a nice acceleration from where we are today, which could obviously bode well for financial results in the second half of this year and into next year? Thanks.
Meg Whitman: Thanks, Mary. It has been an incredible journey for me and Ive been honored to be able to lead eBay and serve our community for ten years. But as Ive said almost since I came to eBay that I thought ten years was about the right amount of time for a CEO to serve in this industry. With the remarkable underlying technology change, competitive change, I think its important that a new perspective and new eyes come to the company.  I think its tough to stay fresh after ten years no matter who you are. So Ive been thinking about this for sometime. Three years ago I brought John into the company and weve worked very closely over the last three years. Hes done a great job leading the biggest part of our business and bringing a new process and a new thought process to eBay and I thought John was ready, the board thought John was ready and I felt like it was the right time to turn over the reins.  and I think as you can see, were in very good hands.
Bob Swan:   Mary, in terms of operating margin our guidance reflects roughly 32% operating margin which is down about a point from last year. The way our plan is built is we will generate significant productivity and leverage. However, our intentions are to reinvest that back into our customers. Whether its through pricing actions, whether its through improved loyalty in buying experience, its generating productivity and reinvest back into our customers.  Where our margins will go down in 2008 is primarily a function of mix. PayPal will continue to give us strong growth, Skype will exhibit strong growth, both faster than the marketplaces. As a result, margins purely from mix will decline on a year-over-year basis.  In terms of where the productivity will come from a few things, things that youve seen during the course of 2007. G&A leverage; well continue to get good momentum on G&A leverage. Well be more and more efficient with our sourcing buy. Investments in technology to improve our risk models and bring down fraud losses are three of the key components that will drive efficiencies during the course of the year.
John Donahoe:   Mary to your third question, we couldnt agree more that the core eBay business and re-accelerating growth in core eBay business is critical. It is my number one priority. Its the companys number one priority. Thats why Rajiv and Lorrie Norrington, were putting our all-star team on it.  With respect to listings growth, listings growth will be one indication. Im not sure its going to be the best indication because over time we envision the fixed price format, that multi-item listings may be more prevalent. So were going to be focusing on sold items because sold items show the real velocity of trade on the site. Were confident were going to make progress in 2008 and we intend to be in a stronger position coming out of the year than we are going in.
Dave Joseph  Morgan Stanley:  Obviously we love the changes that youre making to the site and improving the product and leveraging technology to govern quality, but one overriding issue continues to be demand. It looks like active users decelerated again about 2% year over year in the fourth quarter despite actually having launched a new marketing campaign in mid-September.  I am wondering if you could give us a little bit of color on how the marketing campaign went but also that seems like a fairly big issue for 2008 and how you might be able to address that. We know coupons is one, but what else might you be able to do?
John Donahoe:   Ill remind you that in the fourth quarter we had 80 million online shoppers come to our site, so the scale of our traffic is still significant and I believe excluding 83 million and excluding Taiwan and China was up 7%. What we are really focusing on, this is why we are focusing on the buyer experience because continuing to improve our buyer experiences is going to allow us to retain our current users more effectively and we have some strong and loyal users and to attract new users. People who maybe new to eBay, are more familiar with more standard ecommerce formats and have trouble getting started on our site. We think we can improve the ease and safety of shopping on eBay and that is going to allow those new users to convert to ongoing users. With respect to our marketing dollars, we are going to continue to allocate our marketing dollars between online marketing, which is our biggest investment, investing more in more loyalty oriented and then we will do some offline in 4Q08.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Schachter - UBS.
Ben Schachter - UBS: Given the amount of changes that the site is going to be going through in Q1 and probably throughout the year, why not give yourself a wider range in terms of the guidance? What gives you confidence that you can accurately predict how these changes are looking to impact the site? Maybe answer that in context of how well you predicted the big changes that happened in Q4? Thanks.
Bob Swan:   In terms of the guidance we gave, we have tried to take into account the momentum we have seen in some of our non GMV businesses. In our GMV business we have tried to take into account the actions that we are going to take both -- the actions we took in the fourth quarter, the lessons we learned from them and how we incorporated them in our 2008 plan. So we are trying to take the best of what we know and what we have learned and give you a range of guidance that we feel we can deliver on in the course of 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch : I will go over to PayPal because there hasnt been a lot of questions about that. When you look at the mix, clearly merchant services is growing faster. Can you compare the difference between the funding expense as well as the take rates between merchant services and on eBay?  Obviously PayPal is a big asset for the company. Can you give us any thoughts on where your margins are today and where you think they can be over time in that business just to help us get an understanding of what this part of your business can be worth long term?
Bob Swan:   PayPal, a great quarter and great year with merchant services growing even faster than the core business. In terms of funding mix or funding expense, not dramatically different between eBay versus non-eBay; its more a function of products which we offer and we see some distinctions in terms of product mix.  What we know is over time, time is a key metric, the more PayPal is offered by a merchant and used by a consumer the better the funding mix gets over time.  In terms of -- the second portion of your question?
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch : The pay grade difference?
Bob Swan:   Yes, we indicated a couple years ago that we believe the long-term margins for PayPal are in the 20% to 25% range and during the course of 07, weve made substantial investments to accelerate the growth of PayPal and in particular merchant services and weve seen, as I indicated earlier, weve seen some pretty good improvement in sequential margin growth from Q3 to Q4 and we expect that to continue during the course of 2008.
Operator: Our final question comes from Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel : On the conversion rates and ASPs in Q4 the lift was a lot smaller than the last three quarters, I think it was 0.4%. It sounds like John you made some comment about improving the robustness of the lower ASP items. I was just wondering if you could maybe finer slice the conversion rate versus the ASP impact in the quarter there? The second question was just also on PayPal, you guys did a fair amount of promotional activity in the fourth quarter. I was just wondering if you could be more specific as to whether you felt that enabled you to gain share and how that is likely to be positioning yourself going forward? Thanks.
John Donahoe:
 : On the first question, the primary difference in the fourth quarter on conversion rate and ASP was really comps. Last year in the fourth quarter we had a fantastic improvement on conversion rate and ASPs, particularly driven by the hot consumer electronics in fourth quarter of last year. So this years fourth quarter was just a much tougher comp, so we feel pretty good in light of that that even though listings went up, conversion rate still held and marginally improved.  In terms of PayPal generally, again 66% growth in merchant services during the fourth quarter as we continue to invest both in merchant adoption and consumer adoption and we believe that bodes well as we go into 2008. As I indicated, PayPal will be a big part of the growth story in 2008 and we will continue to expand not just PayPal on eBay and off eBay with Merchant Services but also leverage that huge user base to add new products and features like PayPal Later that we just introduced several months ago.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel : Just one quick follow up on the conversion rate comment, if you comped over some of the low-hanging fruit where do you see additional growth expansion on the conversion rate?
Bob Swan:
 : Well go back a few years and say conversion rates several years ago used to be much higher than they are today and we believe as we make the appropriate steps on the user experience and the actions John talked about in terms of engaging our buyers more effectively that we still have more head room to improve conversion rates as we go forward.
Meg Whitman: Thank you very much for listening today and Im delighted to turn over the leadership to John. Thanks for coming today.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Rowen - IR Meg Whitman  President, CEO  Bob Swan - CFO 
Analysts:  Shawn Milne - Oppenheimer  Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus  Jeffrey Lindsay - SanfordBernstein  Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs  David Joseph - Morgan Stanley  Ben Schachter - UBS  Mark Mahaney - Citigroup  Heath Terry - Credit Suisse  Victor Anthony - Bear Stearns 
Operator: Welcome to eBay's third quarter 2007 earnings resultsconference call. Today's call is being recorded. With us today from the companyis the President and Chief Executive Officer Meg Whitman; Chief FinancialOfficer Bob Swan; and the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Mark Rowen. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. MarkRowen. Please go ahead, sir.
 Mark Rowen: Thank you, operator and good afternoon. Thank you forjoining us. Welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the thirdquarter of 2007. Joining me today on the call are Meg Whitman, our Presidentand Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.  We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob'scommentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on theInternet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investorrelations section of eBay's website. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during thecourse of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures intalking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation ofthose measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slidepresentation accompanying the conference call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statementsregarding matters that involve risks and uncertainty, including those relatingto the company's ability to grow its business, user base and user activity. Ouractual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for avariety of reasons, including our increasing need to grow revenues fromexisting users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environmentfor our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broadrange of businesses; regulatory, tax, as well as IP and other litigation risks,including risks specific to PayPal in the financial industry and risks specificto Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry; our need to upgrade ourtechnology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth atreasonable cost, while adding new features and maintaining site stability;foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and the impact and integration of recentand future acquisitions.  You can find more information about factors that couldaffect our results in our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reportson Form 10-Q, available at investor.eBay.com. You should not unduly rely on anyforward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them. With that, let me turn the call over to Meg.
 Meg Whitman:  Thank you, Mark.Welcome, everyone to today's conference call. Q3 was a strong one for thecompany. We delivered record net revenues of $1.89 billion, representing a 30%year-over-year growth rate. Non-GAAP earnings per share was up 59% and freecash flow grew 32%, even as we continued to invest in some of our mostimportant businesses.  eBay International, PayPal Merchant Services, StubHub, Classifieds,and our advertising businesses all performed above our expectations during thequarter. We feel good about our strategy headed into Q4, and the investments weare making in our various businesses. Let me give you some highlights for eachof our business areas: Marketplaces, Payments and Communications. Our Marketplaces business unit delivered record net revenuesof nearly $1.32 billion this quarter, with a powerful combination of both GMVbusinesses, like eBay and StubHub, and non-GMV businesses, like Kijiji andShopping.com. This portfolio continues to enhance our overall top line andbottom line growth. The PayPal business continues to deliver incredibly wellacross the globe, marked by an increase in total payment volume up 34% to $12.2billion. Revenue grew to $470 million, and we couldn't be more pleased by thetrajectory of this business. I will spend some time in a moment talking about Skype andthe announcements we made at the beginning of this month; but to give you somecontext upfront, this is still a rapidly growing business. Skype added 26million users in the quarter, bringing the total to 246 million, while revenuealso grew by 96% year over year. In addition to achieving profitability aheadof schedule during the first quarter of this year, Skype also turned in higher thanexpected non-GAAP operating profit this quarter. Now I will give you a bit more detail on the quarterlyresults for each of the three business units. Beginning with Marketplaces,let's take a look at our GMV-driven businesses, starting with eBay in the U.S.and in Germany.As you will recall from the last few quarterly calls, we talked about our plansto reaccelerate GMV growth on these sites, so I thought I would spend some timegiving you an update on our current progress against this multi-quarter plan;what we've learned from the initial findings, and what we have planned for Q4. Overall the core business in the U.S.and Germany isa bit healthier, as evidenced by higher conversion rates, an increase insuccessful listings, and moderately higher ASPs versus a year ago. With the barfor customers' expectations higher than it has ever been, we accelerated thepace of product changes on eBay.com and eBay.de to better meet -- and hopefullyexceed -- these expectations. During the quarter, we made substantial enhancements to thebuyer experience, particularly around finding. One part of the new experienceis Best Match, which uses more intelligent search and discovery technology to servemore relevant items to shoppers. We've already seen conversion rates are upamong the buyers who have been exposed to Best Match. We also introducedSnapshot View, which gives buyers a better way to visually browse through theitems that they have found on eBay. The launch of the new home pages in the U.S.and Germanyoffer buyers and sellers a simpler, and more personalized front door to eBay.Both the U.S.and German home pages were redesigned to have a much more modern look andsimplified usability. Innovative features like My eBay at a Glance and RecentlyViewed gives users a snapshot of the most relevant information about theirtrading activity right on the home page. Early results suggest the new homepage is helping our customers get to items of interest much more quickly. In the U.S.,we launched a new bid history page, which gives users more information aboutbidding activity and also gives buyers the ability to bid directly from thepage. The German team launched a fun feature that allows sellers to uploadvideos of their items they are selling, and they also developed a micro sitethat shows hot eBay trends and real-time statistics on the items with the mostbids. Finally, in both markets we launched a very simple sellingflow designed for new sellers. This is a one-page listing flow designed to makeit faster and easier for new sellers to list their items. We've been presentingthis as an alternative option for sellers, and early results suggest that usersare having good success listing their items more quickly. In addition to the product changes we made this quarter,we're also focused on improving the breadth and quality of inventory through avariety of pricing promotions. The intention was to give immediate feereductions to our sellers and encourage them to adopt features that areparticularly beneficial to our buyer community, like the gallery feature. Ourgoal has always been to provide the best economics on the web for sellers, andsome of the learnings we've had around these pilot concepts will help informfuture pricing decisions. Over the last few quarters we've talked about our ongoingcommitment to trust and safety on eBay. Through our focus on reducing phishingscams and increasing the rapid identification of bad sellers, we madesignificant progress on our efforts to keep the site clean. Effectiveenforcement of our seller nonperformance policy and high adoption rates of ourenhanced feedback system ensures that our members are both receiving andproviding the very best buying experience on the web. With our product changes happening at a rapid pace, coupledwith our aggressive stance on trust and safety, we continue to make progress onenhancing the shopping experience for American and GermanyeBayers; but there's still a lot more work to do. It's too early to declarevictory, but we are confident that the strategic direction is on track. Looking beyond our two largest markets, eBay continues toperform well around the world, particularly in the UK,France and Australiawhere GMV accelerated this quarter. We are also very pleased by the strongperformance of Italyand Belgium,and the recent business performance in Koreacontinues to prove that the product and pricing changes we've made there arepaying off in a meaningful way. Lastly, StubHub remains the world's largest ticketmarketplace and a great acquisition for eBay. StubHub announced earlier inOctober that it would soon make its 10 millionth ticket sale in the company'shistory. To give you some perspective on how significant this really is, 10million tickets would sell out every game to be played in this year's MajorLeague Baseball playoffs; eight stadiums, four division series, two LeagueChampionships, and one World Series, nearly five times over. Let me spend a minute on the results from our Classifiedsbusiness. Our global multi-brand Classifieds portfolio continued its rapid growththis quarter, posting triple-digit operating and financial metrics in manymarkets. Monthly unique visitors to these sites are up nearly 200% year over year,and more than 135,000 new ads are being added each day. As we mentioned last quarter, we launched Kijiji in the U.S.to more than 200 cities at the end of June. After just three months, there aremore than 100,000 live ads available at any time. We continue to be veryexcited about our Classifieds business. While it's still relatively small, it isshowing extraordinary promise. As I said last quarter, we would make more changes to eBayin the next several months than we have made in the last several years. As youcan see, we are well on our way here. I know that our efforts will give ourusers a superior buying and selling experience, especially during the busy Q4holiday shopping season. Speaking of the fourth quarter, we have some excitingplans to support our holiday efforts around the world. In the U.S.,we will continue to invite our community to Shop Victoriously with ourinnovative marketing campaign during the holiday season. This campaign isgenerating excitement and activity among our community, as indicated by ourmost recent on-site promotions, which are on track to become the most activeever consumer promotions that we have run. In Germany,a well-integrated marketing campaign is also planned, anchored by the populartaglines "Look What I Have." The German marketing team has designed aprogram that will actively market eBay.de to buyers and sellers through TV,radio and print ads, as well as through outdoor marketing and onlinepromotions. In the area of pricing, we want to ensure our U.S. sellersour off to a great start for the holiday season, so we are announcing thatstarting tomorrow insertion fees will be reduced by at least 33% throughNovember 5th. This will apply to all listings on eBay.com and eBay Motors inboth the auction style and fixed-price formats, and could mean a savings of upto 50% for items listed under $1. You'll also see many of our markets aroundthe world launch similar tests this quarter.  Also in the fourth quarter you will see us continue toincrease our customer support efforts by adding more representatives in ourcustomer care centers and improving the technology they use to cater to our topbuyers and sellers worldwide. As we've done all year, we will continue to rampour trust and safety efforts ensuring our site is, as always, a greatdestination for this gift-buying season. Overall, our Marketplaces business continued to performwell, delivering strong revenue and making our vision of providing anyone withthe type of online commerce experience they want a reality, no matter wherethey live or what kind of format they want to buy and sell in. Now let me turn to payments. PayPal had an excellentquarter. October marks the fifth anniversary of the closing of the PayPalacquisition, and we continue to celebrate the great success of this business.As evidenced by the numbers this quarter, adoption of PayPal continues tosteadily increase all over the globe. Simply put, consumers continue to preferPayPal when shopping online. Recent consumer research found that PayPal was thesecond most popular way to pay online in the U.S.,right behind Visa. In the UK,PayPal was tied with Visa as the most popular way to pay online. Our Merchant Services business continues to grow rapidly aswe see widespread adoption of PayPal by merchants in the U.S.and abroad. We have recently added brand-name merchants like Hasbro, Footlockerand Blue Nile in the U.S., as well as Lindt Chocolates, the famous Swisschocolate maker; and Telethon, the largest charitable organization in France.In Australia,PayPal Merchant Services payment volume grew more than 145% year over year. I am particularly pleased to see that PayPal has gainedmomentum among the airline industry, adding four domestic airlines thisquarter, including Northwest Airlines, Southwest Airlines, Midwest Airlines andU.S. Airways. Just these four airlines alone represent $9.5 billion ofaddressable TPV for PayPal. In preparation for Q4, we're excited about the plans thatPayPal has for consumers doing the holiday season. We've created an integratedmarketing campaign designed to bring great value to consumers through exclusivepromotions and an assortment of special offers from PayPal merchants. We lookforward to welcoming additional merchants to the PayPal family in Q4, includingmore airline partners. Continuing the strong momentum for PayPal remains a strategicfocus for the company. Our goals are to increase PayPal ubiquity, sustain theexisting core growth, and enhance the user experience, allowing us to remainthe world's preferred online payment service. As for our communications business, I know most of you sawthe announcement we made at the beginning of the month regarding the departureof Skype's CEO Niklas Zennstrom, as well as the accelerated earn out paymentsand impairment charge. Clearly, we are disappointed in the impairment charge.However, we remain confident about this business in the longer term.  Since our acquisition of Skype two years ago, Skype hasadded more than 188 million users and enabled more than 60 billion minutes ofconversation globally. In the third quarter, Skype delivered revenues of $98million, representing a growth rate of 96%. With its world-class voice callingand video capabilities, it continues to distance itself from its manycompetitors. As a part of the announcement we made earlier this month, wealso said that we are in the process of looking for a new CEO. I'm pleased toreport that we are making progress here. The strength of the Skype brand hasgenerated tremendous interest, and we are delighted by the strong internal andexternal candidates we're considering. From this very qualified group, we hopeto make a selection very soon. Over the next several months, we will work to improve theway we engage and delight Skype users. For example, yesterday's announcementabout the MySpace/Skype partnership is the next phase in our plan to make Skypeavailable across multiple platforms. We also want to fully develop our nascentecommerce services, like Skype Prime and Skype Find.  Additionally, delivering the synergy with eBay and PayPalthat we had always envisioned will be a renewed priority. We are also lookingforward to the next generation of the SkypeClient, which has some fantasticfeatures and will debut next year. Skype is a great business with a lot of potential. With the earnout component no longer a factor, we will be better able to prioritize ourresources, refocus the team and strengthen execution to ensure that Skype userswill continue to enjoy and benefit from this fantastic technology. So overall, the third quarter of 2007 was a great start tothe second half of the year. We've made good progress against this year'sstrategic plan, highlighted by significant product changes and strong financialperformance from our portfolio of businesses. Before I close, let me say a word about 2008. As Bob stated atthis time last year, we won't be giving 2008 guidance until our Q4 earningscall in January. This is because it's extremely difficult to give you anaccurate forecast before the most important quarter of the year for us iscompleted. That said, as we head into 2008 we will continue to focus onaccelerating GMV growth in eBay's largest markets. Our learnings from 2007 havegiven us confidence to move faster and more aggressively on productenhancements, pricing changes, customer support and trust and safety investments,as well as customer loyalty programs. All of these changes are designed toimprove the end-to-end user experience for both buyers and sellers, and cantherefore change the trajectory of GMV growth. This strategy benefits PayPal significantly, as the growthof the core eBay business is also extremely important to PayPal's financialarchitecture. All of this will take investment and focus in 2008, but we areconvinced it is the right thing to do. It's important to note that theseinvestments will all go right to our users in the form of a better experience,better support, and better pricing strategies designed to maximize value forour sellers. We will also invest in our newer, faster-growing businesseslike Skype, PayPal Merchant Services, Classifieds and advertising. While thesebusinesses are currently lower-margin businesses for the most part -- with theexception, of course, of advertising -- they are still relatively new and holdgreat promise for revenue growth and operating margin expansion in the future.We also plan to significantly increase our focus on leveraging our coststructure and driving productivity. We've always been disciplined about ourcost structure, but in 2008 you will see a greater emphasis on both operatingsmarter and more efficiently. In closing, I continue to be extremely impressed with theachievements of our entrepreneurial community of global users, and our nownearly 15,000 employees around the world. We are on an exciting journey, and Ibelieve that we will continue to make history together. Now I will turn it over to Bob for a closer look at thenumbers.
Bob Swan: Thanks, Meg. Today I'll discuss our Q3 financialperformance, along with our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2007. During mydiscussion I will reference our earnings slide presentation, which accompaniesthe webcast. Overall, we're very pleased with the financial results we postedin Q3. Our results reflect strong top line growth, even stronger non-GAAPearnings growth, and excellent free cash flow. We continued our sharerepurchase program in the quarter, buying back $500 million of eBay shares inQ3, and $2.8 billion since we launched our initial repurchase program in Julyof last year.  Although we're disappointed with the impairment charge wetook in the quarter, we still believe that Skype has great potential.  With strong financial performance in each of the first threequarters of the year, we approach the remainder of the year focused on theexecution of our business plan and confident in our ability to deliver strongfull year revenue and earnings growth. In total, our combined businesses generated record netrevenues of $1.9 billion, a 30% increase over last year. Organic revenuegrowth, excluding acquisitions and FX was 23%. The growth was driven by anacceleration of Marketplaces international GMV-based revenues, anotherextremely strong performance from PayPal Merchant Services, almost triple-digitgrowth from Skype, and continued traction in some of our non-GMV businesses,such as advertising and classifieds. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.41 for the quarter, a 59% increase fromlast year and $0.08 above the top end of our guidance range. This was primarilydriven by operational out performance, which we mostly reinvested back into thebusiness, a lower tax rate, including $0.04 from a one-time tax asset, andtranslation benefits resulting from a weaker U.S. dollar.  In the third quarter, we generated $510 million of free cashflow, an increase of 32% above last year's level. This outstanding growth wasdriven primarily by earnings expansion, coupled with a year-over-year reductionin CapEx as a percentage of revenue. Now let's take a closer look at our segment results for thequarter. Overall, our Marketplaces business had a very good quarter, withstrong top-line growth and profitability. The Marketplaces segment achieved netrevenues of $1.3 billion, an increase of 26% over the year-ago period. GlobalGMV was $14.4 billion in the quarter, a 14% increase over last year.Approximately 51% of revenue and 53% of GMV came from our internationalmarkets. Now let's walk through some of our key operating metrics. eBayMarketplaces added nearly 7 million confirmed registered users in the quarter,bringing the total user base to 248 million. New listings totaled 556 millionin the quarter, a decline of 5% versus Q3 last year, with core listings down 3%and store inventory listings down 14%. New listings totaled 254 million in the U.S.and 301 million internationally. U.S. GMV grew by 10% over last year to $6.7 billion, asimilar increase to last quarter. Core listings increased modestly, while muchof the growth was fueled by increases in conversion rates and ASPs due tohigher quality inventory listings on our site. International GMV grew by 17% year over year to $7.7billion. Excluding benefits from foreign exchange, international GMV grew by10%; a 2 point acceleration sequentially on an FX-neutral basis, primarilydriven by strong a conversion rate and ASP improvements in our German business.France and Italy,which are at earlier stages of development, continue to be strong contributorsto our overall European performance. In Asia, we're pleased with theprogress we're making in Korea,as year over year revenue growth accelerated nicely in Q3 following lastquarter's acceleration of GMV growth. We are increasingly confident that theseresults demonstrate the initiatives we've introduced in Koreaover the past year or so are resonating with consumers in that market. In Australia, listings and GMV growth rates acceleratednicely and in China, our joint venture with Tom Online is off to a good start,as our new site went live in Q3 and listing levels are already higher than theywere prior to the joint venture. Let me give you some additional color on the wide gapbetween the 5% decline in new listings and our 26% growth in Marketplacesrevenue. The influences causing the diversions are twofold. First, GMV grewsignificantly faster than new listings. Second, revenue continues to grow muchfaster than GMV. The gap between listings and GMV growth is driven by severalfactors. First, we no longer include listings from our joint ventures in Chinaand Taiwan; this,plus our recent acquisition of StubHub accounted for approximately 5 points ofthe difference. Second, improved ASPs and conversion rates accounted forapproximately 10 points of the difference. Third, FX drove the remaining 4points of divergence to total GMV growth of 14%. The gap between our GMV and revenue growth is also driven byseveral factors. First, continued strength in our non-GMV businesses such asShopping.com, Rent.com, classifieds and advertising, contributed 4 points ofgrowth on a year-over-year basis. Classifieds continues to exhibit hyper-growthcharacteristics, and advertising continues to gain significant momentum on oursites. Overall, our advertising and other revenue within Marketplaces increased67% over last year, accounting for 4% of Marketplaces revenue in the quarter. Second, StubHub, which receives a higher take rate than oureBay Marketplaces, as well as our joint ventures in Chinaand Taiwanwhere we no longer recognize local GMV or revenue due to our minority interest,drove approximately 5 points of the differential. Finally, the revenue shift invehicles to non-GMV based formats such as classifieds and dealer subscriptions,as well as pricing actions we've taken in the last 12 months drove theremaining 3 points of growth. So in summary, our Marketplaces business performed well thisquarter. We continue to invest in significant enhancements to the buyerexperience, and we'll continue to conduct pricing tests on our various sites aswe go forward to better understand how we can optimize growth rates in ourmarketplace. Now let's turn to our payments business. PayPal postedanother strong quarter with total revenue coming in at $470 million, a 35%increase versus the same period last year. This quarter's performance onceagain underscores the progress we're making in our efforts to accelerate theubiquity of PayPal on the web by increasing penetration on eBay and expandingour global footprint beyond eBay. Total payment volume in the quarter was $12.2 billion,representing 34% year-over-year growth, the second quarter in a row of growthacceleration. TPV grew by 27% in the U.S.and 49% internationally. TPV growth continued to benefit from our ongoinggeographic footprint expansion, with international TPV accounting for 34% ofthe total, compared to 31% in 3Q'06, primarily driven by the tremendousstrength in Merchant Services. In terms of key operating metrics, PayPal added nearly 11million new accounts in the quarter, ending Q3 with 164 million total accounts.On our eBay platform, PayPal's global TPV grew by 18% year over year. TPVgrowth was fueled by increases in GMV, coupled with an increase in globalpenetration rates to 61% of addressable GMV, up from 58% last year. The on eBay platform, PayPal's Global Merchant Servicesbusiness recorded another phenomenal quarter, generating $5.4 billion of TPV,representing a 61% year-over-year growth and marking a second straight quarterof acceleration. We continue to attract top online retailers to our platform,and we're extremely excited about the traction we have gained. We also launchedPayPal PayLater in the quarter, a new transactional credit offering that webelieve could accelerate future volume. PayPal's Q3 transaction expense was 1.15%, 8 basis pointshigher than the year-ago period, and 3 basis points higher than last quarter,primarily due to growth in new PayPal customers, who initially tend to favorcredit card over bank and store balance transfers. PayPal recorded a transaction loss of 25 basis points thisquarter, a 10 basis point improvement from the year-ago quarter and 4 basispoints lower sequentially. However, 9 basis points of the loss rate improvementwas due to a change in estimates related to chargeback loss recoveries. In summary, PayPal had another great quarter and itcontinues to be one of the key drivers of our companywide growth. We continueto make significant investments in order to extend our leadership position inthe online payment space, and we believe the strong growth we've experienced inrecent quarters confirms that these investments are beginning to pay off. Now let's turn to our communications business. Skype enjoyedhealthy growth in the quarter, posting total revenue of $98 million, anincrease of 96% over the year-ago period, while delivering a third consecutivequarter of segment profitability, excluding the impairment charge, which I willdiscuss in a moment. Skype's total registered users grew to nearly 246 million,representing an increase of 81% over last year. Geographically, all three majorregions: Europe, North America,and particularly Asia, exhibited robust growth. We remain less pleased with user metrics, with Skype Skyminutes at 6.1 billion during the quarter, down 8% compared to last year, andSkype out minutes at 1.4 billion, an increase of 25% versus last year. As weannounced several weeks ago, we agreed to pay approximately $530 million tosettle all future obligations under our earn out agreement with certain Skypeshareholders.  In the third quarter, we took an impairment charge for the $530million earn out, plus an additional $900 million to writedown Skype goodwillon our books. Reflected in this writedown is the fact that Skype has yet toachieve some of the milestones we had hoped for at the time of acquisition.But, we still believe that this young and fast-growing company has greatpotential. We will continue to focus our efforts on engaging ourrapidly-growing Skype user base and expanding our product and feature set. Now let's take a look at how business unit performancetranslated into non-GAAP financial results. As I indicated earlier, eBaydelivered record net revenues of $1.89 billion, up 30% year-over-year.Acquisitions we made over the last four months contributed nearly 4 points toour top line growth, and FX contributed an additional 4 points. This top linegrowth, coupled with a lower share count from our share repurchase program andlower tax rates driven by our increasingly global footprint, including theonetime benefit I discussed earlier and a weaker U.S. dollar drove EPSexpansion from $0.26 to $0.41, a 59% increase versus Q3 '06. Operating margin came in at 31.4% in Q3, 70 basis pointsbelow last year's level. The decrease in operating margin was attributable to anegative mix shift as PayPal and Skype, our lower-margin businesses, grewfastest; as well as additional investments across all of our businesses,partially offset by operating leverage, productivity improvement and foreignexchange. Let's take a look our operating expenses in a bit moredetail. Sales and marketing expense was 24.5% of revenue in the third quarter,a 50 basis point improvement from the year-ago period, as we leveraged ourtechnology and benefited from a positive mix shift from faster-growing PayPaland Skype.  Product development expense was 7.6% of revenue, 60 basispoints higher than a year ago. The increase is primarily related to productenhancements at PayPal, as well as enhancements to the buyer experience inMarketplaces.  Lastly, G&A expense was 13.6% of revenue, down 110 basispoints year over year as we continue to leverage our existing G&Ainfrastructure. Collectively, these factors translated into $593 million ofnon-GAAP operating income, up 28% on a year-over-year basis; and non-GAAP netincome of $564 million, up 53% from last year. We ended the third quarter with nearly $4.4 billion in cash,cash equivalents and investments, an increase of $600 million from the end oflast quarter. We generated $620 million of operating cash flow in the quarter,while CapEx was 6.3% of revenue, resulting in $510 million of free cash flowgeneration.  Proceeds from stock option exercises, equity gains and otheritems added approximately $600 million, and we repurchased approximately $500million worth of eBay shares in the quarter.  Let me remind you that the $530 million payment related tothe Skype earn out took place in early Q4, so it didn't impact our cash flowstatement in the third quarter. With that, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance for Q4 andthe full year. Now that we have a strong third quarter behind us and somedecent momentum heading into the all-important holiday season, we're raisingour guidance for 2007. We're increasing our revenue guidance to a range of $7.6billion to $7.65 billion, an increase of approximately $250 million from ourprevious guidance, partially due to good execution in the third quarter, andpartially due to FX benefits. We're increasing our non-GAAP EPS to a range of $1.47 to$1.49, $0.12 higher than our previous guidance at the midpoint. Our increase inEPS guidance includes $0.03 of Q3 operational out performance, of which we reinvested$0.02 back into the business; $0.05 from a more favorable than previouslyexpected full-year tax rate; $0.04 from a one-time tax benefit in the thirdquarter; and a $0.02 benefit in the back half of the year from foreignexchange. We continue to expect full year '07 operating margins ofapproximately 33%, and we are raising our free cash flow forecast to $2.05billion on full year CapEx in the range of 6.5% to 7.5% of revenue. Our revisedguidance assumes a full-year non-GAAP tax rate of 21% to 21.5%. Specifically for Q4, we expect net revenues in the range of $2.1billion to $2.15 billion, representing a year-over-year increase of 22% to 25%.This expected deceleration from recent quarters is primarily a function of moredifficult year-over-year comparisons. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be in the rangeof $0.39 to $0.41, equating to a year-over-year growth rate of 30% at themidpoint. Fourth quarter guidance assumes a U.S.to dollar euro exchange rate of $1.38. As Meg mentioned earlier, we won't provide earnings guidancefor 2008 until next January. However, I want to give you a glimpse into howthings are shaping up in our view. On the positive side, we're building somedecent momentum as we exit 2007 and head into 2008. We believe we're starting tosee some benefits from the investments in our core business.  In addition, the rapid growth trajectory we've experiencedin PayPal and Skype will likely continue. We believe our newer formats, such asClassifieds and StubHub, as well as newer methods of monetizing our trafficsuch as advertising will continue to gain momentum next year. Finally, webelieve we'll continue to benefit from economies of scale and productivityimprovements. We'll also face some operating margin headwinds entering2008 as the competitive environment continues to intensify and our investmentsin growth opportunities accelerate. First, while the Marketplaces business willhave a very strong 2007, we need to accelerate the pace of change. Our effortsaround products, trust and safety and pricing are helping, but we'll need to domore, do it better and do it faster in 2008 in order to accelerate GMV in our largest markets. Thiswill require investment. Secondly, the rapid growth of PayPal and Skype, our lower marginbusinesses, will continue to put pressure on operating margin as the mix of ourbusiness continues to evolve and diversify. Third, PayPal Merchant Services and PayPal PayLater havegreat opportunities ahead, and we'll likely accelerate investment there inorder to build ubiquity and adoption. Finally, we believe we may have monetized Skype a little tooearly and a little too much these past few quarters, and we'll be likely toreinvest some of those profits to stimulate user activity in 2008. In summary, we believe our Q3 results mark another quarterof strong performance, and we're focused on execution as we approach the mostimportant shopping period of the year. Once we have the holiday season behindus, we'll know much more about our approach to 2008, and look forward toupdating you in January. Now we'd be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: Yourfirst question comes from Shawn Milne - Oppenheimer.
 Shawn Milne - Oppenheimer: Thank you, and thanks for taking my question. Meg, youtalked a little bit about the early success in Best Match. Can you talked aboutthe rollout plan? It looks like what we've seen so far has been more commodityor UPC-based categories, and if you can just give a little more color aroundwhat you're seeing in conversion rates, that would be very helpful. Thank you.
 Meg Whitman: Best Match, you're right. We have started in categories thathave good catalogs associated with them. Whether that's books, movies andmusic, consumer electronics, things that have basically ISDN numbers associatedwith them. Those tend to be more commodity-oriented items than unique itemslike collectibles or used products. What we've seen is that we can get people to the itemthey're looking for faster, make it easier for them to look at a smaller numberof listings as opposed to page after page of listings, and we are seeing somepositive early results in conversion rates. So we will continue to roll thatout across categories as we head into 2008. I don't believe there's going to be much more rollout in2007 because we pretty much put a moratorium on the site for the holidayseason. But we're encouraged, and you'll see the pace of change accelerate morerapidly in the first quarter of 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Devitt - StifelNicolaus.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. I'm trying to better understand the long-termmargin structure at PayPal, given that Merchant Services is now about 44% ofthe total payment volume. I'd be interested if you could provide some moredetails on Merchant Services specifically? What I'm interested in is possiblythe domestic/international split of the payment volume, possibly the operatingmargin structure of Merchant Services versus PayPal on eBay.  Then if you could just expand on your disclosures in thelast 10-Q related to direct contribution margins for PayPal. It seems likethat's gone from 26% last year to 18% from the last disclosed numbers. Again,just trying to understand the margin structure of that business as MerchantServices grows over time. Thank you.
Bob Swan: What we've seen over the last several quarters in theacceleration of PayPal growth is primarily driven by the traction we continueto get from Merchant Services, both here domestically and specifically,internationally. So Merchant Services is becoming a much bigger piece of theoverall PayPal business. We said a year or so ago the long-term operating margins forour PayPal business we believed would be in the 20% to 25% range. What that entailsis continued accelerated growth in Merchant Services and improving penetrationon eBay, over time. What we've experienced in the short term with rapid growthis our customers have a tendency to use credit cards in their initial earlyadoption of PayPal. The less we know about consumers, all else equal, thehigher the fraud losses. So in high growth periods -- which Merchant Servicesare in -- our transaction expense and our fraud losses have a tendency to behigher. That's what we've been experiencing over the course of the first couplequarters this year in the transaction margins on PayPal.  We believe over time, as customers mature in their uses ofPayPal, what they have done is adopted more ACH methods of payment thatenhances margins. As we learn more about them, our fraud models are moreeffective in detecting potential fraud.  So all that means is we feel great about PayPal's growth. Wefeel even better about the traction we're getting in Merchant Services. Long term,operating margins in PayPal we believe to be in the 20% to 25% range.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Lindsay - SanfordBernstein.
 Jeffrey Lindsay - Sanford Bernstein:  Can we get a littlebit more detail on the increase in product development costs? Specifically,what was the nature of the rise from 7% to 7.6%?  Secondly, possibly a related question. Do you have plans topossibly go to an open platform to improve R&D cost performance?
Bob Swan: I'll take the first part. In terms of product development,we've been talking about continuing to accelerate our product efforts, and Megwalked you through a lot in the introduction, particularly on the Marketplacesor eBay side during the course of the quarter. This has been a constant themefor us to put a little more into product, and a little bit less into marketingto improve the user experience. So the results of a lot of that investment wentvia the site in this quarter. In addition to that, PayPal, we've continued to invest inbuilding out its global product footprint and make its underlyinginfrastructure a little more agile to support its increasing growth. Thecombination of those two things are what's driving up the R&D expenses as apercent of total.
 Meg Whitman:  Interestingly, ourdevelopment capacity has actually expanded faster, because not all of thedevelopment capacity has been added here in the United States. So while 7% went to 7.6%, ourcapacity actually increased much more dramatically. I think we're really pleased by the way we'rehandling product development expansion across the company. With regard to open platforms, we have had, I would say,moderately open platforms on eBay for many years. We have had a robust suite ofAPIs. But there is more work to do around these open platforms. The thing thatobviously we always have to be focused on is on the PayPal side, we handlepeople's money. So our tolerance for risk, our tolerance for fraud, is lowerthan it is in almost any of our other businesses. The same is somewhat true for eBay in that we are a targetfor account takeovers and other things. But that said, we have watched what isgoing on in the marketplace with open platforms. We are committed to, over thenext couple of years, opening up our platforms more so that we can get otherpeople to do some of the R&D and some of the new, fun niche features thatwould be welcomed by our users.  So, thanks for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. Bob, on slide 8 of the slides you provided theconversion rate and ASP contribution of 10%. Meg, you talked about rolling out some ofthese new initiatives that are adding conversion rate. Do you think you canmaintain that year-over-year growth rate of 10%, or do you think it's in thelow single-digits? Where do you think it goes? The combination of really justimplementing some of the technology to drive conversion rates higher as opposedto just pricing mechanisms?  Meg, you're lowering fees through November 5th by about, Ithink you said, 33%. Obviously your revenue guidance is higher. So I waswondering how you're really funding that? Do you think you get incrementalvolume against the lower revenue per listing on the front end? Thanks.
Bob Swan:  I'll start, Anthony.I think a couple things; first, what we saw happen during the course of thethird quarter is continued improvements in conversion rate and ASPs virtuallyacross all of our markets. What we anticipate happening as we go forward intoQ4 is the year-over-year comps related to listings will become cleaner. Weexpect to see some listings growth as we enter Q4. We're expecting conversionrates to hold, and they're holding off some relatively tough comps from fourthquarter last year. We do however expect ASPs to decline. There's a couple ofdynamics that we think will drive that decline. One is the absence of, you mayremember last year's fourth quarter had some high ASP consumer electronicsproducts that really drove an increase in ASPs. We don't anticipate that kindof increase in ASPs this year. As a matter of fact, we anticipate them comingdown.  Secondly, we're driving more velocity in the lower tranches,and in the lower tranches with lower average selling prices. The combination ofthose two have conversion rates holding but ASPs likely declining in the fourthquarter.
 Meg Whitman: Anthony, let me take your question about lowering fees.We've done a lot of pricing tests over the last 12 months, but this is thesingle biggest pricing test we have ever run in terms of decreasing insertionfees for a sustained period of time. The truth is, we don't exactly know howthis will work. But we expect listings to increase; we except successful itemsto increase; we anticipate perhaps ASPs will go down, as Bob said. What theresult is on revenue, we don't know. We've taken our very best guess and we'vefactored that into our fourth quarter results.  So suffice it to say that if we hadn't done this pricingtest, revenues might have been higher. But we really do not know. Part of thistest is actually to get some real-world data on a pretty significant decreasein our insertion fees.  And we wanted to get a fast start to the holidays for oursellers. As I said, it is through November 5th. So this is the same pricereduction. I actually think this isgoing to turn out well for us, but we have factored that into our guidance. I would say we have been appropriatelyconservative in factoring that into our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Joseph - Morgan Stanley.
 David Joseph - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Mary and I have just one question. It seems thateBay is pretty well-positioned for the holiday season right now. You've seenthe quality of goods improve pretty dramatically on the site. You're improvingthe user experience. We certainly like the Snapshot, and we're looking forwardto the new checkout, though it doesn't sound like you're going to be gettingthat out before the holiday season.  But it seems that now really the focus is on the biddingactivity. You're getting maybe perhaps some inactive buyers back to theplatform and have a new and improved experience. To that end, I guess, all eyeswould be a little bit on the marketing campaigns that you launched inmid-September. You said that the initial results were somewhat positive. I am wonderingif you could provide a little bit more color on that? But also, give us alittle bit more of an idea of what other marketing you might be doing toattract or drive activation or activity?
 Meg Whitman: Sure. I think you're right. I think we have good plans forthe holiday season, not only in the U.S.but also in Germanyand the UK, aswell as most of the eBay countries around the world. Inactive buyers are certainlya part of that campaign. With regard to these integrated marketing campaigns, and Iwould say they're better integrated than they have ever been before , thefeedback that we've gotten from our community of users is very good. Ourcommunity of users likes these campaigns and that's important, because whenthey like the campaigns, they tend to be more involved with the site. Most ofthe marketing just started in mid-September, so it's a little early to tell.But if you look at the early results, I think, we feel pretty good about it. The marketing campaigns also have some new features; catalogsevery month, and also more couponing. Now that most of the listings on eBay.comoffer PayPal, we can actually effectively utilize couponing which is atraditional holiday season marketing tool that we've not really been able touse in the past.  So I think we are well-positioned. I think we've got a greatcampaign in place across our countries, and we'll see how it works out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Schachter - UBS.
 Ben Schachter - UBS:  Looking at thepercentage of revenue, or percentage of GMV that's coming in at fixed price,I'm wondering if there's an optimal number that you're looking at there? Withinthe context of how you look at the Store versus Core, and how there were somestructural disruptions. Is there any chance that you think the percentage ofGMV that's fixed price, can that get to a point where there will be structuralproblems with the business? 
 Meg Whitman:  Our objective is tofollow the user. This is a marketplace, and we want to do what the users wantto do; what the sellers want to sell, and what the buyers want to buy. But oneof the keys to fixed price is our finding product, or Best Match. Because whathappened to us last year is we added a whole host of fixed price listings, andthe search or find capability was not up to sorting through this vast number ofincreased and not particularly well-priced inventory. That created some of theuser experience issues that we had last year. So it's actually not about the format; it's about thefinding metaphor that has to keep up with fixed price. So I think we're betterpositioned than we've have been in that regard, and I think we're also verypleased with the Stores vibrancy. We still have well over a quarter of a millionstores in the U.S.and that continues to grow. Our ProStores product hit an all-time record lastweek in terms of the number of stores.  So the net-net-net is I think, you're going to see a higherpercentage of our GMV in fixed-price. I think it's the fastest-growing part ofthe market. We can now cope with it from the finding metaphor point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup.
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you very much. One question on Skype and one on Germany. OnSkype, you made comments about monetizing Skype too early. Were there specificthings that you're referring to there? What were the initiatives that weremonetized too quickly? Last quarter I think you had said that German GMV growthwas up mid single-digits. Is there a specific update to that, or was it roughlyup that same level again this quarter? Thank you.
 Meg Whitman:  With regard to Skype,when the earn-out incentives were in place, because two of the three metrics werefinancial metrics -- revenue and gross profit -- there was a lot of incentiveto monetize this user base really fast. Whether it was the call setup fee,whether it was the rates that we charged SkypeOut and SkypeIn, I think wedialed that up too fast given that the value proposition for Skype in the earlydays was, you can talk for free. So I understand why it was done. I think it was done tooearly with not as much focus on delighting the user, whether that wassimplicity of UI, whether that was customer support. You're going to see usback off some of that monetization a little bit to continue to delight theusers.
Bob Swan: In terms of Germanyprogress during the quarter, we saw GMV acceleration from Q2 to Q3 on anFX-neutral basis. As Meg indicated, we saw some decent growth in listings,conversion rates, and ASPs continued to improve during the course of thequarter. The combination of those three things resulted in acceleration of GMV. I would say that we also had relatively speaking, some easiercomps. Because you'll remember last year we talked quite a bit about the WorldCup. The comps on a year-over-year basis were a little bit easier this year. Butmodest listings growth, improved conversions and ASPs; that is acceleratingGMV.
 Meg Whitman:  One last point onSkype. I think the other thing is we over-monetized a bit, but I also think wedropped a bit too much profitability to the bottom line, because the teamwasn't focused on how we could actually utilize this, if you will, excessprofitability to drive user engagements. I think that was the nature of an early-stageteam that is going to end up needing to spend a bit more money on marketing anduser engagement.  So it may be that we over-monetized a bit. I think weprobably, better said, dropped a little bit too much money to the bottom linefor this stage growth of the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heath Terry - Credit Suisse.
 Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper on the decision tolower insertion fees. I am curious as to what's really motivating that. You'veseen such strong improvement in ASPs and conversion rates following the feeincreases. I'm wondering if you're beginning to feel like there's not enoughinventory on the site, or there's just not a broad enough representation ofproduct going into the holiday season that we've gotten to the point that weneed to encourage more listings?
 Meg Whitman: I think there are a couple of factors at work. One is wewant to make sure that we have great breadth of inventory --and high qualityinventory -- on the site for the holiday season so we wanted our sellers to getoff to a fast start. That's why we made the decision to lower prices for such asustained period of time. The other thing is we want to see what happens when we takea price decrease of this magnitude. What is the listings elasticity? What isthe conversion rate? What is the nature of what we do here? I think the learning over the last 12 months, letme speak for myself personally, is we have a number of different levers topull. We've got product levers, we've got marketing levers, we've got customersupport and trust and safety levers and we have a pricing lever that we havenot ever really decreased price. It is possible that by decreasing price, weactually increase the revenues and vibrancy of this market in such a way thatthis price decrease is more than self-liquidating. Now, I don't know that that's going to happen. But we werevery much in favor of saying let's see what happens when we take a prettysignificant sustained decrease in insertion fee in our largest market. Let'ssee what happens there. It may well be better for sellers, and interestingly there, better forbuyers. We may end up with a win-win. But we will see, and we will report backin the first quarter.
Operator: Your final question comes from Victor Anthony - BearStearns.
Victor Anthony - Bear Stearns: First on category pricing. I know you've been testing thatin the UK, oryou plan to do so, I think next week. Wonder if you could talk about what'sinfluencing that change? When do you plan to move that over to the U.S.? Second, one more question on the rationale for the insertionfees. I wondered how much of that decision was influenced by the competitivelandscape, and in particular Amazon? Thanks.
 Meg Whitman:  On category pricing,actually a number of countries around the world have done category-basedpricing. Germanyhad pricing scenarios on tech and consumer electronics. They have a toys-basedcategory pricing coming in for the holiday season. The UK,you mentioned, has had differential pricing on a number of categories. I thinkapparel was one.  I think that differentiated category pricing may be in ourfuture. As you think about it, our sellers have very different margins onwhether it's a watch, or whether it's a piece of apparel, or whether it's avery competitive consumer electronics; high price or low price. So again, we'relearning. One of the great things is we have laboratories around the world thatwe can test this strategy. So I suspect that category-based pricing may well bein our future. With regard to competitive dynamics, actually the cost ofselling, the total all-in cost of selling on eBay is extremely competitiveversus anyone, including Amazon. The mix of fees around the world can bedifferent, where there are virtually no insertion fees and much higher valuefees. So one of the things we are testing is what does a reduction in theinsertion fee do? How does that play out?  I wouldn't say it was necessarily competitively driven; itwas, let's take a look at the entire market dynamic. It's 12 years since welaunched this marketplace, and let's really take a big, bold experiment thatwe've never done before and see what happens to the overall vibrancy of themarket. I think that's it. Thank you very much, and we look forwardto talking to you next quarter.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Meg Whitman - President, CEO   Bob Swan - CFO   Mark Rowen- IR 
Analysts: Youssef Squali - Jefferies   Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray   Brian Pitz - Banc of America   Imran Khan - JPMorgan   Ben Schachter - UBS   Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers   Derek Brown - Cantor Fitzgerald   Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   Mark Mahaney - Citigroup 
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to eBay's second quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the company are the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; the Chief Financial Officer, Bob Swan; and Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations.  I would like to turn the call over to Mark Rowen for opening remarks and introductions. 
Mark Rowen: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2007. Joining me today on the call are Meg Whitman, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.  We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website.  Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.  In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainties, including those relating to the company's ability to grow its business, user base, and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including:  Our increasing need in established markets to grow revenues from existing users, as well as from new users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; regulatory, tax, as well as IP and other litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal in the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology in the VoIP industry; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure in order to accommodate growth at a reasonable cost, while adding new features and maintaining site stability; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions and other transactions.  You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our annual report on our Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, available at http://investor.eBay.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements, and we assume no obligation to update them.  Now, let me turn the call over to Meg. 
Meg Whitman: Thank you, Mark and welcome everyone to todays conference call. The second quarter of 2007 was a very good one for the company, highlighted by accelerating revenue growth, consistent operating margins and great earnings and free cash flow growth. The company delivered record net revenues of $1.83 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 30%. Earnings per share grew 40%, and free cash flow grew at 45%.  Let me give you some highlights for each of our business areas: marketplaces, payments and communications. Our marketplaces business unit, which is made up of eBay sites around the globe, our expanding classified portfolio, Shopping.com, Rent.com, and StubHub, delivered record net revenues of nearly $1.3 billion this quarter, representing a growth rate of 26%. As our portfolio of businesses continues to diversify, the revenue contribution from our non-GMV driven businesses is growing at a very rapid pace.  Our PayPal team saw total payment volume increase by 32% to $11.7 billion, up from $8.9 billion in the second quarter of last year. Revenue grew to $454 million, an increase of 34% versus a year ago. Merchant services in particular had another great quarter as we added thousands of merchants, delivered accelerating TPV growth and became increasingly ubiquitous across the web in both the U.S. and abroad.  Profitable for the second quarter in a row on a non-GAAP basis, revenue at Skype grew 103% versus the prior year. Skype also added 24 million new users and announced important partnerships with Wal-Mart, Toshiba and Salesforce.com, among others.  Now let me give you a little bit more context on the quarterly results for each of the three business units. Beginning with marketplaces, let's take a look at what we call our GMV-driven businesses first, starting with eBay.  Overall, global eBay sites are performing well. The core metrics we monitor to gauge the health of the marketplace are good, and we are pleased by what we're seeing with the underlying fundamentals around the world. This quarter in the U.S., year-over-year GMV growth was up by about 2 points. We saw increasing strength in non-vehicles GMV, with conversion rates remaining healthy and ASPs continuing to increase. Categories like jewelry, entertainment and electronics, driven primarily by iPhone sales towards the end of the quarter, demonstrated particular strength.  The growth rate in the U.S. is still quite good, and we're pleased with the double-digit year-over-year revenue growth in Germany. However, neither is where we think they can be. Therefore, a lot of time and attention is being spent on the reacceleration of GMV in the U.S. and Germany. The teams in these markets are extremely focused on strategic initiatives to revitalize the core auction business and retain and reengage users.  In preparation for a successful holiday shopping season, upcoming changes include redesigning the eBay home page, improving the finding experience, providing enhanced customer support for top buyers and top sellers, and launching community-focused features like eBay To Go in the U.S. and a revamped community section on eBay.de that contains social networking components.  eBay To Go is exactly the kind of product we think demonstrates the innovation we are putting against our goal of reengaging our users and making the auction experience fun. With more and more websites employing user-generated content, we saw an opportunity to make it easy for eBay members to grab interesting eBay content -- listings or otherwise -- and present it off eBay on sites like MySpace, Bebo or even their own blogs. We have all shared those Only-on-eBay listings with friends, and eBay To Go actively encourages that kind of sharing with the goal of bringing more traffic to eBay while underscoring what makes eBay so unique.  Other upcoming efforts include making paying with PayPal on eBay even easier and more intuitive. We are also experimenting with a variety of pricing levers to ensure that we are providing the best economics on the web for sellers. Actually, I think it's safe to say that there will be more changes taking place to the eBay.com and the eBay.de sites over the next several months than have taken place over the last several years. All of these changes will be supported by an aggressive marketing campaign, which is launching in both countries in September.  Reaccelerating GMV in the U.S. and Germany is a priority, and I'm very confident about the direction in which we are headed.  eBay continues to turn in impressive results in other countries. In Europe, the UK delivered strong revenue growth. France just announced its 10 millionth registered user and Italy delivered high double-digit revenue growth and has a well-entrenched position in the Italian eCommerce market. We also acquired a minority stake in GittiGidiyor, one of the largest online marketplaces in Turkey, expanding our geographic footprint into Eastern Europe.  In Asia Pacific we continue to make progress in Korea. Internet Auction Company delivered strong year-over-year GMV growth of 34% during the quarter. Through a focus on improving the buyer experience, better seller economics and enhanced marketing efforts, we are very pleased with the results in Korea and the momentum we're seeing going forward.  We also announced an agreement with Sanook!, the leading online portal in Thailand, to launch an eCommerce site that will enable the 16 million Thai Internet users to participate in local trade, as well as cross-border trade through eBay's global websites. This co-branded Thai-language local site will launch before the end of the year.  In China, our joint venture with TOM Online continues to go well, with the new website going live last week.  Lastly StubHub, our other GMV-driven business in the marketplaces group, continues to be the top destination for consumers to buy or sell tickets secondhand. The company signed multiple strategic partnerships during the quarter with collegiate and professional sports teams, most notably the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.  While GMV is an important indicator of our business, it is not the only one. Let me spend a minute talking about the results from our non-GMV-driven businesses in marketplaces. Our global classifieds business, which includes brands Kijiji, Gumtree, Loquo, Marktplaats and Intoko, is profitable and growing rapidly in key markets around the world.  Through strategic acquisitions and ongoing product launches, we now have a presence in more than 20 markets in more than 750 cities. The total number of monthly unique visitors to these sites is up 83% year over year, with a significant growth contributor being Kijiji, the classified brand we launched internationally in March 2005.  On the last day of the quarter, we launched Kijiji here in the U.S. to buyers and sellers in 220 cities in all 50 states. We believe our success with Kijiji outside of the U.S. is a great indicator of what can be achieved here and expands the buying and selling options we provide to people around the country.  Let me also say a word about our auto classified sites. We have thought for some time that the classified format may play an increasingly important role in the vehicles business in many countries. Our mobile.de business in Germany, which we acquired in 2004, continues to perform very well. We recently launched vehicle classified listings to complement our traditional eBay Motors listings in the UK, Germany, France and Italy, and through both our dealer-focused local market products and Kijiji in the U.S.. These sites are already doing very well, and we believe that classifies will play a larger role as we grow our global vehicles business.  Shopping.com also had a good quarter. Globally, Shopping.com delivered 32% year-over-year revenue growth in Q2. Outside of the U.S., we're pleased that the SDC network of sites is now the UK's number one online comparison shopping destination. This now makes us leaders in the U.S., the UK and Australia.  As for our growing advertising business, our partnerships with Yahoo! and Google are going well. We are bullish about the long-term potential of this monetization mechanism, and Bob will talk more about this business in a few minutes.  During the quarter, we also welcomed StumbleUpon to the eBay family. We think the concept of serendipitous discovery is an exciting complement to traditional search. The company caught our attention with its unique technology, talented employees and passionate user community. The 150% year-over-year growth of its user base has been driven primarily by word of mouth from its loyal and satisfied customer base.  So our marketplaces business unit continues to perform well. We are pleased by the financial performance and the traction we are seeing against many of our new initiatives. We know higher GMV growth in the U.S. and Germany is possible, and we have plans in place to make this happen. But overall, this increasingly broad portfolio of businesses continues to perform well and meet the needs of our buyers and sellers even more effectively.  Now let me turn to payments. PayPal had an outstanding quarter. With more than 153 million accounts worldwide, PayPal is the global leader in online payments. With both accelerating revenue and TPV, PayPal continues to demonstrate very strong momentum.  Our merchant services business continues to perform extremely well. In the second quarter, this business generated nearly $5 billion in TPV. PayPal's presence across the web is becoming more and more pervasive. Brand-name merchants like Northwest Airlines, Southwest Airlines, MTV and FTD.com added PayPal as a payment option, as did thousands of other merchants around the world, including leading apparel retailer Rush Collection in France, leading IT merchant Computer Universe in Germany, and Singapore Post, the country's post carrier.  Our payments partnership with Yahoo! is also going well, with thousands of merchants discovering PayPal Express Checkout through Yahoo! every day.  Our international efforts are also gathering momentum in 35 million European accounts and is already offered on more than 100,000 websites around Europe. We are ahead of the game in terms of signing up merchants, consumers, shopping cart providers and web hosting services for PayPal in Europe.  PayPal continues to be a great business. We are very pleased by the financial performance and the execution against aggressive goals, and we continue to make significant investments to ensure the ongoing success of this business.  Finally, on the communications front, Skype had a good quarter. Skype continued to attract millions of new users, bringing the total number to nearly 220 million. The Skype team continues to engage in innovative partnerships that allow the ease and fun of the Skype product to be offered to new users. For example, Intel sponsored a day of free global calling over Skype on Mother's Day to American and Canadian consumers , a very successful promotion. More than 12 million minutes of free global calls were offered during a 24-hour period.  Skype announced a partnership with the world's largest retailer, Wal-Mart, to offer Skype-certified hardware and prepaid cards in 1,800 of its stores throughout the United States.  As we have said for the last couple of quarters, the focus for Skype remains extending our leadership position by continuing to build the user base, expanding our active ecosystem of developers and partners, and enhancing call quality for users around the world. Skype has delivered in many of these areas, but it is not where we want it to be in terms of user activity. This will require increased attention and focus from the leadership team.  Before I turn today's call over to Bob, I thought I would close by giving you some insights around eBay's evolution over the last three years to help put this quarter's results and the future of our business in context. It goes without saying that our company is a very different one from the one it was in late 2004. At the time, eBay had $3.3 billion in revenue, an organization of 8,000 people in 23 countries, and 135 million users of eBay and 64 million users of PayPal. Today, we're on a trajectory to report more than $7 billion in revenue this year. We now have 14,000 employees and more than half a billion users from nearly every country in the world.  During the last three years, the pace of change on the Internet accelerated. Competition increased, customer expectations changed and technology evolved. We recognized these changes were happening and took some actions to respond. We made a decision that, as the leader in e-commerce, our mission was to ensure that buyers and sellers all over the world could have the type of online commerce experience they wanted, no matter where they lived or what kind of format they wanted to buy or sell in.  So we bought Shopping.com here in the U.S. and extended the footprint of that business abroad. We built and bought a global portfolio of classified sites and more recently, began to transform the user experience on eBay much more rapidly than we had in the past. We also developed PayPal into a major line of business as we stepped up penetration on eBay and built out merchant services. We acquired Skype in the fall of 2005 and are rapidly growing that business.  So here we are, three years later and I can tell you that I have never been more excited about the future of this company. In our marketplaces business, we have a multifaceted consumer-driven plan to accelerate GMV growth in our flagship eBay business. We have other formats in place to capitalize on rapidly growing market segments like auto classifieds and online comparison shopping. And we have a broad global footprint and a strong portfolio of brands and consumer offerings.  We also have a strong eBay Inc. portfolio with PayPal and Skype, two rapidly growing businesses that are very well positioned for the future. We also have the strongest senior management team that we have ever had at the company and we have talented, experienced employees that know how to get to the right strategies and also execute in an ever-changing environment in all of our businesses.  As a company with many different offerings, we have a powerful shared vision that connects all of these businesses. We're united as one company and truly dedicated to what we call social commerce. Social commerce is a powerful combination of commerce, communication and community that enhances traditional buying and selling. As a leader in this area for so many years, eBay has a unique opportunity and a responsibility to dissolve the barriers of time, distance and complexity for our community.  Social commerce is really rooted in a fundamental human truth: that people all over the world have a natural innate desire to connect with others and it is what each business in eBay's family aspires to be the best at delivering, each in its own unique way. Whether that is eBay, PayPal, Kijiji, Shopping.com, Skype or even newly acquired StumbleUpon, we are focused on making that vision a reality.  So that is why I am very optimistic about the remainder of this year and 2008. As we exit the first half of the year and head into the second one, I remain extremely confident about the future of the company and am incredibly pleased to see our well-designed portfolio of businesses gaining traction among global Internet users and ultimately delivering strong financial results for our shareholders.  Now I will turn it over to Bob for a closer look at the numbers. 
Bob Swan: Thanks, Meg. Today, I will discuss our Q2 financial performance, along with our outlook for the third quarter and the remainder of 2007. During my discussion, I will be referencing our earnings slide presentation which accompanies our webcast.  Overall, we posted great financial results in Q2. Our results reflect accelerating top line growth, strong earnings growth and excellent free cash flow. Additionally, we continued to redeploy capital to strengthen our business via our share repurchase program and acquisitions. We're now halfway through the year and we are increasingly confident in our ability to deliver even stronger full year revenue and earnings growth.  In total, our business generated record net revenues of $1.83 billion, representing 30% year-over-year growth. Organic revenue, excluding acquisitions and FX, was up 23% versus last year, an acceleration of 2 points versus the first quarter. This acceleration was driven by a strong performance from PayPal and increased traction in advertising.  Non-GAAP EPS was $0.34 for the quarter, a 40% increase from last year and $0.01 higher than the top end of our guidance range. This out performance relative to the top end of our guidance was driven primarily by a lower tax rate and a weaker than anticipated U.S. dollar.  We delivered excellent cash flows as well in the second quarter, generating $533 million of free cash flow, a 45% growth versus last year. The growth was driven primarily by earnings expansion coupled with lower capital expenditures.  Now let's take a closer look at our segment results for the quarter. Overall, our marketplaces business had a good quarter, with strong top line growth and expanded segment margins, while we continued to make significant investments to reinvigorate our core auction business and accelerate our adjacent businesses.  In the second quarter, the marketplaces business achieved net revenues of $1.29 billion, up 26% versus the year-ago period. Global GMV for the quarter was $14.5 billion, a 12% increase over last year. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, GMV grew by 9%. Consistent with the last several quarters, revenue is growing much faster than GMV as we expand into new formats and introduce new methods of monetizing our traffic.  Now let's walk through some of our key operating metrics. We added nearly 8 million new users in the quarter, bringing the total registered user base to 241 million. New listings in the quarter were 559 million, down 6% versus Q2 last year, with core listings down 2% and store inventory listings down 25%. In the U.S., new listings totaled 244 million, while there were 316 million new listings internationally.  U.S. GMV grew 10% to $6.7 billion, highlighted by accelerating growth in nearly every product category. International GMV grew 14% to $7.8 billion, representing 54% of global GMV. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, international GMV grew 8%.  Let me give you some more color on the difference between the 6% decline in new listings and our 26% growth in total marketplaces revenue. There are two primary fundamentals impacting this divergence of growth. First, GMV is growing much faster than new listings; and second, revenue is growing much faster than GMV. Let me elaborate a bit more on this dynamic.  The gap between listings growth and GMV growth is driven primarily by improved core ASPs and conversion rate. FX drove the remaining 3 points to total GMV growth of 12%.  The gap between revenue growth and GMV growth is driven by several factors. First, continued strength in our non-GMV businesses such as Shopping.com, Rent.com, classifieds, and advertising, is contributing 4 points of growth.  Secondly, our recently acquired StubHub tickets business, which features a higher take rate than our eBay platform, as well as our joint ventures in China and Taiwan where we are no longer recognizing local GMV because we now hold a minority interest drove 4 points of the difference.  Third, as Meg indicated earlier, the format of our vehicles business has been shifting. While GMV from vehicles is slowing, we are monetizing this business through other platforms such as our classifieds business and our Local Motors format. We're pleased with the revenue growth these businesses are driving, however, we don't recognize GMV in these formats. These factors combined to account for 3 points of the gap between revenue and GMV growth.  Finally, pricing actions we have taken in the last 12 months drove the remaining 2 points of growth. We expect the trend of revenue growing faster than GMV and listings to continue as we expand into new formats and monetize our traffic in new ways.  Let's now take a closer look at the rest of our marketplaces business. The UK, France and Italy were strong contributors to overall European performance. In Germany, despite a decline in new listings, improved conversion rates and higher ASPs enabled us to deliver GMV growth in the mid single-digits while growing revenue in the double-digits.  In Asia, our Korean business posted sharply accelerating GMV growth driven by continued improvements to the user experience. We believe these results demonstrate the strategies we've put into place in Korea are beginning to resonate with consumers in that market.  Our non-GMV driven businesses were strong contributors to our Q2 growth. Shopping.com continues to grow faster than the overall marketplaces business, while driving our penetration into the growing online comparison shopping segment. Our classifieds business posted nearly triple-digit year-over-year revenue growth. While this segment of our business is small today, it continues to grow at a rapid pace and we're extremely excited about its future potential.  Lastly, our advertising business is starting to gain some significant momentum. Overall, advertising and other revenue was up 77% versus the prior year, increasing from 3.1% of total marketplaces revenue last quarter to 4.2% this quarter. This acceleration was driven primarily by the launch of advertising in our international eBay businesses. We're pleased with the progress we're making and believe that advertising complements our existing transaction-based platform, allowing us to capitalize on our significant traffic.  Overall, we are pleased with our marketplaces business performance this quarter. Our efforts to diversify our business and increase overall monetization continue to show good momentum and we're confident that our significant investments to improve the eBay user experience will make our business even stronger over time.  Now let's turn to our payments business. PayPal had another excellent quarter, posting total revenue of $454 million, a 34% increase versus the same period last year. This quarter's performance underscores the excellent progress we are making in our effort to accelerate the ubiquity of PayPal on the web by expanding our global footprint and increasing our penetration on eBay.  Total payment volume in the quarter was $11.7 billion, representing 32% year-over-year growth and acceleration versus last quarter's growth. TPV grew by 25% in the U.S. and 49% internationally versus last year. Our TPV growth was driven by strength in merchant services and continues to benefit from our ongoing geographic footprint expansion.  In terms of key operating metrics, PayPal added nearly 10 million new accounts in the quarter to end with 153 million total accounts. Global TPV for PayPal's on-eBay business grew by 18%. Global penetration of addressable GMV was 58.8% in the quarter, up 2.3 points over last year.  Our global merchant services business had another phenomenal quarter, generating $4.9 billion of TPV, up 57% year over year, a marked acceleration versus Q1. We continue to attract top online retailers to our platform and we're excited about the excellent traction we're seeing in our global merchant services business.  PayPal's Q2 transaction expense was 1.12%, 10 basis points higher than the year-ago period and 3 basis points higher than last quarter, driven primarily by a higher credit card funding mix versus last year. The credit card funding mix continues to be impacted by a product mix shift largely resulting from strong growth in our merchant services business. The transaction loss rate was 29 basis points this quarter, up 2 points from a year ago, but 3 basis points lower than Q1 '07.  In summary, PayPal had another great quarter and continues to be a key driver of our companys overall growth. We continue to make significant investments to extend our leadership position in the online payment space, and these investments are paying off.  Looking at our communications business, Skype continues to enjoy healthy growth, posting total revenue of $90 million for the quarter, an increase of 103% versus the year ago period, while delivering a second consecutive quarter of segment profitability. Skypes total registered users grew to nearly 220 million, representing an increase of 94% from a year ago. Geographically, the majority of new users came from Europe and Asia, while user growth in North America remained strong as well. We believe the distribution partnerships we announced this quarter will help us attract additional new users over time.  Skype-to-Skype minutes in Q2 were 7.1 billion, flat compared to last year, while Skype out minutes were 1.3 billion, representing 57% growth versus the prior year.  While we're pleased with total registered user growth, activation levels are not where we would like them to be. We continue to focus our efforts on engaging our rapidly growing user base and expanding our product and feature set.  Now let's take a look at how our business unit performance translated into non-GAAP financial results. As I indicated earlier, eBay delivered record net revenues of $1.83 billion, up 30% year over year. Acquisitions we made over the last 12 months contributed nearly 3 points to our top line growth and FX, due to a weaker dollar, contributed an additional 4 points of growth. This top line growth, coupled with a lower share count, a lower tax rate and a weaker U.S. dollar drove EPS expansion from $0.24 to $0.34, a 40% increase versus Q2 '06.  Our operating margin was 32.4%, 20 basis points lower than the prior year. Operating leverage, productivity and a weaker U.S. dollar have mostly offset the negative mix impact from the growth of our lower-margin businesses, PayPal and Skype, as well as accelerated investments across all three of our businesses.  Looking at our operating expenses in a bit more detail, first sales and marketing expenses were 24.8% of revenue in Q2, down 50 basis points from the year-ago period. This decline was driven by continued leverage in our marketplaces marketing costs, offset by reinvestment in PayPal marketing initiatives to continue to increase our penetration on the Web.  Next, product development expenses were 7% of revenue, 20 basis points lower than a year ago. We continue to increase our unit capacity at a faster rate than our expenses, and we're using this increased capacity to drive the significant product development roadmap across all of our businesses.  Lastly, G&A at 13.9% of revenue is down 80 basis points year over year. We continue to leverage our existing infrastructure while investing more in PayPal consumer protection programs. Collectively, these factors translated into $595 million of non-GAAP operating income, 29% growth on a year-over-year basis, and non-GAAP net income of $471 million, up 34% from a year ago.  We generated $655 million of operating cash flow and $533 million of free cash flow in the quarter. Capital expenditures were 6.6% of revenue in Q2, and we ended the quarter with nearly $3.8 billion in cash and cash equivalents, despite cash outlays for nearly 350 million share repurchases in the quarter, as well as our acquisition of StumbleUpon.  With that, let me turn to our non-GAAP guidance. With another quarter behind us, we feel good about our results through the first half of 2007. We delivered a great financial performance this quarter, with accelerating top line growth, strong earnings expansion and excellent free cash flow. Our international growth has allowed us to continue to capitalize on a more effective tax structure, and we continue to benefit from a weaker dollar.  As we head into the second half of the year, we're raising our revenue, EPS and free cash flow guidance for the full year. We continue to reinvest our operational out performance back into the business in order to improve the user experience across our businesses and to build PayPal ubiquity across the web. The accelerated capital expenditures we undertook last year have enabled us to reduce our capital investment this year.  Based on these factors, we now expect full-year '07 revenue in the range of $7.3 billion to $7.45 billion, a full year operating margin of approximately 33% and EPS in the range of $1.34 to $1.38. This guidance assumes a U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate of $1.30 and a revised full-year tax rate of 25.5% to 26%. We are also raising our free cash flow forecast to approximately $1.95 billion on full year CapEx of 7% to 8% of revenue.  Looking to the third quarter, we expect net revenues to be in the range of $1.775 billion to $1.825 billion, and EPS of $0.31 to $0.33.  Let me take a minute to put Meg's earlier remarks in a bit more context. As we look back on the business over the past couple of years, it is clear that our business has grown in many different ways. Overall, our mix of business has grown to be more diverse. Our core business has grown stronger over this period of time through geographic expansion and increased penetration of PayPal on eBay. We have expanded into new markets such as merchant services and communications and new formats such as classifieds and online comparison shopping. We have extended into new areas of monetization with advertising.  So where we sit today, we have an excellent portfolio of businesses with a strong core and fast growing adjacencies. I'm confident this portfolio of businesses will continue to drive great results through the remainder of 2007 and beyond.  In summary, our Q2 results show continued strong performance in 2007 and we feel good about our ability to deliver even stronger results for the year.  Now we would be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Youssef Squali - Jefferies. 
 Youssef Squali - Jefferies : Meg, how early do you think before we can start seeing the reacceleration in GMV growth in U.S. and Germany that you talked about? In Germany in particular, it looks like your core listings was down 29%, stores up 24%. Does your plan contemplate a fee hike there to balance that platform like you did in the U.S.? Thanks. 
Meg Whitman: We are very excited about the plans that the German team has in place. I was there about four weeks ago. I think it is some of the best work I have seen out of any marketplaces team over the last four or five years. They are totally on this issue.  I can't tell you when we will see that acceleration of GMV. It is very difficult to predict. We run a large ecosystem here. We don't ever quite know exactly what lever that we can pull, whether that is products, customer safety, customer support, marketing or pricing is going to do the trick. But we feel very confident that they have diagnosed the situation beautifully. They have a great set of plans in place. I think we are going to have a good second half of the year in Germany.  With regard to the listings, I will turn it over to Bob. That doesn't sound quite right to me, but you may have a better perspective. 
Bob Swan: Clearly, in Germany this quarter, listings did decline. For the most part, as I indicated earlier, globally across the board listings declined 6% year over year. Germany was in the same camp. It declined a little bit more, and we are still lapping a strong media listings growth in the second quarter of last year. So the decline is a little more dramatic.   That being said, conversion rates and ASP improved quite dramatically in Germany in the quarter. So as we indicated, we had mid-single-digit GMV growth and revenue growth even stronger than that.  The only other thing I would add, Meg , you also asked about U.S. GMV. While we are not satisfied with it, we did have accelerated GMV from Q1 to Q2. So Q1 was 8% GMV growth. Q2 was 10%. StubHub contributed to that, but also we saw accelerated GMV across almost all categories in the U.S. So we still have lots of work to do. We have some exciting stuff coming in Q3. We will see how it plays out over the rest of the year. 
 Youssef Squali - Jefferies : Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray. 
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Can you talk about your priorities in terms of the improved user experience on eBay in the second half in terms of either fraud or improved user experience? Maybe if you can detail a few of those. 
Meg Whitman: Sure, let me take that. As you have correctly pointed out, making improvements to the user experience is one of our main strategic priorities. Let me tell you about a few of them.  First is to improve the finding experience, what we call finding 2.0. You can see that we have actually done some work in something we call DefMatch, which is in fact a relevant and algorithmic search engine that actually, based on your prior searches on eBay and what we know about other people who search for those same items, we think we can get you to the items that you're looking for faster and better.  You might recall in the old age of eBay, you'd do a search for Madonna and you'd get 20,000 items, everything from T-shirts to books. Now we're able to get you there much faster. So the first bucket would be finding.  The second would be making the auction experience even more fun. The first is something we call Bid Assistance, which is really great. We heard from a lot of buyers that they were scared to bid on more than one item because God forbid you won five iPods instead of the one that you really wanted. So we have created something called Bid Assistance that allows you to bid on multiple items. We manage that bidding for you, and you will not win more than one item. That actually has come across with great results.  We have something called eBay Countdown, which actually visualizes the fun of the end of the auction with avatars and showing the race towards the end. We've got Feedback 2.0, which is launched and expanded now in virtually every country. We've got a new homepage layout coming. We have also increased customer support for both buyers and sellers. Also, by the end of the year, we will have a 360-degree view of the customer, so that if you are a PayPal customer and you have issues around your eBay account, we can help you on that same phone call or same chat as opposed to having to transfer you between centers.  Those are probably the highlights. I would direct you to something called www.playground.ebay.com, where we have a really fun site for users to test a number of the new products that we're launching and provide feedback. I think you'll find it to be exciting, and our users are actually giving us great feedback on it. 
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Great. That's helpful. 
Bob Swan: Feel free to buy or bid on something while you are there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Pitz - Banc of America. 
 Brian Pitz - Banc of America : Thank you. Just a question on your local strategy. You recently launched classifieds site Kijiji in the U.S., as mentioned. Is your primary goal to capture share from craigslist and eventually monetize this site? Or are you really more interested in applying what you may learn from local classifieds to help you with really more local initiatives on the main eBay platform? Thanks. 
Meg Whitman: No, we are interested in building a robust classifieds business in the United States. Because of our success internationally, we actually think it is the right platform on which to expand into the U.S. and serve classifieds communities in the U.S. with a new kind of offering.  Interestingly enough, we think actually that the U.S. market is large enough and diverse enough to support a number of different players in this area. This is a very fragmented market. Our plan is to use the U.S. classified business, it is really quite a differentiated offering versus craigslist, with a slightly different target market, and see what happens. If we have anywhere near the success we have had with Kijiji outside the United States, I think we will be quite pleased. We may learn some things that help the eBay U.S., but this is actually a classifieds play in the U.S. 
 Brian Pitz - Banc of America : Great, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan  JP Morgan. 
 Imran Khan  JP Morgan : Hi, thank you very much for taking my questions. By the way, playground looks great. Meg, if you look at the GMV growth rate of 12%, a decent chunk of the growth rate came from the conversion improvement. What gives you the confidence that once we anniversary some of the changes that you made that conversion can start to improve? How far off are we from historical conversion rates, high conversion rates?  The second question is you just raised your free cash flow target to $2 billion. Why not take the opportunity of a historically low interest rate and do some sort of buy back? Thank you. 
Meg Whitman: On the first one, we continue to believe that listings will follow demand. What increase in conversion rate means is that more listings are selling and that our sellers are enjoying more success. As we anniversary a lot of the store inventory format shakeout and cleaning up the sites, our belief is that listings will in fact follow demand.  So we are encouraged by some of those things that we're seeing very early on in the U.S., but we do think that will in fact happen as we go forward.  Do you want to take the capital question? 
Bob Swan: On the second question, our focus continues to be on extending our leadership positions in each one of the three business units. We continue to attempt to maintain the financial flexibility to do that, but also redistribute the rapidly growing cash flows to shareholders. So what that has meant a bit historically is in the last two years we spent about $3 billion in cash on acquisitions to strengthen some of our businesses, and you have seen the benefits of that, I think, highlighted in this quarter's performance.  Secondly, in the last ten months we have bought back 75 million in shares and will continue to do that with our share repurchase program. So we've got a great balance sheet. It keeps generating cash. Our focus is on redeploying that as effectively as we can.  As we think about longer-term capital structure, I am sure at a point in time, we will have debt on the balance sheet, but we have determined as of now, maintaining flexibility, reinvesting, grow while redistributing capital through share repurchase, we generate enough cash flows to do that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Schachter - UBS. 
 Ben Schachter - UBS : Just a follow-up on Kijiji. It was a bit of a softer or quiet launch, and I was wondering if you could talk about what type of an investment you may or may not make there to build the business. Also, what does it mean for your craigslist ownership piece?  Meg, you talked about marketing spend around the new and improved features on the site. Will there be any meaningful bartering agreement with any of your advertising partners to get more advertising on say Yahoo! or Google? 
Meg Whitman: With regard to craigslist, we enjoy a good relationship with craigslist and we have been an admirer of their company for a long time. We don't expect this launch to impact our investment in craigslist. We plan to maintain our minority equity stake.  With regard to investment in Kijiji, obviously we've made some investments in the site. But one of the great things about having a global platform is we can actually launch in 220 cities and 50 states at a relatively low cost using the investment that we have made in the Kijiji platform overseas. So it is one of those times when scale actually helps speed.  So we are going to largely grow that organically. We do a little Internet marketing, we do a little direct marketing, but particularly in 2007 and 2008, we want to see how fast we can grow this organically.  With regard to marketing spend, we are actually doing, I think, a great holiday campaign in our three largest markets: the United States, Germany and the UK. To my knowledge, I don't think we have any barter arrangements in place. We used to report barter, I don't know if we still do. If we don't, it is because it is so tiny. 
Bob Swan: We don't have anything of significance. 
Meg Whitman: So I don't actually think there will be any barter in Q4, but we could get back to you on that. 
Bob Swan: The only other thing that I would add is Meg indicated in her comments that the integration and the amount of activity we have going on in terms of new features to make the site more fun and compelling, we want to bring as much traffic back to experience all the new innovation we have. So that is a part of the integrated marketing campaign in the latter part of this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers. 
 Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers : Just following up on the marketing questions, can you talk a little bit about the marketing campaign in the back half, just in terms of quantifying the dollars that you can potentially spend there? Also, a little bit of color on how the current Windorphins campaign is going, if you are seeing that stimulate any buyer demand?  Also, with your experiments around search moving between providers a little bit late in the quarter, what your key takeaways are there as well. Thank you. 
Bob Swan: First, in terms of the marketing question, during the course of this year, our expectations are that our overall margins will be roughly flat with last year at 33%, despite the fact that our lower margin businesses are growing faster than the rest of the portfolio. So we will offset that mix impact with more efficient marketing spend and lower G&A. Those dynamics are not dramatically different as a percent of sales in the second half of the year as they were in the first half. So it won't be dramatically different as a percent of sales. 
Meg Whitman: With regard to Windorphins, for those of you on the phone who don't know, Windorphins is a contraction between winning and endorphins, which is designed to underscore that really fun, great, euphoric feeling that you get when you win on eBay. It was a grassroots teaser campaign for our fall full-blown media campaign. It actually had completely the desired effect, which was lots of inquiry, lots of buzz, lots of talk on the blogs and things like that.  So we are really pleased with it, and you will see the first effects as we launch the full-blown campaign here in the United States. But it was exactly the right thing to do and generated a lot of fun and buzz in the user community. Let's see, what was the other question? 
 Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers : Regarding your search changes late in the quarter. 
Meg Whitman: Late in the quarter, as you know, we ran an experiment to see what would happen if we were to change our allocation of Internet marketing between our largest providers. As you know, we pulled back from Google, reallocated to AOL, Ask Jeeves and Yahoo! in particular. We learned a lot from this test that will actually drive our go-forward Internet marketing spend. It has to do with return on investment, where we can get the most leverage.  As you know, we have gone back to spending some money on Google. We will continue to reallocate not only between IM engines as we go forward on particular words, but also, frankly, we are reevaluating our spend between offline and online.  So a great test that we did. I think we learned a lot from it. I think we are going to be even more efficient than we have been in the past in terms of the efficacy of our IM spend. By the way, it had no impact at all on the results for the quarter, because the money we largely were spending on Google we moved to other partners and saw actually great ROI. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Derek Brown - Cantor Fitzgerald. 
 Derek Brown - Cantor Fitzgerald : Sort of a broader question, but I am curious, why do you believe sellers are so slow to respond to improved conversions, improved ASPs, with more listings? Where do you think the obstacles are for them to get more product onto the site? 
Meg Whitman: I think there's a couple of things. One is, Derek, this is a big ecosystem and we made a very significant change a year ago when we incentivized store inventory format listings at the expense of core. We actually really also changed the mix of fixed-price and auction in a way that I don't think was actually appropriate for the marketplace.  So I think they are sorting through fixed-price versus auction. They are sorting through average selling price on eBay's platform versus others. They are sorting through the volume that has always been the hallmark of eBay and continues to be the hallmark of eBay. I think as we get through some of these overlapping quarters in the marketplace, it settles out. As sellers increasingly see these increased conversion rates, listings will follow demand.  But I think we actually upset the balance of this marketplace last year even more than we had understood when we were in the middle of the shift in core issue, because it wasn't just lower-priced listings; it was the nature of the listing. It was fixed price versus auction. I think it was a pretty big shock to the system that is only now coming back into balance. 
 Derek Brown - Cantor Fitzgerald : Where would you point us to look to see the improvements in those metrics right now, I guess from a seller perspective? 
Meg Whitman: Well, I think you have to look at conversion rate and average selling prices by market and by category. As Bob said, we are a little farther along on this journey in the United States than we are in Germany. What we saw in this quarter -- it is early and it's not a huge movement -- but we did see accelerating GMV growth in every single category. GMV was up 2 points. StubHub contributed to part of that. But I actually think we're seeing some strengthening of the core.  It is way too early to declare victory. We've got a lot more work to do. As I said, we've got more product changes coming to the site in the next six months than we have in the last three or four years.  The other thing I would say here is while we were focused on shift in core cleanup, the other thing that we really recognized was that we had to get after the user experience on eBay in a more aggressive way than we had in the past. That has been a lot of the work in the last six months, that I think will actually strengthen demand even further, which will in fact pull listings along. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Thank you very much. Two questions, one on PayPal and then one on GMV. On PayPal, you announced two new partners in the travel space, Northwest and I think Southwest. I was wondering if you think these two accounts will shorten the sales cycle into other travel providers, both the suppliers as well as the online travel companies?  The second question I have is GMV growth is obviously a measure of your ability to convert demand and supply. Could you give us a sense for how much demand growth is so that as you implement the different initiatives, Meg, that this may actually give us a sense of the upside in converting that demand?  eCommerce online, the best measure we have, is growing globally around 25%. Do you have demand growth of 25%, but you are only converting half of that? Could you give us a relative measure of your demand growth? Thanks. 
Meg Whitman: I will take the easy question, we will give Bob the hard question. With regard to our travel product, at PayPal we've spent quite a bit of time getting two kinds of travel products right. One is a product for the airlines and the other is for the online travel providers like Orbitz, Expedia. Both of those needed actually quite some adaptation from our core merchant services product by the nature of the kind of business that they run.  For example, the travel providers, actually you have to create a PayPal distribution effect that, let's say I buy an airline ticket on Orbitz. Part of that has to go to the airline and part of that is the fee that Orbitz makes. You have to be able to handle that disbursement in a perfectly high-integrity way.  So we are pleased with the product. We have gotten good response. I would hope that the launch of Southwest and Northwest actually accelerates the adoption in the travel segment. These are industries where they do look to what people are doing. No one wants to be the last to adopt a new payment mechanism. So I feel pretty good, actually, about our progress in payments in the travel industry. I am excited about it, actually. 
Bob Swan: Anthony, on your second question, we look at overall global market rates of growth, probably in the mid to lower 20s geographically slower in the U.S. and higher outside of the U.S. That is the market that we are going after.  In terms of how we measured our performance, more and more it's from revenue growth as opposed to just GMV growth, because the different formats and the different platforms that we're trying to build, whether it is classifieds, whether it is how we monetize traffic through advertising, whether it is online comparison shopping, we're trying to make sure we have the platforms in place to enable us to grow at market rates of growth. That is how we are approaching it. 
Meg Whitman: The only other indication that you can look at, Anthony, is the amount of traffic that is coming to the site. That is holding up very well. We will know more at the end, obviously, of Q2. The industry traffic reports trail our traffic reports. But traffic is holding up, and I think as we launch these product features and as we launch our marketing campaigns in the fall, I will hope that we will get a disproportionate or more than our fair share of traffic coming to eBay. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Would you share with us the growth from your internal logs and your traffic growth? The third-party services are not that accurate. 
Meg Whitman: We typically don't release that because I think it is just better for everyone to rely on the same traffic reports. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Thank you. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Mark Mahaney  Citigroup. 
 Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: Great, thank you very much. I wanted to ask about one product, which is eBay Motors 2.0, the beta that you were showing at eBay Live in Boston looked very promising. It seems that product has been slow or maybe youve missed some deadlines. Can you just talk about the process there? When do you think we will see that, because it does look promising?  Real quickly, Germany and eBay U.S. GMV reacceleration challenges, how different do you think they are? In other words, if you get these learnings from what sounds like promising initiatives in Germany, do you think that they are easily applicable to the U.S. market or are the tools necessary to reaccelerate those two markets very different? Thank you. 
Meg Whitman: Let me take Motors 2.0. We are excited about Motors 2.0, but as John Donahoe has often talked about, we now have a very robust AB testing capability inside eBay, which we did not have a year ago. And so, to make sure that Motors 2.0 was exactly right and didnt disrupt the eBay Motors marketplace in an unintended way, we actually have been showing Motors to a randomly selected, relatively small segment. We have received a ton of incredibly valuable feedback during this initial testing phase. We are making a couple of tweaks to the product that actually on reflection, listening to this user feedback, makes a ton of sense.  And so we were ready to launch, but we through our AB testing capability, we decided to delay to make a few more product tweaks to make it exactly right.  The other thing I would say with regard to Motors is increasingly we are going to want to part vehicles from parts. Parts and accessories is doing incredibly well, it is one of our fastest growing categories around the world, and I think we are going to want to part those two.  And actually, eBay Motors, I think was better for vehicles than it was for parts, and we needed to make some tweaks to the parts side so that we didnt have the law of unintended consequences on parts and accessories.  With regard to learnings across eBay, one of the things I think that has also taken place in the marketplace business is really terrific best-demonstrated sharing practices between all of the different countries. What we learn in the U.S. immediately gets ported to Germany, and vice versa. So pricing, which is controlled on a country level, all of those learnings are being fed in centrally. Things like the social networking components that we are playing with in Germany. If they work, they will be moved to the U.S. A lot of the product changes in the U.S. will be moved to Germany.  So I would say that when we actually hit on something that works, as we have, we will be able to roll it out much faster. Here is the other thing: we will be able to implement these product changes into the U.K., Italy, France, Spain, the Netherlands way ahead of the curve, so hopefully we wont see the slowdown in those markets that we have in the U.S., because we will be ahead of the curve from a product planning point of view.  Good, okay. I think we are at the end of the time. Thank you very much for listening. We appreciate it.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-19 18:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-19 14:00:00) =====
Executives
