===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. My name is Matthew, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. During the question and answer session, if you have a question, please press star one on your touch-tone phone. I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's call, we will discuss our first quarter 2025 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question and answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. We intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and other recent filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Brad Beckham.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts First Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brent Kirby, our President, and Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Hensley, our Executive Chairman, and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. I would like to begin today by thanking our over 93,000 team members for the hard work they put in during the first quarter to continue our track record of profitable growth, delivering a solid start to 2025. We held our annual leadership conference in January, and our theme and rally cry for this year is "next level." Every single one of our leaders in every facet of our business is focused daily on how they can take their leadership, their ownership, and in turn, our customer service and performance to the next level. It is incredible that O'Reilly has been in business for almost 70 years, and the same fundamentals and next-level mindset that made our company successful in the early years are still what makes us great today. While I believe our people and our culture are truly world-class today, our team absolutely never settles for the status quo. I could not be more grateful to work with a team that is always on the hunt for ways to improve, get better, and take our company to the next level. Delivering excellent customer service and building top-notch teams to continue our company growing is not easy work, and I want to commend our team members for the pride they take in our company and the commitment they hold to being the best team in the business. Now I would like to start our discussion on the first quarter by walking through the details of our comparable store sales results. Our comp growth of 3.6% in the quarter was at the high end of our expectations, and we are pleased with the solid start to the year. Both sides of our business performed well relative to our expectations, and our professional business was the larger driver of our total comp results with a mid-single-digit comp consistent with our expectations and ongoing trends. DIY was a positive for the quarter, with a low single-digit comp, and we were pleased to see our comp outperformance being driven by strong ticket counts relative to our expectations on both sides of the business. Next, I want to give some color on the cadence of our sales results as we move through the quarter. We have noted many times that our first quarter can be our most volatile, with variability in our business resulting from the type and severity of winter weather and from the timing of the onset of spring. The timing and magnitude of individual income tax refunds can also be a factor impacting our results through much of February and into March. While our results for the quarter as a whole were strong, we did see the choppiness in our business that is characteristic of the first quarter from these impacts. Winter weather in January was largely as expected, but moving into February, we experienced more mixed weather patterns and some delays in the distribution of tax refunds. As we entered the last week of February, tax refunds caught up and coincided with favorable spring weather moving into March that supported strong volumes on both sides of the business through the end of the quarter. March was our strongest month of the quarter, and we produced solid results thus far into April. On balance, we believe our underlying business and customer demand was steady throughout the quarter, and the month-to-month cadence is very much in line with what we would have expected given the weather we experienced and the timing of tax refunds. Although ticket count was the primary driver of our comp sales growth and outperformance in the quarter, average ticket was also a contributor to comps on both sides of the business. The dynamic of increasing complexity continues to be a stable driver of average ticket within our industry, as better-engineered and more complex parts continue to drive both higher product costs and resulting selling prices. Same SKU inflation was a minimal benefit on the quarter at less than 0.5%. This was slightly below our expectations on both sides of our business, primarily due to the normal puts and takes we see in rational competitive pricing in our industry. I will discuss our thoughts on tariff developments in a moment, but I will note that tariff-related price changes had a very minimal impact on same SKU inflation in the first quarter. Looking to the remainder of the year, we are maintaining our full-year comparable store sales guidance of 2% to 4%. Now I would like to spend a minute discussing what is driving our sales results and how we are thinking about what is ahead of us this year. During the first quarter, weather-related categories performed well, and we continue to see strength in maintenance categories such as oil and filters as consumers are prioritizing the maintenance of their existing vehicles. We also continue to see pressure in discretionary categories in line with trends over the last few quarters and a continued indicator to us that consumers are being cautious in a period of economic uncertainty. We saw solid results in failure-related hard part categories, and our customers continue to prioritize products that are higher quality on the value spectrum. We believe we are in a market where consumers are placing a high value on investments in their existing vehicles and will continue to be motivated to avoid the significant cost and monthly payment burden that comes with a new or replacement vehicle. The combination of these factors puts us in a backdrop that we would characterize as favorable for the industry and for O'Reilly, yet carries a high degree of uncertainty. There are several factors, namely tariffs and the ongoing international trade deliberations, that have the potential to impose significant challenges on the consumer. Within the first quarter, most of this uncertainty was in the headlines and had yet to make its way to anything we would characterize as a notable impact on our day-to-day business. As such, we have not made changes to the key assumptions behind our original comparable store sales guidance range of 2% to 4% that we discussed on our call in February. Tariffs certainly have the potential to impact the same SKU inflation assumptions we have inherent within our guide. However, the high degree of uncertainty surrounding the duration, magnitude, and timing of potential tariffs, coupled with the changes we have already seen to previously announced tariffs, prevent us from prudently forecasting the inflationary impacts. Additionally, we have not seen adverse impacts on the pricing environment, but we are cautious in our outlook given the broader uncertainties in the macroeconomic environment. Based on these considerations, we have maintained an unchanged sales guidance range that is supported by current business trends and volumes. Brent will cover the gross margin outlook during his prepared comments, but I will note that our margin outlook was developed under the same thought process. Over the long term, regardless of any, we stand by the fundamental drivers of our business. Increasing miles driven on a growing and aging vehicle fleet by consumers that view transportation needs as critical to their day-to-day lives provides a stable and supportive backdrop for our industry. While tariffs may take up a significant bandwidth in the news, our teams are focused on what they do best, and that is getting incrementally better and executing our business model every single day in every single store. We have the absolute expectation that our industry-leading service and availability will take market share against any market backdrop, and internally, we certainly do not allow for excuses if results do not meet expectations. We have confidence in our industry, and we know that even after years of sustained profitable growth as a company, we still own a small fraction of the total addressable share. We believe we still have a ton of opportunity, and we intend to take market share both aggressively and profitably. Before I wrap up, I wanted to also note we are increasing our diluted earnings per share guidance to a range of $42.90 to $43.40. Our increase in EPS guidance is driven by our first-quarter sales performance as well as a reduction in our expected tax rate and the impact of shares repurchased through the date of our earnings release yesterday. You might have also seen that we announced that our Board of Directors approved a 15:1 split of our common stock subject to shareholder approval at our annual meeting this May. This would mark our fourth stock split in our company history going public in April of 1993, with our last split 20 years ago in 2005. Our primary motivation for a split is to make our stock more accessible to our team members and enable them to acquire whole shares rather than fractions more readily through our employee stock purchase program. Our stock purchase plan has been an excellent way for our team members to share in the success of O'Reilly, allowing full-time team members to begin purchasing stock at a discount right at the beginning of their career with the company. With the outstanding results our team has been able to achieve over the years, and the corresponding growth in share price, we believe this is the right time to split our stock and encourage our team members to join in the next chapter of growth for O'Reilly. As I wrap up my prepared comments, I would like to once again thank Dean O'Reilly for your hard work and commitment to excellent customer service with a solid start to 2025. Now, I will turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Brad. I would also like to begin my comments this morning by congratulating Team O'Reilly on a solid start to 2025. Today, I will further discuss our first-quarter gross margin and SG&A results and provide a quick update on our expansion and capital investments thus far in 2025. Starting with gross margin, our first-quarter gross margin of 51.3% was a 12 basis point increase from the first quarter of 2024, which was in line with our expectations for the quarter. The acquisition cost environment remains stable, and as Brad noted, this is coupled with a rational pricing environment within the industry. Our first-quarter gross margins were not materially impacted by the changing tariff environment. At this point in time, we have begun to see some cost flow through from the initial round of incremental tariffs on products from China, but there is still a very high degree of ambiguity as it pertains to the subsequently announced tariffs. We are still working through negotiations with our suppliers, and our team is working diligently to rapidly digest new information as it becomes available and respond accordingly. As Brad mentioned earlier and similar to what we noted on our last call, at this stage, it is difficult to assess the exact timing, duration, and magnitude of any tariff provisions that will occur, the way that suppliers, competitors, and customers will respond to these changes. It is still our expectation that we will be able to work with our supplier partners to actively negotiate the level of any tariff-driven cost pressure they pass through to us in order to mitigate the impact on our customers. In a similar fashion to how our industry and company have responded to previous tariff and other cost changes, we also continue to believe that demand in our industry is resilient because of the nondiscretionary needs-based nature of the products that we sell. As such, we believe we will still be able to profitably earn our customers' business by delivering a strong value proposition driven by our professional parts people and our industry-leading parts availability, even in an environment of rising prices. Ultimately, we are confident in our ability to manage effectively through this period of uncertainty and believe that rational pricing will persist within our industry. We also have more flexibility than ever in our company's history in how we manage our supply chain and where we source our products. As we have previously stated, approximately one-quarter of our products are sourced from China, and we have continued to reduce this percentage over the last several years. Given the uncertainties surrounding current trade deliberations, we would not anticipate significant country of origin changes in our sourcing in the near term. However, we will continue to work closely with our supply chain partners to evaluate the most optimal strategic path forward. We have always been active managers of our supply chain in partnership with our supplier community, and we will work diligently to ensure that there is no barrier to us maintaining our inventory advantage that continues to position us as the industry leader in parts availability. Factoring in these considerations, we are maintaining our 2025 full-year gross margin guidance range of 51.2% to 51.7%. In line with Brad's discussion on our comp sales guidance, this reiterated guidance does not forecast any discrete impacts for varying tariff scenarios that may yet play out. Turning to SG&A, our first-quarter average SG&A per store growth of 4.1% was above our expectations. As compared to those expectations, the pressure to SG&A was driven in part by team member payroll and benefit costs, reflecting variable spend on the sales results in the quarter and enhancements to store-level pay plans, as well as some pressure in the quarter from medical plan costs. We also saw some cost pressure driven by maintenance and occupancy expenses resulting from normal wear and tear to our stores during the winter months that outran our forecasts. Our spend in the first quarter puts us on track to finish at the high end of our 2% to 2.5% full-year guidance range for average SG&A per store growth. On a quarterly basis, for the remainder of the year, we are leaving our SG&A expectations unchanged, and we continue to expect to run approximately 2.5% to 3% in the second and third quarters, but will be below the full-year rate in the fourth quarter as we compare against the charge that we recognized for self-insured auto liability in the fourth quarter of 2024. While we view some of the SG&A pressure in the first quarter to be temporary and are not changing our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are cognizant of the potential for incremental impacts to our cost structure should we see an accelerated inflationary environment more broadly in the economy. As always, we will diligently manage our SG&A spend to match business trends and the market share growth that we are driving in our stores and will not overcorrect in the short term in any way that would impact our high standard for providing excellent customer service. Based on our SG&A expectation and projected gross margin range, we have continued to expect our full-year operating profit to come within our guidance range of 19.2% to 19.7%. Inventory per store finished the quarter at $806,000, which was up 4.3% from this time last year and up just under 1% from the end of 2024. Inventory turns remained strong at 1.6 times as our teams work to continually enhance assortments by market. The tiered nature of our distribution network with regional DCs and hub stores allows us to hold broad coverage in every market that we serve to provide the time-definite promise that is so critical when immediacy of need drives our delivery times to be measured in minutes, not hours. We are still projecting to increase our average inventory per store by 5% in 2025, and we are pleased with the inventory investments that we have made thus far. Lastly, to touch on our store growth and capital, we opened a total of 38 net new stores across the U.S. and Mexico. Our new store performance continues to meet our high expectations, driven by the teams of professional parts people that we have behind the counter in every new store and the distribution capability to deliver the inventory availability. Capital expenditures in the first quarter were $287 million, and we still expect a total of $1.3 billion. The major projects behind this spend are on track, and we are excited about the growth. As I conclude my comments, I would like to thank the entire O'Reilly team for their hard work and dedication to starting the year right in 2025. I look forward to the opportunities we have ahead of us this year, and I have full confidence in our team to take on any challenge that presents itself. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brent. I would also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our company and our customers. Now we will fill in some additional details on our first-quarter results and outlook for the remainder of 2025. For the first quarter, sales increased $161 million, driven by a 3.6% increase in comparable store sales and a $73 million non-comp contribution from stores opened in 2024 and 2025 that have not yet entered the comp base, partially offset by a 125 basis point headwind to our total sales increase from one less selling day as a result of leap day in the first quarter of 2024. As a reminder, the impact from leap day is excluded from our comparable store sales. For 2025, we continue to expect our total revenues to be between $17.4 and $17.7 billion. Our first-quarter effective tax rate was 21.3% of pre-tax, reduced by a 1.9% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the first quarter of 2024 rate of 21.9% of pre-tax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.2% reduced by a 2.3% benefit for share-based compensation. Our first-quarter effective tax rate was below our expectation as a result of the benefit we realized from share-based compensation. For the full year of 2025, we now expect an effective tax rate of 22.4%, comprised of a base rate of 23% reduced by a benefit of 0.6% for share-based compensation. We expect the fourth-quarter rate to be lower than the other three quarters due to the tolling of certain open tax periods. Also, variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate, as we saw in the first quarter. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the first quarter of 2025 was $455 million versus $439 million in 2024. The increase of $16 million was a result of modest working capital improvements, partially offset by higher capital expenditures. For 2025, our expected free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at a range of $1.6 billion. I also want to touch briefly on our AP to inventory ratio. We finished the first quarter at 126%, which was down from 128% at the end of 2024, but slightly above our expectations. For 2025, we expect to see continued moderation resulting from our planned incremental inventory investment across our store and distribution network, and currently expect to finish the year at a ratio of approximately 125%. Moving on to debt, we finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.03 times as compared to our end of 2024 ratio of 1.99 times, with a modest increase in adjusted debt partially offset by EBITDAR growth. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We also completed the renewal of our revolving credit facility at the end of the first quarter. We extended the maturity for an additional five years and upsized the facility to $2.25 billion. We appreciate the support of our bank partners and believe this sizing provides the appropriate amount of liquidity for our business. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program, and during the first quarter, we repurchased 431,000 shares at an average share price of $1,297 for a total investment of $559 million. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, our EPS guidance Brad outlined earlier includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I open our call for your questions, I would like to thank our team for their hard work and dedication to start 2025. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Matthew, the operator, to return to the line, and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin a question and answer session. If you have a question, please press star one on your phone. If you wish to be removed from the queue, please press star two. Please limit your questions to one question and one follow-up question. Once again, if you have a question, please press star one on your phone. Your first question is coming from Michael Lasser from UBS. Your line is live.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. Understanding that it's a very fluid situation, if you simply ramp the tariffs that are in existence today through the rest of the year, what would the potential impact on your sales and earnings be as it stands, and how much price do you think you would be able to pass along in a scenario where tariffs even close to this level persist for the foreseeable future?
Brad Beckham: Hey. Good morning, Michael. Thanks for the question. This is Brad. I'll start off and then kick it over to Brent to talk about some of the pieces as it relates to tariff, gross margins, and top line and all the things you covered there. So first and foremost, we're extremely proud of our merchandise team, and they put a really great playbook in place back in 2016 that we've run, you know, to date through the pandemic, you know, a lot of inflation flowing through, and, you know, we couldn't have more confidence in our industry and our ability to play from a position of strength. Nondiscretionary needs-based business and our such amazing supply chain and obviously our professional parts people. Fluid is the right word, Michael. I like that a lot. That's kinda how we're thinking about it. This is day to day, week to week, month to month, and you know that the challenge a little bit with the way you framed it up is that, extrapolating out what that would mean today, has been different. Last week. It could be different next week, and so that's a little bit of a challenge. But I'll kick it over to Brent to talk about some of the detail on how we're thinking about that.
Brent Kirby: Yeah. Michael, thanks for the question, and it's a logical question. I think the challenge with answering it explicitly is really some of the moving pieces that still exist. You know, if you think about the fact that we've got this 90-day pause on reciprocal tariffs that's out there, you think about there's a layer in between there where there's an exemption for automotive parts that's been given. And our team, you know, to Brad's point, our merchandise team is working diligently with our supplier base as well to really understand the codes with the products that are exempt under that automotive exemption versus those that aren't. And, you know, there's not been a lot of scrutiny on some of those harmonized tariff schedule codes until this point. And now there's obviously a lot within the industry for all those reasons. So there's a level and a layer of automotive parts, especially from China, that's gonna be there's gonna have some exclusion, you know, and be have a 25 additional rate versus that reciprocal tariff rate. There's still some debate there on, you know, what's gonna be in that layer and what's not gonna be in that layer. And our team's working with, you know, our industry association. Our industry association is working with the administration to help them better understand it. Because in some cases, as with things government sometimes, there's a lack of understanding of the details of something like this. And then once the industry gets involved, there becomes a better understanding working with government. So all of that is playing out right now. So it really wouldn't be prudent to share a number right now. Because that number, whatever that number would be today, is gonna change when it's all said and done. What I can tell you though, I have extreme confidence in our team, the work that they're doing. I have extreme confidence in our industry, and the resiliency of it in times like this. And, you know, I just feel like that we're well-positioned no matter where we end up with this. To be in a good place with our supplier base, with our customers, and the resiliency of our industry. Michael, just lastly, maybe on that, as always, our goal is gonna be to, you know, our goal is gonna be to do everything we can to maintain rate. It's yet to be seen. Totally where the true health of the consumer is. I think that, again, is yet to be seen. We're still positive, but, you know, we're gonna continue to work hard to make sure that we're taking great market share, doing it effectively, holding our suppliers accountable. We got a lot of great partners. We're still negotiating through a lot of that, and we feel like we're gonna be in a good position. We feel like our industry is gonna be in a good position, but we also like how we're positioned as well.
Michael Lasser: My quick follow-up is that O'Reilly historically has been the premium service player and not the low-cost provider. Does that put O'Reilly at a disadvantage in an era of what could be hyperinflation within the category? And would there be any consideration to evolving that strategy given what is possible?
Brent Kirby: Hey, Michael. This is Brent. I can start on that. I think it's a good question, a fair question. What I would tell you though when you think about the landscape of everything you're talking about is, you know, we see ourselves in this industry as a share gainer. And we feel like a lot of our supplier partners see us as a share gainer as well, and they want to partner with us because they see us that way. Now listen, we gotta earn that every day with our customers, our team members every transaction. We don't ever take that for granted. But we are absolutely focused on continuing to grow, continue to gain share, with the backdrop of a very rational and a very resilient industry. So I would tell you that I feel like we're positioned with our high service, high touch, high availability, and puts us probably in a better negotiating position as it relates to the things you're talking about than a lesser negotiating position.
Brad Beckham: Yeah. And Michael, this is Brad. The other thing I'd say directly to the way you frame that up is, our pricing profiles today on both sides of the business are extremely competitive. You know, when I started this business back in the nineties, when we were less of a DIY supplier and still really better at the professional side, the item side of the business. The way you framed it up would have been more the case. But as we became a national player and operate in all the markets we do, we are extremely competitive. On the DIY side, the retail side. You know, that business is more transparent. You know, we have and need to be competitive, especially with all our brick and mortar retailers. And on the professional side, we couldn't feel better about the way we're positioned from a pricing standpoint. We're always going to do everything we can to have a premium there because frankly, our professional parts people and our industry-leading supply chain allow us to do so. That said, everything we've been through the last many years with our professional pricing initiative and the way that we use data and science along with the Street View of how we need to be from a competitive pricing standpoint. I just the way you framed it up, I don't think that's the case. I think we're gonna be playing from a position of strength. I feel good about our pricing, and I feel like even if that was the case to some degree, the offsets are gonna come in weaker players in the industry. You know, the complexity of things coming down the pipe for some of the independent side of things, and, you know, we feel really good about that.
Michael Lasser: Thank you very much, and good luck.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Michael. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
Simeon Gutman: Hey, good morning, everyone. So Brad, the last couple of years, O'Reilly has invested a lot into SG&A. And you're presented again with this unique moment. Your share gains have been solid. Balance sheet's good. And your buying leverage has gotta be among the best in the industry. I wanted to take your temperature on the debate if you're having any about ramping up SG&A spend and then even handling tariffs to lean in a little bit on price. To push the market share. Is that even a thought or you're just trying to manage the environment as best as you can right now?
Brad Beckham: Yeah. Hey. Hey. Thanks, Simeon. And it's more of the latter. You know, maybe to take the SG&A piece first. Listen. You know, we are somewhat dissimilar to disappointed with our SG&A performance in the first quarter. We were just out with our guidance a couple of months ago and sometimes models don't get exactly right from quarter to quarter based upon how we see internally, so there's a little bit of that. But we were somewhat disappointed with our SG&A performance in the quarter. Our team takes great pride in managing every detail of SG&A. And we still feel good as we mentioned in our prepared comments, Simeon, about the way that we laid out our cadence of SG&A, we wanted to be transparent of our SG&A guidance range for the full year and as Brent pointed out earlier, you know, basically for Q2 and Q3, we're going to be at that 2.5% to 3% range and then less than that in the fourth quarter part of that being the self-insurance charge comparison. So we don't want anybody to see this as yet an additional cycle from an SG&A spend standpoint. We feel really good about our guidance. We feel good about our plan, and, you know, we're gonna make sure we manage diligently the remainder of the year and make sure that we come into expectations and really our team did a good job in the first quarter. We had a couple of things that popped up, nothing alarming, nothing that our team does mismanaged. Brent called out that we had a minor change in the way that we compensate our store managers. We had an enhancement to that pay plan that resulted in just a timing issue that's not a big deal that will flush out in the remainder of the year and, you know, to Brent's point earlier, had a little bit of maintenance and occupancy cost things that, again, just a little bit of timing, but also some things we can always manage better. And then on the tariff side in terms of pricing, we, you know, really for what we've seen so far this year, Simeon, continue to see a very rational environment. You know, as the kind of the Q1 wrapped up and we get into Q2, you know, continue to see, what you would expect. It's still a little bit early to tell what's being pushed through, but there's no plans to invest in price in terms of the way you ask that.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. And a follow-up on inventory. I remember in the COVID period, you got ahead of inventory. You had a better position, and you're able to take share. In light of industry conditions, which could get better because of the price of a new vehicle and the demand will, you know, go up to keep a nuke on the road. Anything you're changing with inventory and anything related to expectations for industry growth for the year?
Brent Kirby: No. Simeon, this is Brent. I would tell you no. In terms of inventory, our goal is to have the best parts availability in every market that we operate in, and our teams have been committed to that. Through COVID and ever since. And I would tell you, you know, when you look at our fill rates and in-stock performance, it's the highest it's been since pre-COVID in Q1. And we, you know, we don't have any anticipation of changing the focus there.
Brad Beckham: Yeah. And I think maybe just wrap that up, Simeon, you know, with disruption or without disruption, we couldn't feel better about our investments in inventory. You know, we've been pouring into this for a long time. It's a competitive strength of ours. We're gonna continue to make sure it's a competitive strength to Brent's point. In every single market. You know, we're gonna continue to run our playbook when it comes to new DCs, upgrading our distribution centers, hub stores, and really, most importantly, every spoke store having the right inventory deployed exactly where it needs to be. And our teams are doing a really great job doing that in a disciplined way. So we're gonna continue to continue to, you know, invest in inventory, obviously, do it in a disciplined way.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Simeon. Thanks, Simeon.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Greg Melich from Evercore. Your line is live.
Gregory Melich: Thanks. I wanted to go a little competitive environment and foreclosures from and just disruption with independents. So do you see the M&A opportunity shifting or is this a good time to ramp investments that you have planned in the pipeline?
Brad Beckham: Hey. Hey. Good morning, Greg. You cut out a couple of times, but I think we picked everything up. So, yeah. Competitive landscape, Greg. You know, it's not a lot has changed, you know, it's a competitive market out there. We have a lot of, you know, big competitors. They continue to do an amazing job from next the execution standpoint. You know, we have some struggling competitors. You know, the landscape really continues to be pretty much how we've talked about it in terms of the other big three, as well as the, you know, strong independents. There's some mediocre independents, and then some independents that are struggling that is always an opportunity. You know, I think, you know, from a disruption in terms of what you asked about in terms of one competitor, really, it's still a little bit early to tell in terms of store closures. I know we've said that for a couple of quarters here, but the reality is the way we understand it, a lot of those wrapped up kind of toward the tail end of Q1, and we know there's going to be something there, but we just want to continue to temper that knowing that those volumes were, you know, really low and some of that may not be addressable or things that we want at our margin profile. That said, Jason Terrence teams, our store operations teams, and all our support teams from the distribution centers in the corporate are doing everything in our power to make sure in a jump ball that we're out there calling on those customers, understanding who they are, DIY and DIFM. And so, obviously, we're gonna work very hard to turn, you know, any of that share into a rally share. Again, just tempered with, we don't know how material that's gonna be, and it's gonna take another quarter or two to really see how that plays out. We don't wanna misspeak to that. And then on the M&A front, Greg, yeah. I mean, M&A continues to be an opportunity for us. You know, when I think about it, especially as we start to really fill in the kind of the upper mid-Atlantic and getting into New York City, and all those type markets. We feel there's gonna continue to be solid opportunities from an M&A standpoint. It's probably going to be more in the context of kinda onesies and twosies and then maybe some smaller chains that have five, six, seven stores. Don't know that there's anything large and material in those markets, but kind of yet to be seen. But yes, we're staying opportunistic in terms of kind of the last two subjects put together, there's been some opportunities to change some jobbers over to our Park City program. It's been pretty small. Been a couple of onesies and twosies type opportunities to tuck in, kinda spread across the country from that disruption, and we're gonna continue to look for those opportunities.
Gregory Melich: That's great. And on gross margins, I just love to follow-up given how EBIT margin did fall in one Q. As we look forward to get EBIT margins up for the year, how much do we expect gross margins to expand in two Q and then the rest of the year?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah, Greg. This is Jeremy. Good question. We would still view our gross margin performance as we move through the year to be relatively consistent, for sure probably most likely on a cadence, it's gonna look a lot like what it did last year. Just keep in mind, last year's second quarter was a softer gross margin quarter for us, but still, you know, kind of relatively within a tighter band. There's just a mixed things that happened in the second quarter. As we move through the balance of the year, you know, our expectation is that that performs a little bit better in the back half and puts us, you know, kinda solidly within that range that we provided. To tell you that just versus our expectations, Q1 gross margins were exactly where we would have expected that they would have been.
Gregory Melich: Got it. Thanks, and good luck, guys.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris Bottiglieri from BNP. Your line is live.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Can you elaborate more about your experience moving product from Shattas since the last out of tariffs? How long does it take to move sourcing? Is there anything to get to help the first five points of sourcing? That you move and made it easier? How feasible to move the next five to ten if it comes to that. Sounds like right now you're staying put, but just kinda curious, like, to pick up the time and let it move.
Brent Kirby: Yeah. Chris, this is Brent. I can start on that. Great question. You know, and honestly, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, you know, we've continued to reduce our dependency on sourcing from China. Though we started back during COVID, the teams have done a good job continuing to move some of our sourcing out of that country. And where we've moved it, we're actually standing up capability in places like India, Vietnam, Thailand, other places, where we're building muscle, if you will, and have options to further move production there over time. And as I again, as I mentioned in the comments, I mean, we're gonna take a strategic look when we feel like, you know, there's some true settling of where the true direction is on tariffs. Hopefully, we'll get that over the next, you know, couple of quarters at least, and long term, we're gonna make the best strategic decisions, you know, for our sourcing options globally. The great thing is, and we've talked about this as well, but our proprietary brand portfolio gives us a great umbrella to do that under. And the teams have done a great job. Our purchasing team as well as our merchandise team done a great job using those brands for multiple suppliers or those brands that meet our spec and really have had a lot of success with that. So we feel like that's gonna be a, you know, a good enabler for us to make the best long-term sourcing decisions once we get through the near-term disruption we have right now.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah. Chris, maybe the only oh, Chris, just maybe the only thing I would add to that is we're, as Brent mentioned, we're in a better position, I think, based upon the work we've done over the last several years. In the close work we've done with our supply partners to be able to work through the process to stand up in other places. Because, obviously, there's some time, there's an investment cycle to do that. I think the big question that we all have and we're gonna point to it is exactly how do you plan for what that outlook is going to be? Because, really, candidly, the piece that takes more deliberation is just understanding how to best think about what the long range looks like. In knowing that that can cause that strategic path to take a few different directions just as the magnitude of things play out. Interestingly, as we looked at the process over the course of the last really, kinda, seven years or so, that really started to gain even more traction. For us and a lot of our supplier partners as some of the previous changes in the tariff regime sustained themselves through another administration. Where there was, you know, some permanence around how that first round went from the earlier time period. And so there may be some degree to which we don't go as fast as we possibly could as we just wanna be appropriately deliberate about how we think about the right long-range approach.
Chris Bottiglieri: Gotcha. Okay. That makes sense. Then a follow-up. Do you have a sense for I would think, like, you always wanna own it probably the most scale, which is O'Reilly, this type of environment. But do you have a sense for, like, how your competitors put in the private side? Are they sourcing generally from the same suppliers and countries of origin as the publics are like O'Reilly? And they or are they still over next to the US? Are they didn't leave quickly China as quickly as you had in the last five years? Like, have a sense of your competitive position at Source Day. I mean, moving forward, it sounds like be the most dynamic and nimble, but just curious whether, you know, we take the private tips of that.
Brent Kirby: Yeah, Chris. I think what I will tell you is there are a lot of factories producing auto parts in various parts of the world. I would say we share some of those suppliers with some of our competitors, and in many cases, we don't share them with our competitors. It's a bit of a mixed bag. And then as it relates to national brands, I talked about proprietary brands. We also go to market with a mix of proven national brands as well. So those national brand partners, again, some of them do business with some of our competitors, some don't exclusively. So there's a mixed bag there as well. So I would tell you probably the answer to your question is it's a bit mixed. But again, we feel very confident in our supply chain's ability to be nimble in the environment that we're operating in and feel good long-term strategically that we'll be able to source as good or better than anyone in our industry based on how we're positioned.
Chris Bottiglieri: That makes sense. Thank you very much.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Robbie Ohmes from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Robbie Ohmes: Oh, hi. It's Robbie Ohmes. Thanks for taking my question. Actually, sorry to keep asking about tariffs, but I wanted some help with a clarification on what's happening right now. So are you guys receiving higher tariff goods right now? And when would you be receiving them and when would stuff that would already be at the very high tariff out of China be, you know, sort of flowing through your income statement and pressuring gross margin? And then my other question is, are you seeing any signs of pull forward from your customers either on the pro or DIY side that are, you know, concerned that, you know, tariffs will remain elevated and won't be excluded potentially. And so they're actually ordering excesses from you guys themselves right now.
Brent Kirby: Yeah. Hey, Robbie. This is Brent. I can start, and then the other guys can chip in. I think, really, the first part of your question, what are we experiencing now? A couple of things. Our suppliers are by and large importer of record for most of our US business. So when you think about some of the stay that's been given on the reciprocal tariffs, down to 10% for the 90 days, yes, some of that is starting to begin to impact being cost of goods. I will tell you though, as we said in our prepared remarks, there was virtually very little I would call it, immaterial impact of that in Q1 results. Q2 results, we'll start to see some of that flow through, but we're working very closely with our suppliers on that. I also mentioned in the previous question around some of the automotive exemptions that are out there specifically from China. Are still being worked through by our suppliers and our teams diligently right now. And then you have this stay on the reciprocal tariffs for other countries. But I would tell you, yes, there is some that's starting to begin to flow through in Q2 as we begin Q2 into cost of goods. I would tell you that 90-day stay that's been given the reciprocal tariffs gets you into the beginning of our Q3. So even Q2 will be somewhat of a transitionary quarter to see how much of this really sticks versus it doesn't. In terms of true long-term impact to cost of goods. So that's really kinda where we are at this point on that piece of it.
Brad Beckham: Hey, I got real quick on the sorry. Robbie, this is Brad. I was just gonna follow-up on the customer side. Good question there. No pull forward. That we're seeing. That's pretty difficult in our business with the application, complexity of the hard-to-find parts, all the hard parts that are in the back room. You know, there could be minor things like a, you know, professional customer may be wanting to pick up some stocking items, things like that. But really, for sure, our retail customers don't they don't behave that way. And then really on the side, it's really the same. There's not a lot of that. Well, we really haven't seen any of that, but just generally in our history, it's just not really how they operate. Our shops aren't set up to keep a lot of big stocking levels in their locations and don't really have the necessary the financial flexibility to do that. And then that's a good thing. The way it works in our industry, we rely on each other, and so I wouldn't expect to see any of that.
Robbie Ohmes: That's really helpful. Thank you.
Brent Kirby: And, Robbie, this is Brent. Just one other item to talk about because we, you know, kind of a lot of these conversations on tariffs have leaned toward China. But there's also been conversation around Mexico and Canada. And I'll just tell you again, at this point, back to your question in time, pretty much everything we're bringing in, which, again, we bring in some product from Mexico, very little from Canada. But that is all. As long as it's still USMCA compliant, there's been no additional tariffs applied there. At this point in time too. So that's worth noting also.
Robbie Ohmes: That's great. Thank you.
Brent Kirby: Thank you for the question.
Robbie Ohmes: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Kate McShane: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking our question. We had a question more around price increases, if it would come to that. Obviously, there's been success in passing through inflation in this industry for a very long time. What do you think ultimately, there will be maybe some elastic impact maybe in more of, like, the maintenance and certainly just discretionary categories if those prices were to go beyond a certain level.
Jeremy Fletcher: Hey, Kate. This is Jeremy. It's a great question. Different cycles within the course of time in our industry, you know, is always the question that gets asked and it's one that we're pretty cognizant of. You know, some of that's gonna depend for sure on where we really do settle from the cost pressure side. You know, our industry has always been one that has had a very, very substantial amount of pricing power. Just principally, as you know, as we've talked about for a long period of time, the primary drivers of value that support demand in our industry are not price-related. They're great service. They're great availability. They help solve problems for DIY customers. They help get allow our professional customers to run a very effective business. And the parts that we sell are very nondiscretionary in nature. They're a key component of what you gotta do to support all the other areas of your life. So over the course of time, what that has historically managed is that the industry has been very rational and prices have not had to adjust off of or you haven't seen a lot of elasticity that would cause people to go to market in some different way. The only exceptions to that, and it's not necessarily been always as price-driven as you see, but when that consumer is under more significant pressure, you know, you can see instances where they'll defer over a short period of time or where they may, you know, try to trade down on the value spectrum. Typically, that's not always driven by factors within our industry. From a price level perspective. That's more of broader pressures on the consumer. You know, probably the more significant time frame that we saw that was back in the, you know, 2008, 2009 period where unemployment was a little bit higher and there was a little bit more pressure. What was interesting is we didn't see a substantial amount of that during the course of the pandemic when the inflation was as elevated as it was. Because I think the thing that supports the very resilient demand in the industry is that it's also a way for our customers to be able to be more efficient in how they manage their household budgets to keep cars on the road, to avoid car payments, and things like that. So over the course of time, that's what we've seen. You know, it's been our experience. We would think that would be true. You know, in some of the very high end of the potential discussed tariffs, you know, those are all clearly unprecedented, even unprecedented for the inflation that we would have seen during the course of the pandemic. You know, I think that's a different dynamic. We would still feel like most of the same factors I discussed would be employed there as well. But, clearly, it's hard to address things that would be unlike anything we've ever seen in the industry.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Kate. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris. Your line is live.
Chris: Thanks, guys. So I wanted to talk about tariffs as well. Guess the first question is historically, the industry would take price at a cost in many situations, and you sort of have to this front end clip of the gross margin, given how inelastic demand is. How do you think about that opportunity in this environment? Is it like, well, given what's going on with the consumer and the level potential level, and of inflation across the wallet, do you do a wait and see approach and wait for the actual inventory turn? And then related to that, one of the questions we're getting is, you know, given sort of LIFO accounting, which is a bit of a mystery for most people, is there any potential headwind or tailwind related to this potential tariff inflation?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah. Chris, I can probably start there and Brad or Brent can jump in. Our approach has historically been to try as best we can to sync up how we think about the changes that we make in market pricing to when we see the cost impacts flow through our financial statements. Which to your point as a LIFO shop means that you're going to see that on the front end as you start to receive that higher product. Obviously, there is still some impact in terms of when tariffs are implemented, how you negotiate through that time frame, working with the suppliers to identify what we'll take on in the timing impact of where those higher POs are gonna hit. But typically, as they start to come in, we're wanting to be synced up so that we don't have this impact from a LIFO perspective where we've got charges that flow through that are matched up. That's typically been our approach. From an industry-wide perspective, there are always kinda puts and takes in how that timing works out because not everybody's schedules line up in the same way. In terms of when particular impacts show up. But generally speaking, that all even within an perspective happens in a relatively condensed time frame. At different points of times, we've been out ahead of cost changes with price increases. Sometimes they lag a little bit just depending upon where the rest of the market is at. They can cause and I just said maybe a, you know, quarter to quarter fluctuations at some point. But generally speaking, those things align fairly closely in how we think about managing through these periods of time.
Brad Beckham: Hey, Chris. This is Brad. One other thing I thought about while Jeremy was speaking there is don't think we've said this on the call yet, but probably an obvious statement, but I wanna make sure I say it, you know, along the lines of the question. You asked is that, you know, every consideration with each supplier, it's a negotiation, and we have a lot of amazing suppliers, a lot of great partnerships, but we partner with our suppliers to figure out kinda who burdens what part of the cost. Depending on the maturity of the supplier, depending on how proactive they've been at mitigating costs, getting more productive in their environment, pulling costs out the way we've done that the same. And so, obviously, you know, don't think just through how we're gonna go with a full pass through as much as every one of those, generally speaking, is shared between us and the supplier.
Chris: And so my follow-up is, can you put yourself in the position of if you're a WD or an independent, you know, other times of sort of stress in the industry, it's created market share opportunity in the global supply chain situation where, obviously, your sourcing capabilities are vastly better than most of your competition. So is there is this a stress moment where, I don't know, the independents have working capital considerations or maybe are they gonna be put under stress from an availability perspective? You know, is it does it create a market share opportunity, or is this a sort of a quote, rising tide for the entire industry? Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Yeah. Hey. Hey, Chris. I don't wanna give you a non-answer. This is Brad, but it is a little bit of both, you know, only because the way that we view the WD's independence two-steppers, you know, there are amazing operators that, you know, will operate very well in this environment. And, you know, there's some that are probably middle of the road, and some that may be struggling. And so I think, you know, really to the root of your question, I think there could be some disruption. You know, we wanna be careful getting too far out there on that. We're gonna work to capitalize on every opportunity, but I think generally speaking, you know, Brett had a question earlier about, you know, do we share similar suppliers with a lot of the, you know, private companies, independents, and Brent kinda talked about how that was a little bit of both. A lot of similar suppliers, there are some unique suppliers, but generally speaking, there are a lot of similar suppliers. And to your point, I think there can be disruption in just the general management of that for a smaller company. And the other thing that I think comes up is the smaller players really don't have the private label portfolio that we do. You know, that is something that, you know, we've built up to be in roughly 50% of our sales and even bigger in the back room. And, you know, the smaller companies have to rely more on the national brands. And, even though they could be a similar supplier in the box, they have to rely more on the national brands, and that gives us flexibility in itself. So, you know, don't wanna take anything those folks do for granted. They're amazing competitors, but we do feel like there can be some opportunity.
Chris: Thanks, guys. Have a great spring.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Brad Beckham for closing remarks.
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Matthew. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued dedication to our customers. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second-quarter results in July.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Jeremy Fletcher: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Matthew, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question and answer session. During the Q&A session, if you have a question, please press star one on your touch-tone phone. I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin.
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Matt. Morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results, and our outlook for 2025. After our prepared comments, we will host a question and answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. We intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Brad Beckham.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts fourth-quarter call. Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Hensley, our Executive Chairman, and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. To begin today's call, I'd like to recognize the hard work and commitment of our professional parts people throughout 2024. It is their commitment to our company and our customers that enabled us to deliver a solid year highlighted by an increase in comparable store sales of 2.9% and an increase in diluted earnings per share of 5.7%. 2024 was a challenging year across the automotive aftermarket, and our financial results reflected the headwinds our industry faced, finishing below the expectations we set for our business entering 2024. Our team has established a long track record of robust growth and profitability, so we are never fully satisfied when we fall short of that high bar. However, we are pleased with our team's ability to navigate the challenging environment and still deliver increases in comparable store sales and earnings per share, representing our 32nd consecutive year of growth in these metrics since becoming a public company. We are very pleased to have delivered record earnings despite a $0.46 headwind to EPS resulting from a fourth-quarter charge of $35 million to adjust our auto claims self-insurance liabilities, which Brent will discuss in more detail during his prepared comments. This charge was a headwind of over 1% to the full-year EPS growth we reported for 2024. The charge was even more impactful to the fourth quarter, representing a headwind of approximately 5% to the 2.6% EPS growth we reported for the quarter. Now, I'd like to take a few minutes to provide some color on our fourth-quarter sales results.
Brad Beckham: Our comparable store sales for the fourth quarter grew 4.4%, which was at the high end of our expectations. Our sales growth was driven by solid results in both professional and DIY. The relative performance between the two sides of our business was more balanced in the fourth quarter than we experienced in the first nine months of 2024. Our professional business again delivered mid-single-digit comp growth while DIY grew just over 3%, the best quarterly result in 2024. To some degree, our fourth-quarter results were consistent with the pressured demand environment we have experienced throughout 2024. The headwinds we have seen from broad-based pressure on consumers persisted in the fourth quarter and were reflected in continued softness in discretionary categories such as tools, accessories, and performance parts. However, we saw continued strong demand in maintenance categories in the fourth quarter. We also benefited from strong performance in winter weather-related categories, as we calendared easier comparisons to the mild start of winter in the fourth quarter of 2023.
Jeremy Fletcher: Harsh inclement winter weather creates a tailwind to our business, and the timing of when we have experienced this type of weather has created some variability over the last few years. As a reminder, last year, we really did not see severe winter weather in the fourth quarter of 2023, with more of the harsh conditions that support our business arriving in January of 2024. So far, this season has been more typical as we have seen the impact of winter weather spread out a little more evenly. As a result from a cadence perspective, our business in the quarter was steady month to month when viewed relative to the normal sales volume trends in our business. Our comps in October benefited from 2024 having one less Sunday than the prior year and our December comps reflected the easier weather comparisons. Again, these monthly variances were driven by prior-year comparisons and not by variability in our business within the fourth quarter of the current year. Next, I'll discuss average ticket and traffic dynamics underpinning our sales growth for the fourth quarter. Ticket count growth was the larger contributor to our comparable store sales increase in the quarter, again led by the professional side of our business in line with the consistent strength we saw throughout 2024. DIY ticket counts also grew in the fourth quarter representing our best quarterly performance for the year as this side benefited from solid performance in maintenance categories and the favorable winter weather comparisons.
Brent Kirby: On a two-year stack basis, which smooths out the effect of the timing of impact of weather, fourth-quarter DIY traffic was down slightly in line with full-year 2024 trends. We believe our customer transaction count results lead the industry on both sides of our business, reflecting continued market share gains in a tough environment. Average ticket values were also a positive contributor to our comp growth in the fourth quarter and included a benefit from same SKU inflation of just under 1%. For the full year of 2024, our 2.9% comparable store sales increase was at the high end of the revised guidance range we provided on last quarter's call, but just below the 3% to 5% guidance we set at the beginning of the year. The sales growth achieved in 2024 was on top of the robust increases our team delivered in 2023 and 2022 of 7.9% and 6.4% respectively. Against the tougher industry backdrop, our team has worked diligently to double down on our efforts to provide the best customer service in our industry, allowing us to both sustain the business we have earned from our customers over the last few years and further grow our market share. Next, I want to transition to a discussion of our guidance for 2025, starting with our sales outlook. As we disclosed in our earnings release yesterday, we are establishing our annual comparable store sales guidance for 2025 at a range of 2% to 4%, and we want to provide a snapshot of how we view both industry and macroeconomic conditions in our prospects for the coming year. As we've discussed over the last few quarters, the current environment in the automotive aftermarket has been challenging but is not unlike other cycles we've seen over our decades of experience in our end. We operate in an extremely stable sector of retail and our customers are very resilient in periods of economic uncertainty. The dynamics of the car park also contribute to stability in our industry. Vehicles are engineered and manufactured to be reliably driven at higher mileages. This reliability, coupled with the substantial cost of replacement, creates a compelling value proposition for customers to invest in the repair and maintenance necessary to keep their existing vehicles on the road. The result has been a growing U.S. car park characterized by an increased average vehicle age, which combined with steady growth in total miles driven supports durable demand in the automotive aftermarket. Against this stable backdrop, our industry has encountered years similar to 2024, where industry-wide growth is hard to come by and positive sales momentum is only available through market share gains and industry consolidation. We remain confident these periods are short-lived and that our industry consistently rebounds due to the core strength of the demand drivers underpinned by the vehicle population. As such, we are optimistic in the long-term fundamentals of our industry and the prospects for conditions to improve as we move through 2025. However, we remain cautious regarding the possibility of short-term economic shocks, particularly pressure to the consumer from sustained high price levels, rapidly increasing interest rates, or energy cost spikes in gas prices, or other adverse circumstances. These considerations are built into our 2025 outlook and full-year guidance, but are particularly relevant as we enter the year on a similar trajectory to our 2024 exit and face challenging comparisons in the first quarter on a multiyear basis. Our focus as a company is to control our own destiny and drive our industry-leading results in any market condition and our performance this year will ultimately depend on our effectiveness in executing our business model and providing exceptional customer service. To that end, we expect both our DIY and professional businesses to be positive contributors to our comparable store sales growth in 2025. We anticipate stronger growth in professional from increased ticket counts driven by an expected higher industry growth rate on this side of the business, and by our ability to continue to capture market share. We also expect to be a DIY Share Gainer, but expect these gains to be offset by the long-term industry dynamic of pressure to ticket counts resulting from increased parts quality and corresponding extended service and repair intervals. As a result, we anticipate DIY traffic will be down slightly in 2025, but that a higher ticket value associated with the increasing complexity and quality of parts will drive comparable store sales growth in DIY similar to our experience in 2024. Our projected outlook for average ticket growth in 2025 assumes a benefit from same SKU inflation of approximately 1%. Consistent with our historical practice, we are assuming only modest increases in price levels from this point forward in 2025. A few moments, Brent will discuss how we view the potential for increased tariffs on our supply chain and margin outlook.
Brent Kirby: For now, I will just highlight that our sales assumptions exclude any changes in tariffs as it remains too early to project the impact on our business. Before I move on from our sales guidance, I would like to highlight our expectations for the quarterly cadence of our sales growth in 2025. We expect our quarterly comparable store sales growth to be relatively even throughout 2025 with relatively minor differences driven by more challenging headwinds in the first and fourth quarters. Thus far in the first quarter, our sales volumes are tracking in line with our expectations against the tough comparison to favorable winter weather in January of last year. Now I'd like to move on to discuss our capital investment and expansion plans. Our capital expenditures for 2024 were just over $1 billion in line with 2023 and marginally above our full-year guidance range, driven by the timing of spend on distribution infrastructure projects. Guidance at $1.2 billion. The increased level of projected investment is centered around our plans to accelerate our store and distribution expansion. Starting with our store network, we disclosed on last quarter's call our target of 200 to 210 net new store openings for 2025. The increase in new store openings reflects our continued strong new store performance and our confidence in our ability to successfully balance our organic growth with greenfield growth across our North American footprint. For domestic U.S. store growth, our projected new store openings are spread across over 35 different states, balanced between expansion in newer markets in the Northeast the Mid Atlantic and Puerto Rico as well as backfill in existing markets coast to coast. Our plans also include continued growth in Mexico. In 2024, we opened 25 new stores in Mexico bringing our store count to 87 stores and expect to open a similar number of stores in 2025. We are still in the early innings of our expansion in Mexico but we are gaining momentum and capitalizing on the opportunity to spread new store growth over several market areas, while at the same time also beginning to increase density in markets outside of our core historical base in Guadalajara. We are also building the development muscle necessary for Greenfield new store growth in Canada. Our 2025 target does not yet include a substantial number of new stores in Canada but the coming year will be an important one to build out the organic capabilities and advance the development of the new store pipeline that will fuel our growth in the coming years. Beyond the increase in our new store targets, we are also capital spend as a result of two additional factors. A continuing shift to owned new store growth versus leased stores, and incremental investments in our hub store network. Our ability to successfully open stores that increasingly generate higher sales volumes and stronger cash flows is driving enhanced returns on capital invested in our new store growth. In light of these strong returns, we are planning 2025 new store openings to include a projected 60% 40% mix of owned versus leased stores. We are also pleased with the returns we have generated through our ongoing expansion and enhancement of our hub store network. Our ability to support our stores with quick access to broad localized SKU availability is an important factor in our ability to effectively compete and take market share, on both sides of the business. 
Brad Beckham: Have executed our hub strategy for decades, One of the strengths of this strategy is our flexibility to adjust the number, location, and size of our hub stores to ensure our network provides our As such, our capital investment projections for 2025 include planned increases in the number and size of our hub stores. Second major driver of our 2025 CapEx outlook is our continued investment in distribution capabilities. The competitive advantage we maintain in an industry-leading inventory availability is fueled by our substantial investment in our distribution network and Brent will provide an update on our current distribution projects and expectations for 2025 during his supply chain update. Our store, hub, and distribution expansion represents the lion's share of the planned growth in CapEx for 2025 but also included in our outlook are continued ongoing investments to maintain and refresh the image and appearance of our store fleet as well as continued strategic investments in technology. As I wrap up my prepared comments, I would like to once again thank team O'Reilly for your unwavering commitment to providing excellent customer service every day in each of our over 6,300 stores. Now I'll turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Brad. I would also like to begin my comments this morning by congratulating team O'Reilly on a solid finish to 2024. Today, I will further discuss our fourth-quarter and full-year operational results and provide some additional color on our outlook for 2025. Starting with gross margin, our fourth-quarter gross margin of 51.3% was in line with the fourth quarter 2023. Which was within our range of expectations. Our full-year gross margin came in at 51.2%, which was down six basis points from the prior year and in line with our expectations. The year-over-year comparison includes the headwind from the inclusion of our acquired Canadian business. Which finished the year at the expected thirty basis point impact.
Jeremy Fletcher: Our 2024 gross margin also was also impacted by a mix headwind of approximately 11 basis points from the outsized strong performance in our professional business. These pressures were offset by incremental improvements in acquisition cost achieved through the efforts of our supply chain and operations teams, with outstanding support from our supplier partners. We have been pleased with our consistent solid gross margin results and expect to see further expansion of gross margin in 2025 as we lap our 2024 gains and anticipate additional opportunities to reduce acquisition cost. We also expect to continue to incrementally drive distribution efficiencies Based on these expectations, we have established a guidance range for 2025 of 51.2 to 51.7% representing an increase of 25 basis points over 2024 at the midpoint. We remain very bullish on our prospect to generate gross profit dollar growth driven by the premium value proposition that our supply chain, store operations and sales teams create for our customers. Our outlook for gross profit assumes a stable inflation environment and the expectation that our industry will remain rational from a pricing perspective. As Brad previously mentioned, we have not incorporated any impact from changes to tariffs. At this time, it is difficult to assess the exact timing, duration, and magnitude of any tariff provisions that will occur and the way that suppliers, competitors, and customers will respond to any changes. While it isn't prudent to adjust our forecast to quantify the different possible paths these developments could take, we remain very confident in our ability to manage effectively in a changing environment.
Brent Kirby: Our experience during the last round of significant tariffs in 2018 is a clear demonstration that our industry behaves rationally in response to increased acquisition cost. This rationality was further demonstrated during the period of heightened inflation From 2021 to 2023. We fully expect this dynamic to continue and anticipate our industry will have both the ability and the resolve to appropriately pass through any increased tariff cost. From a cadence perspective, our quarterly gross margin remained relatively consistent throughout 2024. And we expect a similar quarterly cadence as we move through 2025. Next, I want to provide an update on some supply chain and distribution initiatives.
Jeremy Fletcher: Our unwavering commitment to providing the best possible parts availability in the industry is a critical component of our business model and a primary contributor to our long-term success. This commitment is reflected in the continued investments we make in our supply chain, distribution network, hub store network, and inventory position. And 2024 was a very successful year for Tim O'Reilly in these areas. Of our distribution centers in Springfield, Missouri, and Atlanta, Georgia. To larger, more efficient facilities. Since our last earnings call, the new Atlanta distribution center, and we are extremely pleased with the seamless opening of this new facility.
Brent Kirby: This 690,000-square-foot facility will have the ability to service 350 stores with direct import processing capabilities and will further fuel our growth in a core market area for our company. We are also nearing the completion of our new Greenfield distribution center in Stafford, Virginia. And expect the SART providing exceptional service to stores in the mid-Atlantic region of this facility in the back half of 2025, As we've discussed earlier, the addition of this DC opens up a new section of the map and we are excited to lean into growth in these new markets. We are also making great progress on the expansion of our existing and are eager to improve the efficiency of this building and unlock additional capacity this project is complete at the end of 2025, The Finally, our capital investment outlook for 2025 includes dollars allocated to future expansion and development of our distribution infrastructure. We do not currently have specific details on the next slate of projects, but we continue to proactively align our distribution strategy in line with physical expansion of our distribution and hub networks, we are targeting inventory investments in 2025 as another key component of planned enhancement to our industry-leading parts availability.
Jeremy Fletcher: Our inventory per store at the end of 2024 was $799,000, which was up 5.5% from the end of last year. Driven by our continued opportunistic investment to support our sales momentum. In 2025, we are projecting an additional per store inventory of 5% with a little over half of that increase driven by the investments in our expanded distribution center and hub store inventory layers. The remainder of the increase is geared to capitalize on targeted additions to our stores to ensure that we're offering the best possible local assortment and inventory availability. Now I want to spend some time covering our SG&A and operating profit performance for 2024 and our outlook for 2025. Fourth-quarter SG&A expense as a percent of sales was 33.3%, up 68 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2023, This significant increase was driven by a $35 million charge representing 85 basis points to adjust reserves relating to our self-insurance liabilities for historic auto liability claims. As we noted in our press release yesterday, the adjustment relates to claims that occurred prior to 2024 and reflects adverse claim development spanning multiple years of exposure, to losses from accidents incurred in the operation of our store delivery fleet, Unfortunately, we have realized significant inflation in the cost to resolve these claims. This pressure coupled with slower development timelines, resulted in the need to make the significant adjustment we recorded in the fourth quarter. Both by our experience in administering and resolving these claims and also from revised assumptions that we use to estimate future liabilities.
Brent Kirby: While the charge was driven by significant increases in cost, on an average claim basis, rather than an increased frequency of accidents, we are taking all steps possible to improve safety, reduce accident rates and limit future loss exposure. Average per-store SG&A expenses for the full year of 2024 were up 4.6% with 0.7% of that growth reflecting the fourth-quarter charge. Excluding the adjustment for the pre-2024 auto claims, our per-store SG&A growth was in line with our revised expectations of 3.5% to 4%. And below the guidance range that we set at the beginning of the year of 4.5% to 5% growth. While we are certainly disappointed by the negative impact of the charge to our fourth-quarter results, are otherwise pleased in how we finished out 2024 and the productivity of the rest of our SG&A in the quarter. Which generated 18 basis points of leverage over the prior year on a 3% increase in SG&A per store. We look forward to 2025, we are planning to grow average SG&A per store by 2% to 2.5%. Which equates to 2.5% to 3% growth excluding the impact of lapping the fourth-quarter 2024 charge, Based on our SG&A expectations and projected gross margin range, We are setting our operating profit guidance range at 19.2% to 19.7%. Which at the midpoint is in line with our full-year 2024 results.
Audience: Since our guidance range implicitly assumes a year-over-year benefit of approximately 20 basis points from calendaring the fourth-quarter 2024 charge we are also expecting an offsetting pressure to operating margin.
Brad Beckham: Our SG&A outlook for 2025 anticipates the prudent actions our team will take to manage expenses to effectively in response to market conditions in a similar fashion to the steps that we took to adjust operating expenses down, as we moved through 2024. However, these expense measures are limited by our our expectation of modest pressure to wage rates as well as investments in key capabilities including the hub store and technology initiatives that Brad outlined earlier, We remain committed to investing in our business to grow market share and drive industry-leading results, We have been pleased with our ability to capitalize on our strong competitive positioning and sustain our industry-leading growth momentum. We'll continue to judiciously manage our capital and operating investments to drive long-term growth and high returns. As I conclude my comments, I would like to thank the entire O'Reilly team for Twenty twenty-four. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brent. I would also like to thank all of team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our company and our customers. Now we will fill in some additional details on our fourth-quarter results and guidance for 2025. For the fourth quarter, sales increased $264 million driven by a 4.4% increase in comparable store sales and a $66 million non-comp contribution from stores opened in 2023 and 2024 that have not yet entered the comp base. For 2025, we expect our total revenues to be between $17.4 and $17.7 billion. Our fourth-quarter effective tax rate was 19.6% of pretax income. Comprised of a base rate of 20.4% reduced by a 0.7% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the fourth quarter of 2023 rate of 17.7% of pre-tax income comprised of a base tax rate of 18.9% reduced by a 1.2% benefit per share-based compensation. The fourth quarter of 2024 base rate as compared to 2023 was higher as a result of the timing of recognition of certain tax credits. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 21.6% of pre-tax income comprised of a base rate of 22.9% reduced by 1.3% for share-based compensation. For the full year of 2025, we expect an effective tax rate of 22.6%. Comprised of a base rate of 23% reduced by a benefit of 0.4% for share-based compensation. We expect the quarterly rate to fluctuate due to variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation. And the tolling of certain tax periods in the fourth quarter. As we outlined in our press release yesterday, we have established our earnings per share guidance for 2025 at $42.60 to $43.10. Which reflects an increase over 2024 EPS of 5.4% at the midpoint. The year-over-year increase reflected in our guidance range includes both the benefit of calendaring the fourth-quarter 2024 self-insurance charge as well as the headwinds from the increase in our expected effective tax rate with the impacts from these items roughly offsetting Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results in 2024 and our expectations for 2025. Free cash flow for 2024 was $2 billion which was unchanged from 2023. Pressure to free cash flow in 2024 from the timing of tax payments and purchases of renewable energy tax credits which we were able to defer in 2023, was offset by growth in net income and a decrease in net inventory in 2024, versus an investment an investment in net inventory in 2023. For 2025, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1.6 billion to $1.9 billion The expected reduction in free cash flow is driven by the incremental capital expenditures and inventory investments Brad and Brent outlined in their prepared comments partially offset by growth in operating income. I also want to touch briefly on our AP to inventory ratio. Finished the fourth quarter at 128% which was down from 131% at the end of 2023, but marginally better than our expectations for the end of 2024. For 2025, we expect to see continued moderation resulting from our planned incremental inventory investment across our store and distribution networks, and currently expect to finish the year at a ratio of approximately 125%. Moving on to debt. We finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.99 times as compared to our end of 2023 ratio of 2.03 times with a modest increase in adjusted debt more than offset by EBITDA growth. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to be pleased with the And for 2024, we repurchased 1.9 million shares at an average share price of $1,072 for a total investment of $2.1 billion Since the inception of our share repurchase program in 2011, we have repurchased 96 million shares at an average share price of $264 a total investment of $25.4 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I open up our call for your questions, I would like to thank our team for their hard work and the commitment to excellent customer service that drives our success. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Matt, the operator, to return to the line and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Please press star one on your phone. If you wish to be removed from the queue, please press star two. To one question and one follow-up question. Your first question is coming from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Your line is live.
Joshua Young: Hi. Good morning, guys. Josh Young on for Scot. Good morning, Josh. Could you help us understand better morning. If you're sourcing exposure to China and Mexico, percent of COGS basis.
Brent Kirby: And then what are you guys hearing at this point from your vendors on price increase expectations? And how much would that proposed tariffs change that? Yeah. Hey. Hey. Good morning, Josh. This is Brent. I can start on that, and, these guys can add in as we we go through it. Yeah. You know, in terms of sourcing, obviously, the big the big question, nobody's got a crystal ball. Like we said in the guidance, we're don't anticipate tariffs, but we all know that there's some looming threat of that. So, you know, China, we're in the twenty five ish range sourced from China, twenty five, twenty six, mid twenties percent. You know, Mexico, we're in the high teens at this point. So we'll see how things go there. Canada, you know, you're you're talking low single digit, not not a real impact there. So but the thing to remember is, you know, as it relates to those Things were in many cases, we're not the importer of record, so we we work with our suppliers as those tariffs, if they get enacted, they get passed on, we're gonna work with our suppliers to negotiate you know, what that true impact would be to us in those in those situations. You know, several things that I give our our sourcing and our merchandising credit for, you know, over the last several years through COVID, and some of the challenges we faced and really even going back to 2018, 2019, when the first round of China tariffs went into effect, Our team's done a great job continuing to diversify our global supply chain and reduce dependency on some of the hot spots that we know about. And with our proprietary brands, and the growth that we continue to see in our proprietary brands, which are over 50% of our revenue now, You know, just managing that portfolio gives us the ability to source from multiple suppliers, multiple countries of origin, and to evolve as we need to, you know, in changing conditions. So while I think everybody is facing some of the challenges, obviously, anybody in retail is faced a lot of the the tariff questions right now and the challenges right now. I really feel like we're as well positioned as anyone to to effectively deal with those challenges and to, you know, work with our supplier partners to be able to that that may come our way.
Joshua Young: Yeah, Josh. Maybe the only thing that I would I would add to to that explanation is know, unfortunately, we're just kinda in a situation where where it's been a little bit of a moving target and it it's a challenge for us at this stage to to give you just a real complete picture on on exactly how that's gonna look for a lot of the reasons that Brent talked about. You know, also keep in mind that, you know, when we think about how our our COGS is comprised there, you know, there are pieces of that, like our distribution that that aren't impacted. So when we talk about those percentages, we're really talking about how we think about the the sourcing impacts that that come from that. I I think for us, the you know, the confidence that we have having been through a a couple cycles of more dynamic changes in how costs have run through our our supply chain that that Brent called out within his prepared comments, That puts us in a position where where it it's it's gonna be hard to anticipate exactly where some of this will settle. For sure, we've seen the the the first round of those changes in in in in some threatened, and we'll see where that that goes. As we move move through the year, but our our industry is just showing the the ability to to to leverage pricing power and and and put us in a position where those those costs can be passed through. Got it. Very helpful. Thanks, Josh. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Lasser from UBS. Your line is live.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. What drove your decision to guide your comp to two to four this year versus often guiding three to five at the outset of the year And should we interpret this as any signal that O'Reilly expects its growth rate to be slower in the future than it has been in the past.
Brent Kirby: Yeah. Hey, good morning, Michael. Great question. Thanks for it. Yes. So I think the biggest thing, we put a lot into our guidance lot of thought, a lot of science, and then there's an to to knowing what's going on in the streets and our opportunities versus our competitors to continue to take market share. I think the you know, obviously, the you know, we're as as excited as we are that our team was able to put up a a 4.4% comp in Q4, we had softer comparisons. And while the cadence of our months building into twenty five was pretty consistent, the week to week when you look at it week to week and you look at it kind of day to day, there's still just some choppiness in what we're seeing in the business. And you know, we still feel like there's a cautious consumer, You know, we we contemplated the fact that discretionary categories like like we talked about earlier, we're still seeing pressure to discretionary even though we're pleased overall with kind of the maintenance and repair factors. We we just we're heading into twenty five, just continuing to be cautious in terms of that lowering consumer DIY even though we have a lot of confidence in our ability to continue to take market share. So Michael, it's hard to think about exactly how we think about that in longer terms what we do know. I'm thinking about, you know, twenty five, twenty six, and beyond to the the second part of your question is that, you know, we're a sixteen, seventeen billion dollar company operating in a hundred and sixty-eight billion dollars industry in North America. And so while we do feel like we need to have some caution here, we know that our team has plenty of opportunity over the next many years to continue to play from a position of strength and and really drive and control our own destiny, both DIY and DIFM.
Michael Lasser: Thank you for that. My follow-up question is if we do assume that O'Reilly outperforms this initial range that it that it established, especially given the weather that's happened so far this year along with the opportunity to gain share in the wake of some store closings across the industry. How should we expect the flow through on upside to the comp guidance to to hit the P and L? Thank you very much. Yes. Thanks, Mike. Appreciate the question. At this point, We we're really in a position where we would need to link back on our guidance and how we think about how that approaches a range. And and just to understand as we move forward that if circumstances play out for us differently in in twenty twenty-five. And and, you know, sometimes they do. Certainly did last year. We're gonna have to evaluate what that looks like and what that means for our business as we move forward because that can take Any of a number of different different forms. For sure, you know, one of the big questions is is there gonna be some level of pricing benefit that you get that we haven't baked in just because of the tariffs that roll through and the persistence of that. You know, what does that have from a broader impact in the economy? What does that do from inflation levels, price levels, how does a consumer respond to that? There are lots of different factors that when you start to speculate as to how the year might go differently, could play in differently to how we think about what the the income statement looks like up and down. We would tell you that within the guided range of where we've talked about how we think we spend this year, That is always first and foremost focused on what do we think is prudent appropriate to take care of our customers with a high level of service? And that's the reason why that number we don't swing around substantially in lots of different areas because we're not focused on what the short term results are. We gotta make sure that we take care of our customers for the long term. But we we've also included some investments that we feel really good about as we move through the year. So the long and short of it is is that we'll see Our business has given us the opportunity to continue to be able to lean into growth and be successful and how that flows down through. But but but this year, you know, is there there are still some unknowns in in where know, we're gonna manage to it appropriately as we go through the year.
Brad Beckham: I think Michael just to add to that real quick. This is Brad. Just to wrap up, Jeremy said it very well, but as you know, comparable store sales, you know, can come in more than one form, meaning that, you know, if if we end up seeing additional inflation, then we have contemplated today, you know, in in that case, just for an example, you know, is you could see more leverage or easier leverage from that standpoint versus if we see an outside share gain, you know, we could continue to see leverage in that scenario as well, but we also reserve the right to if we see us controlling our own destiny, well with share gains and that driving our top line above and beyond, you know, we also wanna continue to look for opportunities to to lean in and and really lean into that customer service and make sure that pays off not just this year, but for the next many years.
Michael Lasser: That's super helpful. Thank you so much and good luck.
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Gregory Melich from Evercore ISI. Your line is live.
Gregory Melich: Hi, thanks. My first question is just looking at the quarter and when you think about this year, you mentioned that inflation same SKU was, I think, point nine percent in the fourth quarter. What what did you see from mix and complexity in the fourth quarter And and how is that trending as you think into twenty-five?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah, Greg, appreciate the question. We we did see same skew that that was just under 1% for us in the quarter. As as a top-line benefit, as we think about just the The impactors to our our gross margin rate from a a year-to-year perspective, you know, for sure, there was there was some degree of that that was that was driven by just the inclusion of vast the Canadian business center results and then You know, and then the mix from a customer perspective also saw some some more kinda, you know, kinda temporary pressures in in things like product mix just the seasonality of business and and a little bit of the categories that perform better a little bit of pressure in things like you know, our distribution cost side as we're working through a a couple facilities there that we relocated and had some exit costs in the Atlanta facility, some transportation pressures that happened there. But but but by and large, what we've been pleased with is the ability to to see you know, just kinda the steady incremental acquisition costs or improvements as we move through the the year just as a result of the ability with our with our supplier base to to create value and and and find good opportunities there. Okay. And, Greg, Greg, the only thing I would add to every hey hey, Greg. This is Brent. The only thing I would add to what Jeremy said, you know, there's some of the elements he talked about in the quarter know there were factors with gross margin in Q4. We we felt we're professional business costumer driven some of it was transitory in timing in some respects. Some of the things that he mentioned and and feel very good about our proposition on the cost side as we move into twenty-five. So that's that's what drives that normal increase. 
Gregory Melich: I guess my follow-up then would be, I've been talking about the margin already. What does it mean for the top line? I know in the past, you said that inflation and AUR expansion, average unit retail or, you know, mix complexity put together, could be a normal two to three points of comp. Do you think is that what we ended up doing last year for the full year?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah. Thanks, thanks, Craig, for the follow-up question. I realize now probably answered the second question first and I answered the first question second here. Yeah. I think our trends as we work through twenty-twenty-four and what we expect in twenty-twenty-five are are pretty similar. There is a a lift above above the inflation number, the same SKU number within our our average ticket value. That that that is a helper. It it was probably a little bit more compressed. In in twenty-twenty-four. Some part of that is is when we think about that ticket size is just a consumer that's a little bit more pressured might not add that that extra item to to their to their job. That that they may be able to do around with or or you know, that's not a lot of real trade down. We've talked about that a lot through the year. But but sometimes that can kind of squeeze the benefit that you get from complexity a little bit. We we think that that largely is is pretty normalized within with our results. We think that we'll be in decent shape next year to have a a a contribution if if you kinda think about it in in a few pieces both from just modest same SKU, a little bit of a complex benefit in the ticket, and then we do expect that with the professional growth that the ticket count will be a contributor as well.
Gregory Melich: Got it. That's great. Thanks, and good luck. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Greg. 
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is live.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys. Let's talk about regional performance and did you see any disruption in the west given the store closures that one of your peers is executing out there?
Brad Beckham: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, Bret. Yeah. Talk kind of about regional performance and then the second part of your question next. Yeah. Overall, when when we look at kind of the quarterly and we look at regional and division before, performance versus our internal plans and kinda what we were seeing from a weather standpoint. We really did not have any major standouts in the fourth quarter, Bret, in terms of regional performance, what you would kind of expect from weather benefits in some markets over others, but we were actually really pretty consistent. In terms of regional performance and no standouts one way or the other. Talking about the West Coast a little bit on the competition front, I I think it's still a little bit too early to kind of gauge how that's going. Our sales and operations team, anytime there's disruption in store closures, obviously, it's their job and they take a lot of pride in making sure if there's a jump ball, that, you know, that we're the first to that. In any case, we possibly can. I I think where I would kinda temper, you know, a little bit of that expectation in terms of any windfall from competitor closures and the fact that you know, what what we look at more so than just a share automatic share gain is is it's not just a jump ball and that's necessarily between us and one other competitor. Those markets are extremely competitive. There's a lot of independence and a lot of different players, especially on the professional side. And, with the volumes, we know are be being fairly low, in those instances, one thing to keep in mind is that we're gonna kinda take a look as we see those happening and and make sure that it's actually quality sales that's up for grabs. There may be some business that was being done that isn't the sustainable profitable business that we want, and there could be some independence and things like that that are willing to take that, or we may have some opportunities that's a little bit more of our type business on our terms. And so Again, you know, opportunity for sure, but we wanna temper that with just seeing how the remainder of the closures kinda play out. And just manage those expectations that we're gonna work smartly through that and make sure that what's available is our type business.
Bret Jordan: And I guess my follow-up's the competitive landscape as well. There's a lot of chatter in the fourth quarter about nontraditional retail competition. Are you seeing anything changing around the DIY market with you guys down in Arkansas pushing in the space, or is that pretty much status quo? 
Brad Beckham: No. I you know, Bret, good question. We we really haven't You know, you know, we you know, really what I think about our our best barometer, especially when Britt and I are looking at category performance and sector performances, you know, what we're seeing in maintenance is a a good kind of bellwether for us. Not that we don't take any anything that you know, a nontraditional competitor does for granted. We always wanna be monitoring those types of things. But really, what we're seeing in what we look at in in maintenance categories like oil and filters is extremely encouraging. And so we we don't feel like there's any issues there that we're aware of.
Bret Jordan: And, hey, Bret. This is yeah. Brett, maybe maybe just add one thing to Brad's comment. You know, in in those categories that that he talked about, you know, filters and and oil, some of those maintenance categories, we we continue to see strength. And just a reminder too, I think the primary competitor you're referring to, they go to market on price and and we go to market on service and availability and and we we continue to see a lot of strength and demand for what we how we go to market versus maybe just price along. 
Bret Jordan: Good point. Right? Appreciate it.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Bret.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Bellinger from Mizuho. Your line is live.
David Bellinger: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for the time here. Maybe a couple bigger picture questions, but we've we've noticed some more automation going into your distribution centers lately, more of a modernized approach. So should we expect any new buildings that come online to use those type of features? And is there any way you can quantify those benefits whether it's in terms of shaving delivery time, and replenishing more stores or some type of labor savings. Just anything there to help frame that up would be helpful.
Brent Kirby: Yeah. Hey hey, David. Good morning. Thanks for the question. This is Brent. I can start on that. Yeah. We we obviously, the two projects that we successfully completed this year, the relocations in Springfield and Atlanta, you know, we did include some goods to person automation. You you know, I I think the way we really look at that is we obviously, our distribution network is extremely important to our business model, and parts availability, and that time definite promise and and delivering on that time definite promise with accuracy and consistency. So what we added, I would just call kind of the evolution of distribution technology in in in when you think about the marketplace I mean, we've been using we're we're always looking at MHE. We're always looking at how do we be how how can we be more efficient, more effective in our buildings and that go whether that's sortation conveyors, things like that. So I I would couch, you know, maybe the investment in some of the things we've done more recently just ongoing evolution. Obviously, we see a cost benefit or we wouldn't be doing those things. As it relates to just labor overall efficiency and and accuracy. The thing I would tell you though, and and I think it's important to not get too overly fixated on one capability or technology that we may have deployed in one of our thirty plus distribution centers You know, we're never gonna have the same suite of of goods to person in every DC in the network. That's not where we're going. Always we look at every distribution center as you know, we look at the market it serves, we look at the the amount of skews we need in the capability we need to serve those stores, and how do we do that most efficient. Effectively and most efficiently and and that's really what you're seeing in in some of the recent investments we've made in some of that technology. So that's how we're looking at it, and, you know, we're gonna continue to always challenge that as we look at every DC project.
David Bellinger: Great. Thanks for that. And then just my follow-up, I'm I'm curious if you could talk about your exposure to gas and diesel prices in in the context of operating expenses. If if there is a period where we do go into a you know, lower energy price environment and materially lower But what type of benefit could you have on the SG&A side? Is there a way to size that up That'll be on top of the benefits you'd see also on the demand side. Just I'm talking about more internally, though. Is there a way that could help frame that for us?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah. It's not it's not an item that that typically, David, we quantify or that we we've drilled down into. I would tell you just from an order of magnitude, it's it's not a a huge mover. You you know, we've had periods of time when when gas prices and those types of input costs have have fluctuated, and it can be you know, it can be maybe a a a smaller order of magnitude helper or challenge if you see spikes there from an operating cost perspective. But our our teams have been able to manage that as a as a kind of a component piece of the overall spend, but it's it's it it it's an item that has to move pretty substantially for it to move the needle from a company-wide perspective. And we maybe had an instance or two of that in in the past, but it's not it's not usually something that's meaningful over a longer period of time.
David Bellinger: Got it. Thank you both.
Brent Kirby: Yep. Thanks, David. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Baker from D. A. Davidson. Your line is live.
Michael Baker: Thank you. Got to follow-up one. I'm just a little confused on on on the trend really this this quarter. We know there's a more difficult comparison, and the expectation, I think, then is for the first quarter comp to be lower, yet I thought you said that January is running Happy exit rate of 2024, which would be, like, 4.5% or 4.4%. I don't know if that's right. But, anyway, could you help clarify that? Thank you.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah. No. Thanks for the question. Absolutely wanna be able to clarify there. You know, when we talk about about the gains of our business, especially when we think about you know, really short period of time here in 2025. You know, our focus is always on how we think about the the day-to-day, week-to-week volumes of the business and how that that relates to the the trends that happened from just normal seasonality. So so when we say our business has been somewhat consistent, that that is on on that on that basis. To the extent that that was not the situation in the prior year, where where December of now going back to 2023 was was very light because of no weather, but January volume stepped up pretty substantially. Then then how the comp looks is gonna be different. And I would I I just explicitly tell you that the January comps are are below where the the December comps were at. It's just the the math that pushes through. I I think our point was that as we think about what our guidance for the full year should be and in the considerations that go into that that Brad talked about earlier, one of the places where we sit is we just think about the the volume of our business as we start the year. It looks similar to how last year looked with with some I'm sorry, with how we exited December, understanding that that to January type of time frame had similar weather. There weren't some of the the The swings in that, I think we had some favorable weather for for both of those. I think it's also appropriate to to remind everybody that that first quarter is is kind of a a it's kind of a a quarter of two weather seasons. It's how how does it start off with with winter weather and then it's always very dependent upon that that beginning the spring is is as tax refunds hit as we start to see the the initial spring weather and and when that hits, So there's a lot of variability as we move through.
Michael Baker: Yep. Fair enough. Okay. That really does help. Clarify it. One more. Just to follow-up on the inflation, We're starting to see some inflation in general come back and and as I look some of the CPI data for auto parts related sectors, it's starting to tick up. Yet you didn't really see that. You know, you're below one slightly below one percent. I think it was actually even less than one percent inflation on a like-for-like basis in the third quarter. And you're not expecting any pickup in in 2025 outside of potential tariffs. You know, any reason why, you're not seeing that increase in inflation that, you know, we're seeing generally in the economy?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah. I think at this point that the the broader move is still you know, somewhat minor. I know it's starting to tick up broadly. And and so just the timing of when those things start to happen, you can see a little bit of dislocation. You know, we're not an industry that that's going out and repricing a carton of eggs, you know, week to week or or anything like that. We we still largely sell a lot of products that have a slower turn. And and so I think you see adjustments more gradually over the course of time. And and there's nothing that we would call out in maybe the the broader landscape that tells us that we know we're we're we're back on on a spike of a new trend. I think some of what we've talked about as we think about the next year is that it's still to be determined exactly where we think that that broader price level story is gonna go from a from a total economy standpoint. And so I'm not convinced that we won't we won't see some ability to to to hold off inflation in the impact that that might have on our our business to be able to pass it through. That's largely the reason why we tend to not be too speculative in in how we think about our guide on future inflation that we haven't seen yet.
Michael Baker: Awesome. Thanks, Paul. Thank you. Very helpful.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Mike. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Stephen Forbes from Guggenheim Securities. Your line is live.
Stephen Forbes: Good morning, guys. I was maybe hoping to follow-up on this the self-insurance reserve adjustment And really as it pertains to go forward implications around servicing costs with within the industry, So so I think a high-level views on on how we should, you know, think about this cost factor for for not only yourself, but, you know, other participants in whether you know, rising insurance cost in a broader sense you know, could could drive more more accelerated consolidation efforts, right, or maybe a rise in attrition rates.
Stephen Forbes: Just, like, how is that insurance cost dynamic impacting the the the industry. Yeah. No. Thanks, thanks for the question. I think it'll be interesting to see kinda how it it plays out as we move forward. You know, for sure, what what we saw in our experience, we we don't think is is wholly unique to what's happening from a from a broader perspective. You know, I think we are somewhat unique or at least our industry is in the types of fleets that we run and the degree to which our professional business is supported by by that level. But that's also kind of a core fundamental part of how we provide value and take care of our customers. So I think it continues to be an item that that is important both for how we go to market, but then also an important cost for us to be able to mitigate, to manage, and to move through. I would tell you, of course, the time, we've had periods where where the rate of change here has been more accelerated. This is certainly one where there's more pressure than than there's normally been. But but there's nothing in in what we've seen that would tell you that we're we're not gonna be in a position to operate our business. And to operate in a safe manner that that helps us to to control this moving forward. We'll see. The the cost to resolve these types of accidents is what's really creating the pressure. But it it's it's a component of the cost to take for us to go to market, and we'll have to manage through the way that might change in the same way that we would any other part of our operating cost structure.
Stephen Forbes: Thank you. And maybe just a quick follow-up. Right? Given the owned versus leased store mix, for the twenty twenty-five store cohort, can you remind us of the capital cost difference between the two build types and and then comment on with the four wall EBITDA margin benefit is to those owned stores as we recalibrate the models. Yeah. So from a standpoint of just what the cost been looks like, you know, typically, we're gonna be in that three to, you know, maybe three three three four million dollar range for a known store, and that's inclusive of the the cost of construction development of the site and then how do you, you know, put equipment and computer systems, vehicles, those types of things. You know, depending upon the type of a lease that's that's substantially reduced, it you know, it's typically gonna be somewhere between Forwarded. Six hundred thousand dollars just depending upon you know, the the building and the condition that you get it in when when it's delivered. So pretty substantial difference. You know, we don't get down into the weeds too much on the specific store models as it relates to how we think about about our growth there. But but feel feel very good that both owned and leased provide a very important and primary use of capital. It's the best place over the long course of time we've been able to invest our shareholders' dollars and will continue to be for sure as we improved the performance of our new stores in those returns have been enhanced. It does make you know, in stores that much more of an attractive investment. Us.
Stephen Forbes: Thank you.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached our allotted time for questions. I'll now turn the call back to Mr. Brad Beckham for closing remarks.
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Matt. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued dedication to our customers. I would like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today, and we look forward to reporting our first-quarter results in April. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Ali, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Ali. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2024 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, guidance, target or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements, due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Brad Beckham.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brent Kirby, our President; and Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer; Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. I would like to begin our call today by thanking our over 92,000 dedicated team members across North America for their incredible commitment to our customers during challenging conditions. Our teams continue to deliver positive comparable store sales results and market share gains, which I will discuss in more detail in a moment. I'd first like to highlight the tremendous result our team showed, as they persevered through major weather events since our last call. Hurricane Helene at the end of our quarter in September, and Milton following shortly after our quarter end in October along with substantial flooding in North Carolina created some very trying circumstances for our teams, our customers and our communities. These events impact not only in the direct path of the storms, but also multiple teams across our store, distribution and support network, who actively prepare for the storms and navigate the recovery. Our business is built on people and relationships, and our relentless commitment to providing excellent customer service to our customers is more critical than ever in a time of need. Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the individuals and communities, facing significant challenges in the aftermath of these storms. I'm so very proud of the continued dedication of team O'Reilly to our customers, and we stand ready to do our part as these communities rebuild. As we noted in our press release yesterday, our third quarter comparable store sales increased 1.5% stacked on top of impressive 8.7% and 7.6% third quarter increases in 2023 and 2022, respectively. As impressive as our multiyear sales growth has been, our sales results for the third quarter of 2024 were below expectations in our high performance standards. We had a solid start to the quarter in July. However, sales softened at the end of the month, and these trends continued throughout much of August and September. As a result, the cadence of our sales performance relative to our expectations was fairly consistent during the third quarter with our team driving positive comp growth each month. We attribute the sales softness to a challenging industry demand backdrop, I'll discuss in a moment, and view the weather impact in the quarter as neutral with the exception of the final week in September, where we saw a modest headwind from Hurricane Helene. Overall, our comparable store sales growth continues to be driven by the strength in our professional business, where our team delivered another quarter of mid-single-digits comps. Consistent with the first half of the year, the majority of our professional sales growth is being driven by growth in ticket counts. Our team is continuing to generate these share gains on top of mid-teens professional comps in the prior year. In an industry built on service, availability and strong customer relationships, our ability to not only defend the share we have taken, but also to capture incremental business is concrete evidence of the incredible consistency and execution of our team. We are pleased with the sustained momentum we've been able to create in our Professional business and see a long road of opportunity ahead of us in what remains a highly-fragmented market. Our professional comps continue to be partially offset by pressure to DIY comparable store sales, which were down approximately 1% in the quarter due to negative ticket count comps. Average ticket values were positive on both sides of our business and included a benefit from same SKU inflation of approximately 1%. On a category basis, we remain encouraged by solid performance within maintenance categories such as oil, filters and spark plugs. We also continue to see customers prioritizing the better and best level products on the value spectrum, with as many customers trading up on the spectrum as those trading down to entry level products. Both of these dynamics reflect strong support of the value proposition for our consumers of maintaining and investing in an existing vehicle. The softness we are experiencing continues to be more pronounced in our discretionary categories such as appearance chemicals, accessories, tools and performance parts. As we've noted in the past, these categories did not comprise a significant portion of our business and typically are not primary drivers of comparable store sales performance. That said, this is an area where consumers can pull back when being more cautious with their spend and in turn create some volatility during pressure times. We are also seeing a trend of softness across some, repair categories impacted by cumulative wear and tear on vehicles. We firmly believe that, our experienced store teams, our professional parts people supported by our robust tiered distribution network offer the best combination of service and availability in the industry. We remain confident in our ability to outperform the market within these repair categories as conditions improve. While we are relentless in pursuing every opportunity to improve our service levels and capture incremental business, we view the results we are experiencing now as indicative of broader pressure across the industry. We believe current industry headwinds will be short-lived and remain confident in the long-term fundamental drivers of demand, supported by the value proposition of investment in the repair and maintenance of existing vehicles. Having experienced these cycles many times within our industry, we have confidence that, the pressure we are experiencing today is not reflective of any change in the core demand drivers in the automotive aftermarket. The North American car park continues to grow and age, and consumers place a heavy reliance on well-maintained vehicle to meet their daily transportation needs. In our view, the average consumer is still reasonably healthy, but we believe is exhibiting an element of caution, when managing their pocketbook in an environment of uncertainty surrounding price levels, macroeconomic conditions and an upcoming election. Caution as demonstrated by consumers is more impactful in our DIY business, as these consumers tend to be more economically pressured and perform work on their vehicles out of necessity. Our DIY customer base continues to represent slightly over 50% of our business. Even with the non-discretionary nature of most of the products we sell, we are not completely insulated from a consumer who is motivated to limit spending wherever possible. However, consumers in our industry are very resilient and eventually adjust to adverse economic circumstances, and will prioritize keeping their vehicle in good working condition. This is especially true as our customer base is incentivized to keep their existing vehicles on the road at higher mileages in order to avoid the cost of a replacement vehicle. While we are cautious that the current macro pressures could persist, as we finish out 2024 and enter next year, we are confident our industry will return to more historical growth rates in the short-term. Against this backdrop, we are tightening our full year comparable store sales guidance, and are now expecting a full year increase of 2% to 3%. This update reflects our third quarter performance and how we're viewing the remainder of the year. As a reminder, our fourth quarter can be quite volatile given the variability of winter weather and consumer demand dynamics during the holiday season as well as potential impacts this year from the November election. We do expect a benefit in the fourth quarter as we lap our easiest comparisons of the year and have one less Sunday in our quarter. So far, our October sales performance has been consistent with our third quarter trends and in line with our updated guidance expectations. It's important for me to note that, the update to our outlook has absolutely no impact on the attitude and aggressiveness of our field teams, as they demonstrate as they go to the market on a daily basis. No one inside our company thinks our high bar performance and the standards we have set are impacted at all by conditions outside of our company, nor do we change the amount of hustle we demand of ourselves each and every day. We are very bullish on the future of our industry, but more importantly, the tremendous opportunity our company has to grow our share of both the DIY and professional markets. We will continue to execute the playbook that has driven success for our company for 67 years and are more committed than ever to providing the best possible customer service in every one of our markets. As I wrap up my prepared comments, I'd like to once again thank team O'Reilly for your commitment to your customers, our company and to your fellow team members. Now I'll turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Brad. I would also like to begin by thanking team O'Reilly for their commitment to excellent customer service and focus on perpetuating our culture. Our team's ability to drive share gains in a challenging environment demonstrates both their outstanding professionalism as well as the value our customers place on excellent service and product availability. Today, I will give some color on our third quarter gross margin and SG&A results as well as our progress on expansion and capital investments. Starting with gross margin. Our third quarter gross margin of 51.6% was up 18 basis points from the third quarter of 2023 and in line with our expectations. Dilution from our Canadian business came in as expected at approximately 26 basis points on the quarter. We continue to expect approximately 30 basis points of gross margin dilution from the acquisition, along with 15 basis points of operating profit dilution for full year 2024. Our gross margin results included a headwind from the mix of DIY and professional business, which was slightly larger than anticipated, as the sales pressures we experienced were more significantly felt in our higher margin DIY business. However, we were able to offset this headwind with strong merchandise margin performance achieved through a combination of both improved acquisition costs and strong partnerships with our supplier base to manage our product offerings, including our proprietary private label brands. We would still characterize the acquisition cost environment as stable and would anticipate seeing a mix of both incremental cost improvements and modest inflation pressure as we finish out 2024. These cost dynamics are coupled with a pricing environment that remains rational across our industry. Given our solid performance in the first nine months of 2024, we are maintaining our gross margin outlook for the full year at a range of 51% to 51.5%. Moving on to SG&A. Our average SG&A per store grew 4.2% in the third quarter with the inclusion of Canada's operating results, again representing approximately 10 basis points of that growth. Our SG&A dollar spend for the third quarter was at the high end of our expectations, and drove a higher level of deleverage on the sales headwinds that we experienced. Our teams in the field continued to effectively balance excellent customer service with dialing in our staffing levels, to match business conditions and took appropriate steps to manage expenses as we saw incremental pressure to sales in the third quarter. However, our SG&A flexibility was limited somewhat by pressure that we saw in self-insurance cost for our retained exposure for vehicle liability, and property losses driven in part due to Hurricane Helene as well as a headwind from deferred compensation. Based on our year-to-date results in 2024 and updated outlook for the remainder of the year, we continue to expect full year SG&A per store to grow between 3.5% to 4%. This guidance range includes our expectation that our fourth quarter average SG&A per store growth will be at the lowest of the year, primarily resulting from a more fully-loaded comparison in the prior year. As we have managed our SG&A spend in 2024, our focus has been guided by an expectation that our high-level of customer service will drive robust sales growth over the long-term. The adjustments that we make to our SG&A spend are deliberate and measured, and we do not overreact to make dramatic adjustments that would negatively impact our customer service levels and long-term growth opportunities. Factoring in our year-to-date performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are updating our operating margin guidance and now expect the full year to come in within a range of 19.4% to 19.9%. The reduction from our previous guidance is driven by our third quarter sales performance and updated full year comparable store sales expectations. Next, I would like to provide an update on our inventory capital expenditures and expansion results. Inventory per store finished the quarter at $781,000, which was up 3% from both this time last year and the end of 2023. We continue to be pleased with the health of our supply chain, and our store in-stock position remains strong. We are leaving unchanged our 2024 target of 4% growth in inventory per store within our existing chain, excluding the impact of the acquired Vast Auto inventory. Our teams have been opportunistically deploying inventory throughout the year to supplement our store, hub and DC level inventories, ensuring that, we are offering the best inventory availability in all of our markets. We opened a total of 47 stores during the third quarter, bringing our year-to-date store openings to a total of 111. We are slightly behind our new store growth plan, as we have had some third quarter stores pushback due to delays in construction and final permitting. However, we remain on-track to open 190 to 200 new stores in 2024, and our new store performance continues to exceed our expectations even in tough market conditions. I am also pleased to announce our 2025 store opening target of 200 to 210 net new stores. New store growth continues to be an attractive use of capital for our company. Our disciplined approach to greenfield new store growth and our resulting success in generating high returns on new store locations is centered around one primary determining factor, the quality of the store team behind the counter the day we open the doors. We work hard to support our new store teams by executing a rigorous playbook to select great sites informed by local market characteristics, vehicle population and professional customer concentrations. We also ensure each location has our industry leading inventory availability right out of the gate. Ultimately, though, our success is all about assembling the right team to go out and win the business, both inside the four walls of the store and in supporting roles in regional sales and field leadership. Perpetuating our culture through a promote from within philosophy ensures that, we have engaged leadership teams with proven success in executing our store operating model. Moving on. Our capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2024 were $733 million, which is in line with our expectations, and we are maintaining our full year guidance range of $900 million to $1 billion. Our projects and initiatives continue to track as planned, and we are excited about the growth opportunities ahead of us in all of our market areas. I would like to extend congratulations to our distribution operations teams on the successful opening of our new Springfield distribution center in September, and we look forward to a successful opening of our new Atlanta Metro DC in the fourth quarter. It is exciting to see the growth in our distribution network with the relocation of these two facilities opening this year, as well as the continued progress on our new Mid Atlantic DC in Stafford, Virginia, which will open in 2025. I want to express my deep gratitude for the hard work from all the teams involved in the successful expansion of our industry leading distribution network. To close my comments, I want to once again thank team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our customers. Our team recognizes that, our success is dependent upon providing the best customer service in our industry, and I'm excited about the opportunities ahead of us. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brent. I would also like to thank team O'Reilly for their hard work during the quarter. Now we will cover some additional details on our third quarter results and outlook for the remainder of 2024. For the quarter, sales increased $161 million, driven by a 1.5% increase in comparable store sales and a $66 million non-comp contribution from stores opened in 2023 and 2024 that have not yet entered the comp base. For 2024, we now expect our total revenues to be between $16.6 billion and $16.8 billion. Our third quarter effective tax rate was 21.5% of pre-tax income comprised of a base rate of 23% reduced by a 1.5% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the third quarter of 2023 rate of 23.2% of pre-tax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.3% reduced by a 1.1% benefit for share based compensation. The reduction in our base rate was driven by the size and timing of recognition of benefits for certain tax credits. For the full year of 2024, we expect an effective tax rate of 21.8%, comprised of a base rate of 23% reduced by a benefit of 1.2% for share-based compensation. We expect the fourth quarter rate to be lower than the other three quarters due to the tolling of certain tax periods. Also variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Diluted EPS for the quarter increased 6% with our year-to-date diluted EPS increase at 7%. We have updated our EPS guidance range to a range of $40.60 to $41.10. The $0.15 reduction to our range is driven by our third quarter sales results and our revised sales outlook for the remainder of the year. As a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Year-to-date free cash flow for the first nine months of 2024 was $1.7 billion, in line with the same period in 2023 with growth in income, partially offsetting the expected headwind from cash taxes paid resulting from the timing of payment for renewable energy tax credits. For 2024, our expected free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at a range of $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion. Our AP as a percent percentage of inventory finished the third quarter at 129%, down from 131% at the end of 2023. This ratio was slightly above our expectations, driven by the timing of inventory investments throughout the year. We continue to expect to see moderation in our AP percentage through the end of 2024 and expect to finish the year at a ratio of approximately 127%. Moving on to debt. We successfully issued $500 million of 10 year senior notes in August. We finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR ratio of 1.96x as compared to our end of 2023 ratio of 2.03x with a decrease driven by EBITDAR growth. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5x and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program and during the third quarter, we repurchased 499,000 shares at an average share price of $1,084 for a total investment of $541 million. Year-to-date through our press release yesterday, we repurchased 1.6 million shares at an average share price of $1,043 for a total investment of $1.7 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. Before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to thank the entire O'Reilly team for their dedication to our company and our customers. Your hard work and commitment to excellent customer service will continue to drive our future success. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Ali, the operator to return to the line and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Good morning, guys. A question on supply chain with the Virginia DC opening and obviously you've got one in Devens, Mass. Do those two allow you to touch into that metro sort of mid-Atlantic Northeast New York market, or is there some additional supply chain expansion needed before you get to that white space in the Northeast?
Brent Kirby: Yes. Hi, Brett. Thanks. This is Brent. I'll start and these guys can join in. Thanks for the question. Yes. We're super excited about that Mid Atlantic DC. As you know, that opens up a corridor there of the Mid Atlantic that we've just have a lot of opportunities to continue to store up. And so, we feel like it's going to really pave the way for us to open up that corridor. To your point, when we think about the distance between Stafford and Devon's, they'll likely probably will at some point be another one that would be a fill in there, but super excited to get started on having that capability in that location.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Brett, this is Brad. I may just jump in real quick. Brent said it pretty well. But I think the way I think about it, we still have such an opportunity in the Northeast part of the country. Depending on where you draw the lines, you could come up with 1/3 of the population in the U.S. So we're extremely excited. Still have a lot of opportunity in New England. And then, when you get into Northern Virginia, the DC Metro, Baltimore, Philly, those type markets. I think the way I would see it is that, we're going to expand from the inside out from that Virginia DC. We're going to concentrate kind of right in those metros and not try to stretch ourselves too far out, too quick in between those two DCs. Those are extremely competitive markets. A lot of store opportunity, a ton of DIFM opportunity, a lot of retail opportunity, but we'll work those rings from a side acquisition standpoint in very tight bands of that Stafford facility.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then a big picture question on hurricane impact. I mean, it's sort of think about the net impact, obviously, store closures and short-term sales losses. But is demand creation from hurricanes enough to offset that? Are they at the end of the day a positive or a negative for sales volumes?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Good question, Brett. First and foremost, I have to say, like I mentioned earlier that, we couldn't be more proud of our teams. It's just been devastating to watch what's happened. We were fairly fortunate in the Florida market here of late, but had quite a bit of disruption with Helene, specifically in South Georgia and then up in Western North Carolina. We, obviously, especially in that last week there as Helene hit, we saw some disruption. But, I think what we would say, Bret, we're a little bit careful with us being disappointed with our comp overall. We wanted to be a little bit careful talking about too many puts and takes. We're not happy with a 1.5% comp, but if we had to put a number on it, it would have been pretty immaterial. It would have been possibly in the 10 to 15 basis points maybe in the quarter in terms of Helene. And then overall in the Q4, it's yet to be seen kind of what will make up there. But I think when you look at third and fourth quarter even with those bad storms, I think weather is a net neutral.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the question. Good morning, sir. Hey, Brad, anyone else. Good morning. I want to ask, you made the comment about headwinds should be short lived, and I think that makes sense. If you look at the industry, the industry got weak almost maybe a year, 3 quarters before your business got a little softer. So why does it flip soon? What about what confidence do you have? Is there anything about like a micro basis on failure rates? Or are there any markets that you have where you've had some softening and then a re-strengthening that you can point to like, help us think about timing. I know there's no crystal ball, but it's a tricky setup.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Great question, Simeon. I'll try to do the best, I can here. I think generally when you look back at, we don't want to live in pandemic times and we obviously saw a lot of success there. We've built our base, definitely several step changes there and on both sides of the business, obviously, more predominantly on the professional side. But when we think about a year like this, and again, we've said this a lot, you've heard us say it a lot, but in my 28 years in the industry and with O'Reilly, we've just lived this so many times that, while we're not happy with our 1.5% comp and really our year-to-date comp. The reason that I called out short-lived earlier is just because when we've lived this in an election year in times of higher inflation and all the things that have been on the consumer this year, which is the uncertainty. Once we get past the election and you think about how the inflation is moderated and a lot of things are piling up to the fact that, we feel even though we're not guiding to '25 obviously yet, we do feel confident that history repeats itself in our industry, and we continue to feel good that, we're going to get past this here soon and get back to kind of normal industry growth.
Jeremy Fletcher: Maybe, Simeon, the only thing I would add there, specifically, are we seeing anything in any granular way that's pointing us to that? At this point, we would say, no to that question. We want to be clear about that, given a 1.5% comp in the third quarter. We are at where we're at. The confidence that we have is what Brad talked about. I think though importantly, one of the things that you identified is, just as a company, our focus has always been how do we best manage through these periods to put ourselves in the best position possible as conditions start to improve to be able to be the first to capitalize and take advantage of that. We always want to be in a situation, where it doesn't seem like we're participating in the industry slowness until it's persisted for a while, and we want to be the first ones to come out of. And I think our teams have demonstrated the ability to do that over the course of time from a consistency perspective. And so I think, that coupled with what Brad said about what we've seen from an industry perspective over the long-term, gives us confidence that we're going to be well-positioned to move forward from this point.
Simeon Gutman: Makes sense. And then quick follow-up question on market share. Two years ago, the spread O'Reilly to industry was significant, it blew out. This year, we're still taking share. It looks like it's narrowed a little. When you -- as you approach how you forecast next year, first, do you always put a market share component into your own comp expectation? And then how do you figure where that lands? Is it a normal year? Just what are the puts and takes?
Jeremy Fletcher: Excellent question, Simeon, and one that we'll spend a fair amount of time on between now and next quarter when we provide our guidance for next year. For sure, our expectation is that because of the team that we have, our advantages from a distribution availability perspective and the momentum we've created that we think it is. Our entitlement to grow faster than the market. So for sure, you should have an expectation that as we finalize that work and let you know next quarter what our expectations are for 2025, that it will include a component of that consistent with where we've been really for much of our history.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. This has been a year where uncharacteristically O'Reilly has just misgauged the demand in the market and has had to die down a couple of times. Now, we're only going to be a few months away from how you're starting to think about 2025. If we go through the next few months, let's say, it's a normal season from a weather perspective and you don't see your trends improve, would you still be coming out at the outset of the year with a normal O'Reilly algorithm in the 3% to 5% comp range? And the second part of that question is, if the industry is going to have another sluggish year, next year, what does O'Reilly think the right level to comp is in order to generate sustained margin expansion on the expense side? Put another way, how low can comps be next year without having some deleverage? Will you see your SG&A per store still grow 2% to 3% or higher if indeed trends remain sluggish next year?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Michael. Thanks for the question. This is Jeremy. I think you're accurate in saying that the year like we're having this year is uncharacteristic, I think, for us for our history. Although, it's not completely unprecedented. We've had years like this, our industry has had years like this. I think for us, having a near-term focus to try to predict exactly the sequence and timing of exactly how the business performs and moves out of it is one that we've got some insight into. But frankly, we don't have the same -- we don't have that crystal ball that all of you don't have. We'll have to evaluate what our best read is, when we establish our guidance for 2025. It's a challenge to answer that from a hypothetical situation, because we do still have, I think, some pretty relevant time period between now and how we form kind of from a concrete perspective what those opinions are. I think that same answer applies to how we think about expense structure and what our REIT is on what overall cost levels are going to be next year and how we think the components of what our 2025 guide will be comprised, what benefit we might think we see in same SKU inflation in those things. I think maybe to step back from near term questions that try to pull forward our guidance setting process for next year and to just talk, I think, structurally on how we feel like we can operate our business and the profitability of our business. We still believe that we are positioned well to take share gains, to be productive in doing so and to provide strong returns for how we're investing in the business. And so I think as we put together those expectations for 2025, you'll see a similar conviction around the success of our business that we've had underlying our results for a long time.
Michael Lasser: Okay. My follow-up question is how much work are you doing today to prepare for the prospect of tariffs in the next couple of months? And how disruptive would be 30% to 60% tariff on goods coming from China and some degree of tariff coming in on goods coming from all other countries.
Brent Kirby: Yes. Michael, this is Brent. Great question. I can start and these guys can add in. Most recent point of reference we have on any kind of scenario like that would be back in 2018 when we had the tariffs 2017, 2018 before. Honestly, we were able to pass those increased costs through in selling price. And really, that wasn't just us. That was the entire industry, so it was kind of a nonevent in terms of some of those components. What I will tell you, since then and since COVID and through COVID, our teams, our supply chain teams, sourcing teams, merchandise teams have done a fantastic job continuing to look at alternate supply sources, countries of origin, we continue to leverage the strength of our proprietary brand portfolio to source from multiple suppliers. So I would tell you that we are less dependent on anything from China than we were, not to say that we still don't have some dependencies there we do and our industry does. But really proud of the work the team has done over the last several years to reduce that dependency. But where that does come into play, specifically with China, I still feel confident in our ability to pass those costs along where they may become a part of cost of goods.
Brad Beckham: Yes, Michael, the only thing I would add to reiterate, to Brent's point, is our supply chain teams, our merchandise team they put a solid playbook in place back to the years that Brent talked about, and they will be what they'll be, and it will somewhat be a level playing field for us and our competitors and everybody else we can compete against out there. And I feel really good that our team has the strategy in place to pass those along and do all the things that Brent talked about. So we feel good that we'll be able to handle that if it comes.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo.
Zach Fadem: This has been asked a couple of different ways, but taking a different angle here. Just curious as you look back over the course of the year, if you can pinpoint when specifically the deferred maintenance dynamic started to materialize in your data. And as you look to Q4 and beyond, any thoughts on what the drivers historically tend to be that unlock or catch up pent-up demand, be it lower gas prices, which we're starting to see today or weather. Any thoughts there?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Thanks, Zach. This is Brad. I'll kick that off and then let the other guys kind of clean me up here. But first off, I think if you think back to the last couple of quarters, for a long time there, even though we were seeing some pressure in discretionary going back a quarter or 2 ago. You mentioned maintenance. We actually are very pleased with our maintenance categories. We look at it more from the biggest part of our business is nondiscretionary failure, repair type jobs. Some of that stuff can still be a little bit delayed. We're fairly pleased with our failure and kind of repair categories. Maintenance has been really good. I called that out in my prepared comments, things like oil changes, oil filters, oil, spark plugs, things like that, maintenance. We haven't seen a lot of deferral. Now there could be some deferral in there and other parts of it could be later model vehicles that are somewhat offsetting that. There's a lot of moving pieces. Really, what we continue to see, but what we saw more pronounced in Q3 than we have year-to-date would have been even more so discretionary and then we saw a little bit more trade down. You've heard us talk a lot about actual trade up from good to better and better to best. We did see some offset in that in Q3, while we still saw customers trading from better to best. We did see some that we're moving down to some extent there in Q3. So that's kind of what I'd say and may laid Brent.
Brent Kirby: Yes. The other thing I would say, Zach, great question. I mean the trend has -- everything Brad just described has kind of been a theme that has continued to perpetuate throughout the year. And as it's continued to hang on, it's continued to have more of an impact. I think that's what you're seeing across not only our results in Q3, but the results of the industry in Q3 and comparable time frame. So the great thing about the industry is people are going to maintain their vehicles. And just Jeremy made the comment earlier, we're doing everything we can to be best positioned in those categories, maintenance, repair, failure categories you have the best inventory availability in every market we serve to have the best service in every market we serve and then to go out and earn that business as it continues to come back. But we know it will as the car park continues to age and people maintain their vehicles. So we feel good about where we are. I think the trend you're talking about is just the trend and it will begin to reverse as we all know. And when you look back to the tough historically tough years in this industry, the 2017s and the 2008, back in those time frames, when you look at the following year, nobody has a crystal ball, but when you look at the following year, that we did see a bounce back, and we did see the customer returns. So we're confident that, that is going to happen in this scenario as well, and we're going to be ready for it.
Zach Fadem: Got it. I appreciate the thoughts there. And then your outlook would imply some I guess Q4 year-over-year operating margin easing relative to the declines we saw in Q2 and Q3. You mentioned lower SG&A per store, so first of all, any colors on the drivers, be it slowing investments or otherwise? And then on your gross margin, you've had just really strong margin performance, offset in part by Canada. But any thoughts on this dynamic going forward?
Jeremy Fletcher: Zach, I think you've outlined the piece as well. It does start a little bit with just the top line expectations and the leverage benefit that you get is as you think through a quarter that does have the easiest comparisons from last year and at least, somewhat of a benefit from a weekday perspective with the Sunday. And even in gross margin, we feel like it's been consistent throughout the course of the year. We continue to believe that, that will be solid and in line with really the guidance we've said it all year long. Or at least our full year will come in, obviously, within that guide. From an SG&A perspective, it's not necessarily a change in the cadence of the investments. But as you remember, as we move through 2023, we ran up fairly significant within the course of that year. But things just like the depreciation overhang starts to run up against easier comparisons is a lot of those investments were in place before the fourth quarter and there's less of a year-over-year delta there for some of what we would have done in 2023, that we've been lapping more significantly in the previous quarters this year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: A couple of follow-up questions. First on the one last Sunday. If I recall, it's a pretty modest benefit and less than what others have quoted because of the mix difference. So can you talk about how much that is from a comp perspective? And does it roll into total sales or in comp? And then was there any benefit related to that in the third quarter?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. So third quarter was pretty even up from that perspective. Fourth quarter, when we have a Sunday difference can be a little bit variable just because the timing of the holiday can impact that, too. And usually, we would say it's somewhere in the, call it, maybe 30, 40 basis point range, depending on how you measure it, but that's a benefit to comp and total sales.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then on the tariff side, I think in 2022, you talked about total direct and indirect exposure to China of around 30%. Is that right? And maybe how far does that come down? And on the tariff side, I don't think the tariffs went away, and I think it was around 25%. Is that right? And if it does go up to 60% to follow on that prior question, like the consumer does feel like they sort of had it up to here in terms of taking inflation what gives you the confidence that you'll be able to pass that through?
Brent Kirby: Yes, Chris, good follow-up on that. This is Brent. I can start. A couple of thoughts there. We think about the China exposure, that has been significantly reduced, probably in the tune of 500-plus basis points to where it was several years ago. So like I said earlier, we feel confident with the work the teams have done there to help reduce some of that exposure. And to your point on the percentage, who knows where -- what those percentages will be. And it's hard to set and forecast a scenario we haven't seen before what that would play through at, especially at a percentage as high as 60%. At this point, I have to believe where we were able to pass it on in the 20%, 25% range effectively in the past that we still have the ability to do that as we move forward. If there's a tariff out there that is excessive to the percentages you're talking about, that may be a first for the industry, and we'll have to see how we deal with that at that point. But I think that's a little bit into the future for me to be able to make a comment on at this point.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Chris, I think the only thing I would add there is historically, our industry has been very disciplined in how we pass through those cost increases. And the demand that meets those higher price levels is very resilient because of the critical nature of transportation needs. And so if you have a failure on your vehicle, you're going to need to replace it and you're going to need to move forward. I think what is most undetermined what we'll have to see is just the broader impact to the consumer because it's not obviously just what we sell that could be harmful from an inflation perspective. Would we see a weakened consumer that now has to adjust and find ways to save money wherever they can? So that's where we think that in the past, when a consumer has been under pressure, they still have to make repairs. But with that broader pressure, cause them to try to save money and defer in some way or trade down. And those are things that are kind of the second level of effects that we're yet to see. But that would be probably more likely to have an adverse impact to our consumer base than the industry not being very disciplined because we always have -- because of the inventory investments required, the inelasticity of what we sell.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist.
Scot Ciccarelli: You did make the comment that new stores are exceeding expectations. Given that factor in the broadly higher construction cost environment that we are seeing, can you provide any kind of update in terms of how people should be thinking about new store economics, i.e., store costs, new store productivity, payback, et cetera?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. No, I appreciate that question, Chris. We usually -- oh, Scot, I'm sorry, we usually get don't get too detailed on the specifics of that model other than the cost of the new stores. And when we own the store, that's kind of approaching that $3 million perspective now. I think for us, historically, that model has just continued to improve from an economics perspective, we feel good. And that, in part, informed some of our decision to be a little bit more heavily into own stores over the course of this year and what you've seen in the mix of our new store count. Just the productivity both from a ramp perspective and then just kind of that kind of mid-level maturity point at 5 or 6 years has continued to trend well. And for sure, over the last few years, that's been the beneficiary of a rising tide within our total business. But we've been pleased that that's continued to be resilient even as we've had a little bit more challenged year.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Scot, this is Brad. Just maybe to reiterate, I appreciate you asking about growth. We're really excited to announce our 200 to 210 at new stores for 2025 continues to be our best way to invest in our business. And when we talk about the productivity and we talk about the ROI, it's on those new costs. I mean in the last couple of years, yes, we've seen a lot of lot of inflation in construction costs, but we continue to be even more pleased even on those new numbers. And so our teams are just doing an incredible job with site selection. Our construction teams continue even though they've had a lot of headwinds from an inflation standpoint and the cost of build standpoint, rent factors, things like that. They've continued to look for ways to get more efficient as we continue to scale. And then our field teams continue to put together just unbelievable teams backed up with our supply chain and our regional DCs and our hub stores. And that all equals even though we've seen a lot of inflation. That's why we're ramping up. I couldn't be more happy with those returns, and that's why we're ramping up to 200 to 210 for '25.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Steven Zaccone with Citi.
Steven Zaccone: I wanted to focus on the potential recovery in the business. How do you think that plays out, DIFM versus DIY? You've mentioned looking at history that you see a bounce back after some years of softness. How do you think that plays out by the different segments?
Brad Beckham: Yes, great question. Steven, this is Brad. So even though we weren't necessarily pleased with our performance on either side of the business, I kind of to kind of kick off the question. I want to frame up that we're -- we feel really good about the way our teams continue to take share on the DIFM side. And so when you think about the overall market getting back to norms over the short to midterm here and the way the complexity and all those things are going to weigh in on people being able to work on their own stuff. We continue to see an opportunity on both sides. It's obviously going to be out on the DIFM side. And so I think, generally speaking, the DIFM business, most likely is going to stay a little bit more resilient. That said, the -- I think it's balanced with the fact that the DIY business has been more impacted. And so when that consumer comes back, it could come back in a reasonably good way. And there could be some catch-up to do. There could be some things like that. And so generally speaking, I think DIFM is going to continue to stay a little bit more steady and resilient. But I also think that DIY, while it's a little bit more uncertain, I still feel like it has plenty of opportunity to get more healthier in the next 12, 18 months.
Steven Zaccone: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up on the DIY side. I'm sure you've gotten the question in the past, but some of the mass channel and the warehouse clubs, we've heard about them getting more competitive. Have you seen that impact your business at all as you think about maybe pricing or just overall traffic?
Brad Beckham: Yes, sure. So those type competitors, they're -- they kind of dabble or pedal in some of our lines. A lot of that stuff is the more discretionary types of less hard parts and things like that, that would be tough overall for them to compete and have the SKU proliferation and things like that. But really, we saw a huge opportunity, as you know, during the pandemic, where some of those were closed and service was closed, and so less people were going through kind of their parts section, so to speak, at the mass retail. And there's no doubt that we saw some recovery from those folks. They do a good job on a lot of fronts. But nothing necessarily happening different in 2024, Steven. We saw some of that happen over the last couple of years. And so we have our head in the sand if we said we didn't maybe give a little bit of that back. But when we look at what we did during the pandemic versus mass retail, when we talk to our store team members and we look at our CSAT scores and we look at customer data and what customers are telling us, most of that, what we aim, we continue to see is very sticky. Customers continue to tell us that curbside has worked very well for them, buy online, pick up in store. Continuing to not have to go get stuck in a big parking lot going into a big box versus being able to get into our neighborhood store in and out, professional parks people trusted advice. So we continue to have a lot of confidence, but the majority of that was sticky. Those folks are always going to sell commodities. They're always going to be very sharply priced, but we continue to have confidence in our ability to overcome that with our service model in our smaller box.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. So I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Brad Beckham for closing remarks.
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Ali. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work and dedication to our customers in the third quarter. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year results in February. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Holly, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Holly. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our second quarter 2024 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, guidance, target or similar words. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Brad Beckham.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brent Kirby, our President; and Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer; Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. I'd like to begin my comments today by thanking our team of over 91,000 hard-working professional parts people across North America for their continued dedication to our customers during a challenging second quarter. As we will discuss during our call today, our second quarter results were below our expectations as we faced broader headwinds to demand in our industry. However, we are pleased with the job our teams did to uphold our commitment to providing top-notch customer service to our customers on both sides of our business. Despite a sales performance that fell short of what we have come to expect, we continue to outperform the industry. This is the direct result of our team maintaining a high level of attention to detail and doubling down on their efforts to provide even better service to our customers. We finished the second quarter with a 2.3% comparable store sales increase on top of a 9% in the prior year. The pressure to topline sales also negatively impacted our operating profit and earnings per share results and we have revised our full-year outlook for these metrics as outlined in our press release last night. Though our results were below our expectations for the quarter, we were still able to generate increased operating profit and EPS on top of several years of robust growth. We now expect our full-year EPS to come in within a range of $40.75 to $41.25 with the adjustments reflecting our results in the second quarter and revised full-year comparable store sales and operational outlook. At the midpoint of our updated range, our guidance represents a forecasted 7% increase in full-year EPS, which matches our EPS growth in the first half of 2024. Our ability to generate solid EPS growth in a challenging macro environment, especially in light of the comparison to the 15% growth we delivered in 2023 is a testament to the continued strong execution by Team O'Reilly. Now I'd like to dig in further to our results in the second quarter by walking through the details of our sales performance, starting with our cadence of sales in the quarter. As we discussed on our last call, our quarter started off with sluggish results in April as we faced headwinds from cool wet weather during the spring selling season. The softness in our business persisted into May, which we believe reflected broad-based pressure throughout the industry. As we entered June, we saw improved trends driven by strong performance in hot weather-related categories. On a week-to-week basis relative to our original guidance expectations, June represented the strongest performance for our quarter. So far in July, sales trends have remained solid with weather benefit we saw in June, moderating somewhat as we compare to similar favorable hot weather in July of last year. Our comparable store sales growth in the second quarter was driven by continued strength in our professional business, where we delivered yet another quarter of mid-single-digit comps. While increases in average ticket values were positive contributors to comps on both sides of our business, the majority of our professional sales growth was fueled by robust growth in ticket counts. Our results in the second quarter came on top of prior year comparisons to mid-teens professional comps in 2023, and we attribute our robust two-year stack performance to our industry-leading customer service and inventory availability. We continue to be excited by our team's ability to leverage the momentum we created in our professional business, and we remain bullish on our prospects to compound our share growth in what remains a highly fragmented professional market. The strength in our professional business was partially offset by headwinds in DIY comparable store sales, which were down just shy of 1% for the quarter from pressure on ticket counts. Average ticket values on both sides of our business benefited from modest same-SKU inflation of less than 1%. From a category perspective, our results for the quarter were highlighted by the strong performance in hot weather categories, including batteries and HVAC as well as solid performance in maintenance categories like brakes, oil changes and spark plugs, which we believe reflects the ongoing priority our customers are placing on keeping their vehicles on the road and running well. The sales softness we experienced in the quarter was more pronounced in the discretionary appearance and accessory categories. These categories comprise of a small percentage of our business and typically are not primary drivers of our comparable store sales results. However, demand for these products is more susceptible to volatility in periods where consumers are pressured and that dynamic contributed to our sales shortfall in the second quarter. We also saw some sluggishness on both sides of our business in certain undercar hard part categories, which performed below the company average. These types of repair parts are impacted by cumulative wear and tear and have been key contributors to our professional sales growth and share gains over the past two years. While we still believe we are performing well in these categories relative to the industry, our results in the second quarter maybe indicative of temporary pressure across the broader industry. Against this backdrop of mixed results in our business for the first half of 2024, we continue to have confidence in the long-term fundamental drivers of demand for our industry, but also remain cautious about the current market environment. We still view the average consumer as relatively healthy with strong employment and wage rates underpinning the ability of our customers to invest in the repair and maintenance of their vehicles. However, we also believe we are seeing some level of conservatism in how consumers are managing their spend as they face the cumulative impact of elevated price levels and uncertainty about the broader macroeconomic conditions. Historically, more challenging periods in our industry are characterized by this type of short-term adjustment on the part of economically constrained DIY consumers. That said, we are cognizant of the potential that demand could be impacted during the back half of the year if this economic uncertainty persists, particularly during an election year. Given this outlook and the trends we have seen in the first half of 2024, we are lowering our full-year comparable store sales guidance to 2% to 4%, which reflects both our second quarter results and our updated expectations for the third and fourth quarter. We believe the pressure that our industry is experiencing will prove to be a short-term headwind. Our experience through multiple similar cycles in our company's history gives us confidence that the core drivers of demand for the automotive aftermarket remain very solid. The size and growth of the car park in North America coupled with the quality of vehicles and a continually rising average vehicle age drive resilient demand in our industry. We expect to see continued steady growth in total miles driven, underpinned by population growth and the critical nature of the daily transportation needs of vehicle owners. We also believe that the value proposition for continued investment in an existing vehicle has never been higher and that consumers will continue to prioritize funding the cost of repair and maintenance of older, higher mileage vehicles. Ultimately, the macroeconomic conditions we face do not affect our company's philosophy for how we execute our business model. We have instilled an ownership mentality throughout our organization. Our run it like you own it philosophy does not accept external pressures as an excuse when there is still market share to gain in every local market, simply by outhustling and outservicing our competition. Even though we believe we gained market share in the first half of 2024 in a tough environment, I can guarantee that none of our teams in our stores, distribution centers and offices are satisfied with a 2.8% year-to-date comparable store sales increase. Our teams are committed to putting in the work, it takes to win every day in every one of our markets and remain hungry to achieve performance that matches the high bar we have set as a company. As I wrap up my prepared comments, I would like to once again thank Team O'Reilly for your commitment to our customers, our company and to your fellow team members. Now I'll turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Brad. I would also like to join Brad in thanking Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our company's success and their steadfast commitment to excellent customer service. Our team's ability to gain market share in a challenging industry environment is a testament to their professionalism and dedication to our customers. Today, I would like to begin my comments by discussing our second quarter gross margin results. For the quarter, our gross margin of 50.7% was down 53 basis points from the second quarter of 2023 with approximately 35 basis points of the decrease driven by the acquisition of our Canadian business. As a reminder, the acquired Vast-Auto business operates a higher mix of distribution sales to independent parts stores at substantially lower gross margins. As we have worked to align their financial reporting, we now expect the headwind to gross margin from the addition of their results to be slightly higher than our original expectations with 30 basis points to 35 basis points of dilution anticipated for the remainder of 2024. However, our outlook for the net impact of the acquired business is unchanged, and we still expect only a 15 basis point headwind to operating profit in 2024. Excluding the impact of the Canadian business in the second quarter, our gross margin results came in below our expectations, driven by a few different factors. First, the category composition of our sales that Brad outlined earlier, resulted in a product mix margin headwind as some of the solid results we saw in maintenance products carry a lower margin than the pressured undercar categories. We also saw some pressure to distribution costs in our gross margin from the deleverage of fixed cost on the below planned second quarter sales. Finally, our second quarter results include a slightly larger-than-anticipated headwind from the mix of DIY and professional business as the headwinds we saw to sales were more significantly felt in our higher margin DIY business. While we are cognizant that we can experience these types of puts and takes in any given quarter, our outlook on the core drivers of our gross margin performance is unchanged. We continue to be confident in the stability of both acquisition costs and selling prices of our business and believe we have the ability to incrementally improve gross margins by delivering on premium value proposition we create for our supplier partners and customers. In the second quarter, we saw a stable acquisition cost environment with the anticipated mix of incremental cost improvements and modest inflation pressure. Pricing remains rational in the industry and we expect it to remain so in the future. Based on our results for the first half of 2024 and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are maintaining our full-year gross margin guidance range of 51% to 51.5%. Turning to SG&A. Our second quarter results reflect prudent and appropriate expense management by our teams against the softer sales backdrop. On an average per store basis, our SG&A grew 2.8% in the second quarter with approximately 10 basis points of that growth driven by the inclusion of Canada's operating results. Our SG&A spend was below our original outlook for the second quarter as our teams effectively balanced our unwavering commitment to deliver industry-leading customer service while also prudently dialing in the appropriate staffing levels to match our business. While we are certainly not pleased with the deleverage of our operating expenses resulting from pressure to comparable store sales, we remain committed to maintaining a high standard of customer service and will not make dramatic adjustments to our SG&A spend that would negatively impact our ability to serve our customers. One of the greatest resources as an organization is the professionalism and experience of our store team leaders. An excellent example of the strength of our leadership bench is the quality and tenure of our group of over 600 district managers who each have responsibility for an average of 10 stores. Our district manager group averages more than 14 years of service with Team O'Reilly. And each of these leaders is actively engaged on a daily basis to identify and capitalize on opportunities to enhance the service we provide to our customers while also optimizing the productivity of the dollars we spend in each of our stores. Our ability to execute our business model at a high level and over 6,000 stores is the direct result of the broad-based experience and industry knowledge across the company. We believe that our consistency in delivering excellent customer service in all market conditions, driven by this experienced leadership team has been critical to our long-term success. Ultimately, our customers require and deserve a high level of service regardless of the broader market conditions. Our commitment to work that much harder to earn their business in a challenging environment, simply represents another opportunity for us to develop strong long-term relationships and grow our share of the business over time. As we look to the back half of 2024, we are cognizant of the sales volatility we could face, as Brad discussed earlier and expect to continue to judiciously manage SG&A expenses to match the business environment. Based on our results thus far in 2024 and updated outlook for the remainder of the year, we now expect full-year SG&A per store to grow between 3.5% to 4%, down from our previous guidance of 4.5% to 5%. This guidance range assumes a more moderate impact from the addition of our Canadian business of approximately 0.2% of per store SG&A growth, which is revised from our previous expectation of one half of 1%. While our updated SG&A range reflects our current expectation for the rest of 2024, we will continue to adjust as appropriate. Based on our first half performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are updating our operating margin guidance and now expect the full-year to come in within a range of 19.6% to 20.1%, which is a 10 basis point reduction from our previous guidance. Before I conclude my comments, I would like to provide an update on our inventory and capital expenditure and expansion results. Inventory per store finished the quarter at $767,000, which was up just under 1% from this time last year and 1.4% from the end of 2023. We continue to be pleased with the health of our supply chain and our store in-stock position remains strong. We are leaving unchanged our 2024 target of 4% growth in inventory per store within our existing chain, excluding the impact of the acquired Vast-Auto inventory. We plan to opportunistically add inventory in the back half of the year to supplement our store, hub and DC level inventories ensuring that we are offering the best inventory availability in all of the markets that we serve. We opened a total of 27 stores during the second quarter and remain on track to open 190 to 200 new stores in 2024. During the first half of the year, seven of our 64 new store openings have been in Mexico, bringing our store count in Mexico to 69 stores with an expectation to open an additional 15 to 20 stores in the back half of 2024. While our footprint in Mexico is still relatively small, and we are still only in the early innings of our growth, we continue to be excited about the attractiveness of the Mexican market and our prospects to grow a strong and profitable business there over time. We are also very excited about our new business in Canada and continue to be pleased with the partnership that we have formed with our Canadian team. Capital expenditures for the first six months of 2024 were $475 million, which is in line with our expectations with a heavy weighting towards our ambitious plans to invest in new store and distribution expansion projects. To close my comments, I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our customers. Our success is dependent upon providing the best customer service in our industry, and I'm confident in our team's ability to maintain this very high standard and deliver a strong finish to 2024. Now I will turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brent. I would also like to add my thanks to all of Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our company's long-term success. Now we will cover some additional details on our second quarter results and outlook for the remainder of 2024. For the quarter, sales increased $203 million, driven by a 2.3% increase in comparable store sales and a $70 million non-comp contribution from stores opened in 2023 and 2024 that have not yet entered the comp base. For 2024, we now expect our total revenues to be between $16.6 billion and $16.9 billion. Our second quarter effective tax rate was 23.3% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 23.9% reduced by a 0.6% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the second quarter of 2023 rate of 22.5% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.3% reduced by a 1.8% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full-year of 2024, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 22.4% comprised of a base rate of 23.2%, reduced by a benefit of 0.8% for share-based compensation. We expect the fourth quarter rate to be lower than the other three quarters due to the totaling of certain tax periods and variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the six months of 2024 was $1.2 billion, in line with the first half of 2023, with growth in income offset by a lower benefit from a reduction in net inventory this year versus 2023. For 2024, our expected free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at a range of $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion. Our AP as a percentage of inventory finished the second quarter at 130%, down from 131% at the end of 2023. This ratio was slightly above our expectations, driven by the timing of inventory investments in the first half of the year. We continue to expect to see moderation in our AP to inventory percentage in the back half of 2024 and expect to finish the year at a ratio of approximately 127%. Moving on to debt. We finished the second quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR ratio of 1.97x as compared to our end of 2023 ratio of 2.03x, with the decrease driven by a reduction in borrowings under our commercial paper program. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5x and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program. And during the second quarter, we repurchased 784,000 shares at an average price of $1,012 for a total investment of $794 million. Year-to-date through our press release yesterday, we repurchased 1.3 million shares at an average share price of $1,020 for a total investment of $1.3 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, our EPS guidance Brad outlined earlier, includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I close my comments today, I have one final item to cover as it relates to our Investor Relations function at O'Reilly and the change we will be making to our team. After more than 15 years as our Head of IR, Mark Merz will be transitioning into another key role with our company. Many of you who have interacted with Mark closely over the years understand that in addition to his duties managing our investor engagement and communications, Mark is also a senior leader in our finance team and a key partner to business leaders across our company. Beginning in a few months, Mark will be leveraging that deep experience and knowledge of our business as he takes on a new role as an in-country leader in our Mexican operation. As we continue to grow our business in Mexico, we have an opportunity to build on a strong foundation for success and growth in what we believe will be a large and important market for our company. In this new position, Mark will be taking on a key senior leadership role, working in tandem with our growing leadership team in Mexico. We plan to make this transition at the end of our third quarter, so Mark will continue to serve in his current role and be available to answer your questions about our business and second quarter results. During that process, he will also be managing the handoff of our primary Investor Relations contact function to Leslie Skorick. Leslie is a tenured O'Reilly team member with over nine years of experience with our company and currently heads up our tax function as Senior Director of Tax, but will now be adding Investor Relations to her duties. Mark and Leslie will be managing this hand off over the next couple of months, including the opportunity for you to meet Leslie at our upcoming Analyst Day in August in Chicago. In addition, many of you have interacted with Eric Bird, another senior leader on our finance team, and he will continue to serve in his same role as an additional point of contact to support engagement with our investor community. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Holly the operator, to return to the line, and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys, Scot Ciccarelli. Two quickies.
Brad Beckham: Hi, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi. You talked about softness in your discretionary goods. Can you provide more color on what percent of mix you consider discretionary and how negative those sales were down mid-single digits high single digits, low double digits, et cetera? And then secondly, I may have missed it or misunderstood it, but I thought you said you expect Canada to be more dilutive to gross margins than originally expected. But that you're maintaining your full-year gross margin guide. Can you just help reconcile that? Thank you.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Scott. Thanks. This is Jeremy. I'll jump in on the first part of the question and you guys might be able to help me on the other one. On the discretionary categories, we mentioned in our prepared comments, and it's pretty common. Those even accumulated are a smaller portion of our overall company chain. It's not typically a big driver, and they were down more significantly than the rest of our group. We don't really quantify individual category or comments, but we're pretty substantially pressured versus where we saw the rest of the chain. And because of that, even though it's a small piece, was enough to be, I think, a mover of the overall comp when typically they don't  when they don't have that impact. But overall, it's still I would tell you, a minor part of our overall business. As we think about your second question, from a gross margin perspective, we did see just as we lined out how we would roll Canada's numbers in and got more familiar with their operations to roll in. I do expect that there'll be a little bit more dilutive than what we've normally seen. But had a decent amount of that, obviously, already built into our guidance range. So it becomes one of the puts and takes as we think about what gross margin looks like in the back half of the year. Similarly, some of the things that Brent pointed out in his prepared comments, are also things that we view as more transitory items over a longer period of time, things like mix between our categories and how our teams are able to manage our DC cost to leverage our things that typically we can see level out and don't think we'll create as much pressure. We continue to think for the back half of our year, that being able to be a favored partner for a lot of our suppliers gives us opportunities from a cost perspective. And as we've built that into the plan, we expected that accumulate some benefit over the year. And while we've  while we've seen some amount of that so far in our year, our outlook as we think about that is an offset or that we think will be a contributor in the back half of the year and those kind of all move into how we think broadly about our gross margin outlook being in a position to be relatively stable for how we thought about the full-year with just kind of more short-term items here in the quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli: Understood. Thank you.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Scot.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: The next question is from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI.
Gregory Melich: Hi, thanks. I wanted to follow up on the July trends. I think you guys said it was  remained solid, but it sounds like it might have been not as good as June. Would that be fair?
Brad Beckham: Well, hey, good morning, Greg. This is Brad. I think what we want to balance on just kind of the exit rate coming out of June and heading into July, like we mentioned, when we look back at our original guidance and our internal plan kind of week by week as we said it at the beginning of the year, June was the best performer from that aspect in the quarter. And like I mentioned earlier, we feel solid about the trends as they rolled into July. I think what we want to balance that with a little bit, Greg, is just making sure when we say  when I say solid, that's relative to how the year has gone so far as well as how we feel about our guidance, adjusted guidance for the remainder of the year, which we feel really good about. There's been a couple of moving pieces in July that make it a little bit of a tough read. We're a few weeks in, still a lot of quarters to go. And the way that July  or excuse me, the 4th of July holiday layered in that first week. It's always a little bit hard to tell just from a category mix and a business mix. But overall, we feel really good about how we started the quarter.
Jeremy Fletcher: The other thing to keep in mind there, too, Greg, is that the timing of the weather benefit that we've seen so far this year compared to prior year saw really a shift in the second quarter. We're probably up against some of our more challenging comparisons in all of the back half here as we work through July because that's when  if you remember, in 2023, we saw the hot weather come on and the benefits you got. And it's always a challenge. We're always reluctant to try to draw in too many conclusions and extrapolate off of a two, three year period when that hot weather, it just impacts in a different way over years as it comes in. To Brad's point, we feel confident in what we think the read is just broadly across our business outside of some of these fluctuations, and that's really what's informed how we think about the back half of the year, not just kind of a short look at a week or two.
Gregory Melich: Got it. That's great. And then my follow-up was you mentioned certain undercar parts for a week. But you're still gaining share there. I guess what do you think is going on? Are people deferring doing some of these larger ticket undercar things? Or is there some trade down going on there?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hey, Greg. This is Brad again. Great question. We called that out. When we look at our business really on both sides of the business, but we look at professional, especially these last two or three years, we have really taken a lot of share. When we look at the data we look at from a share perspective and those undercar, underhood, but specifically undercar hard part category lines, we're going up against some unbelievable compares and then you start to think about maybe a little bit of a mild winter in the last couple of years and you look at those categories. I think what we're seeing is, to answer your question directly, is some deferral. So I think there is some deferral with those high ticket service items on both sides of the business, but especially in the repair shops. What we're still not seeing, Greg, and Brent may want to help me here, what we're still not seeing is the trade down that you asked about, a little bit of deferral but not trade down our line design.
Brent Kirby: Yes. And Greg, just to kind of build on Brad's comments, when we look  and it's something we've obviously watched closely with some of the pressure on the consumer that's been in the news. When we look at our good, better, best progression across our product lines. We still  as we've reported in prior quarters, we still see actually a migration to best and out of good and better, which is interesting given the consumer backdrop. But to Brad's point, I think where we're  part of what's driving some of that is higher-end batteries, AGM requirements. There's some different things in the industry that are driving we feel like some of that migration of the continuum in terms of getting into the better and best categories. Some of it is also, for us, anyway, has been driven by our proprietary brands. When we look at the growth there with SYNTEC, our synthetic oil proprietary brand, the growth there in units and [quartz] as it continues to penetrate. We launched BrakeBest Select Pro import direct brakes continue to grow there in that best category. So we continue to see customers migrate there. They see value and they see quality in the box. Where we have seen a little bit of  we talked about  Jeremy talked about discretionary categories a minute ago, but think about wipers for your car. We did see units were fairly consistent in Q2, but dollars showed some trade down there. People moving more down to the middle, lower level. And if you think about it, your wipers are more of a nuisance than something that's really critical to having your car on the road. But if it's streaking you're going to replace it and we did see some evidence in a category like that where people were looking for maybe an option that was a little bit more in the good or better range. But generally speaking, that's kind of what we're seeing.
Brad Beckham: And Greg, I may just one more thing, cap that. And just back to the root of your question, on the some pressure we've seen on the undercar categories. We still feel good about our share and our share gains when we look at the data we look at.
Gregory Melich: That's great. A lot of great color there, guys. Congrats, Mark, on the new role and have a good quarter.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question for today is from Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. Congratulations, Mark Merz. Do you think another round of either price or expense investment is necessary in order to maintain or perhaps even accelerate your market share gaining from here, especially if the industry goes through a period of protracted softness as we've seen in the last couple of quarters? Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Great question, Michael. Thank you so much. The answer  the short answer to the first part of your question there on pricing is no. We feel really good about the decision we made. It's been almost 2.5 years ago now to make the strategic investments into our professional pricing initiative. And as we've said many times, we felt so good about those investments, not because of just the competitiveness of our on the street price compared to the independents. But the way that we, as a company, back that up with our professional parts people our best-in-class delivery service in terms of turning bays and getting cars off the rack for a customer. But all the work our territory sales managers have done in the last many years as we've always done, just to make that price that's always third and fourth down the list to really make those things pay. We had to do the other things that much better from a service relationship and then all the work that our supply chain teams have done to continue to keep us best-in-class in inventory availability. And we feel like all that has paid off greatly. But like we've said many times, we don't feel that, that is necessary to continue our share gains. I think what we're seeing right now is simply some pressure on the consumer. We don't feel like anything has really materially changed from the way we compete. The way that our investments are paying off. Not seeing a lot different. We have tough competitors out there, but we're $16-plus billion company operating in an almost $150 billion industry, and we don't see any other price investments necessary to take us to the next level. When we see times like we're seeing this year where things are a little bit tough we see unique opportunities to take share in other ways. And I just maybe  with the second part of your question, in terms of other investments, we continue to invest. We continue to invest in staffing, though our teams did a phenomenal job managing SG&A this quarter based upon the sales results. We haven't backed off our investments and initiatives. And those initiatives are really centered around taking the friction out for our team members and our customers. And so really we're going to continue to invest in all the strategic initiatives, but I don't feel like there's another round of price initiative necessary.
Michael Lasser: Okay. My follow-up question is what do you think the catalyst is to accelerate growth across the industry? Is it just getting into the fourth quarter with comparisons to ease and then put the  the calendar to get in the next year? And if this period of softness persists into next year as the industry gives back some of the gains in the last few years. What's the minimum level of growth in SG&A per store that O'Reilly can manage through just so we can probably calibrate our model? Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Great. A couple of other great questions, Michael. Well, as far as the catalyst for  I'll take the first part, and then I'll let Jeremy help me out on the back part. I think on the first part, Michael, I think we have done such a great job controlling our own destiny in the last many years. And obviously, we've had some amazing share gains. And we're not resting our laurels. I mean, I also don't want to hide from the fact that yes, as we continue to comp the comp and lap all these share gains, the fact of the matter is we've decelerated some in terms of the overall continue to take the same amount of share year after year. But I don't think  I think it's still yet to be seen how others will report for the next quarter or two. But we're seeing nothing that says that we're still not continuing to take share. When we look at category data, when we look at market data, we still feel really good about our share gains. And again, I think time will tell based upon how others report how we're doing on that front. It's always hard  a little bit hard to tell, obviously, with the independents and the OE dealers and things like that. But we see a constant catalyst to continue to build our teams better, give better service and just continue to do what we do. When I think back, Michael, to the toughest years we've had from a macro perspective in my 28-year career with O'Reilly some of our toughest years are the biggest opportunities we had to kind of build our own catalyst going into 2025. There's times that when things get tough, there are certain competitors, not always our public competitors that over react to on the expense front, and they don't do as good a job of staffing their stores, staffing their delivery vehicles. They can overreact on inventory levels and things like that. And so I actually believe the biggest catalyst we have is just being our own worst critic internally, looking ourselves in the mirror in terms of our execution and our team is fully committed to putting the things in place that it's going to take to drive continued share gains.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Maybe, Mike, just to add a little bit to also what Brad said. If we think about just the broader dynamics in the industry, we've seen periods of time like this in the past before. But we have a lot of conviction around the long-term strength, the core fundamentals that drive our business and having been through many of these cycles, we know that our industry is very much supported by the ability to support a consumer that's economically constrained and give them an option to conserve part of their monthly budget that needs to go into other areas because they can keep their cars on the road. The question around what the right SG&A spend is or where we leverage. It's always a challenging one for us to answer. We don't put a fine point on it because it depends on the markets and the circumstances we're in, what broader level of inflation looks like overall  obviously, we don't  we don't provide that long-term outlook or guide into 2025 versus where we're at today. I think what's more important for us is what  what Brent touched on in his prepared comments and that we've got a team that very effectively manages how we think about the cadence and pace of the business and appropriately dialing in our operations to address the business when it gets a little bit soft, but to do so in a way that does not sacrifice really the value proposition, the relationships, the service that were the needs that the consumer do not change in these type of environments. So we're always going to be able to balance that well while you're making sure that we're investing in the long-term for our business. And feel  and feel confident that whether that we're in a higher inflation environment, lower inflation, whatever that might look like that we can manage well the productivity of our spend to support our results.
Michael Lasser: Thank you very much and welcome Leslie.
Brad Beckham: Thanks.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: The next question for today is from Steven Forbes with Guggenheim Securities.
Steven Forbes: Good morning.
Jeremy Fletcher: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Forbes: I wanted to follow up on the  I wanted to ask about the case of store opening this year. I was curious if it's being impacted by any of your initiatives, distribution related or so forth. And then given the expected number of openings in the back half implied any reason for us to think that the number of openings could increase into sort of the out years here, especially given your commentary around growth in Mexico? Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Yes. No. Thanks, Steven. I'll say a few things and let Brent jump in. But no, nothing has changed on the store front  on the store growth front in the U.S. or Mexico or Canada. We still feel really good about the pace of our new store openings. First half of the year has gone really well. Still feel good about the back half. So nothing out there to slow us down or speed us up necessarily. We really still feel like we have the right number in terms of store openings domestically and internationally and feel good about how we're going to end the year.
Brent Kirby: Yes. The only thing I would add, Steven, to everything Brad just said is we continue to invest in our distribution infrastructure as well to support that store growth. We've got the three active DC projects out there that we've talked about with relocation of two existing and then one brand new there in the Mid-Atlantic that we're working on. So we're continuing to  that pipeline is going to continue in the foreseeable future at the same pace we're seeing now.
Steven Forbes: And then maybe just a quick follow-up to Michael's question, maybe asked a different way. We think about how the employee mix has shifted sort of full-time versus part-time over the past few years. And would it help us frame up, right, sort of what that has done to the fixed versus variable cost structure of the business, right, as we potentially may be entering a period of more moderate growth sort of another way of asking Michael's question, but it does appear right that there could be some pressure on expenses. And so any way to sort of frame of how we think about the fixed cost structure versus variable cost structure of the business.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Thanks, Steven, for that question. It's an interesting one. We still feel like we've got a solid amount of flexibility in how we manage the process to dial in our staffing levels to take care of customers. Right the potential flexibility headwinds that you might talk about because of the higher  full-time mix of our business, we think, really becomes offset by the productivity in the high service levels that those team members provide. And we still have with a large chain in lots of different locations and just the normal turn over our business. It gives us opportunities to dial in those levels as we need to. But over the course of the last few years as we have as we have invested not just in how we think about what the right full-time part-time mix is in our business. But as we've thought about how we compensate our teams and how we manage our managers work schedules as we've invested in benefits and those types of items, the overall quality of our store teams continues to  we believe, operate at a very high level and operate at a high level that's effectively managed by a lot of very seasoned team members and leaders within our company, as Brent pointed out in his comments. And that allows us, on a very distributed basis to know that we're executing the playbook, running our business model in the right way and can manage through these periods of time with a solid amount of flexibility. Clearly, we've talked about this quarter. We've talked about it several times over the course of last year. We're not going to over compensate that we're not going to over adjust and do something that would create a service shortfall at all. We're not  when we talk about softness in our industry from a sales perspective, these are not huge movements in candidly, they don't matter to our customers. If sales are a little bit soft, they still need a high level of service, and we won't sacrifice that. So there are limits to how you manage that broader cost structure. But for sure, we feel comfortable we've got a great leadership team in place to dial that into the right level.
Brad Beckham: Yes. And maybe, Steven, just to build on what Jeremy said or maybe just to put a point on it is that we feel really good about the work that Jason Tarrant and our store operations leaders have done as we came out of COVID, and we kind of drew a lot in the sand as we increase that full-time mix as well as just made our retention and even higher focus. It's always been a huge focus at O'Reilly. You can't have professional parts people if you have turnover on the counter. It just doesn't work. And so we feel really good about those investments we made in not only full time, but all our initiatives come out of COVID, the slow down that store turnover. And we've made a lot of progress. We feel really good about the progress. We feel like it's paying off in productivity, customer service levels and the stability of our business. Still work to be done. It's an ongoing thing to continue to work on that retention. But really feel good about those investments and the work that the store operations teams have done.
Steven Forbes: Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Your next question is from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So my first question is maybe turn the industry growth question around a little bit. Do you think that weather was a net benefit or a net headwind to the category and your growth in the second quarter here? Because I know June got a weather benefit, but you had a pretty late spring in the north. So as you're trying to disaggregate the underlying trend of the business, how do you think about the influence of weather? And then related to that, as you saw about July's solid performance, are you also seeing that on the DIY side of the business being better than what you experienced in the second quarter?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Chris, on the question around  I would say it's probably a net positive in the second quarter just because the hot weather comes on and oftentimes, that first round of extreme weather gives you a little bit of a boost because it gets the first piece of the failures there. As we look over the balance of the first half of the year, candidly, that's probably informed more how we think through where the overall industry has been because it has been choppy. There's been lots of different puts and takes that you'd attribute to weather. But as we've said multiple times over the course of time, a lot of that stuff evens itself out as you put periods on top of periods. And so we think it's likely to have been more neutral there, although for sure, lots of puts and takes. And we'll see the balance of the back half of the year. As you move further out of summer and you have a little bit less of those impacts, obviously, until you get into  into the winter and our compare is a little bit softer at the end of the fourth quarter as it relates to that. But that's really how we would kind of frame out that broader question.
Christopher Horvers: And then on the DIY into July versus what you experienced in the second quarter?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. We don't want to parse July too much for all the reasons that Brad talked about a lot. I would tell you the composition of the business, really, the thought process between DIY and professional has been pretty consistent as we move through the year. So a lot of those categories that we talk about that are benefited from a hot weather perspective. We saw solid performance on both professional and DIY side.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then following up on an earlier gross margin question. So just to clarify, did 2Q benefit from lower product acquisition costs like  and I guess, how  if it didn't, it sounds like you're expecting that to happen in the back half of the year. So is there some sort of accounting like waiting for the inventory turn? Like, was there anything unique in the second quarter on that side that turns that to a benefit as the year progresses?
Brent Kirby: Yes. I can start on that one, Chris. When we think about product acquisition costs, as we've continued to move past COVID and into a more normalized environment, we've got some suppliers out there that are still facing wage pressure, labor production pressures, raw materials, those kind of things. We've got some that aren't, some that are getting more efficient, getting better. So I would tell you, it's been what I would say back to a normal version of some puts and takes with acquisition cost navigating through all the typical things that are out there in that environment. As we think about how we planned the year, we planned the back half of the year to be probably even more normal than the first half of the year when you think about how we built the plan. So we anticipate that to continue to play out the way we see it now. So that's what I would tell you there on the acquisition cost side. I would tell you it's not  and we're not in a point where we're seeing a bunch of deflation there, but we are seeing a normalization there.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. And Chris, there's nothing unique from an accounting perspective. There was a net benefit in the second quarter. We just think incrementally to Brent's point, we can add to that as we move through the back half of the year.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. So year-on-year gross margin should be pretty similar in the back half of the year?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I mean, we feel comfortable with where our guide is at and obviously, what that implies for the back half of the year.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Hi. Thanks for slipping me in here. So some shorter-term question, so I apologize, but maybe just a follow-up in on Chris' question as well. But can you help us understand better? You talked about the business solidifying or strengthening in June. How much stronger June was than the prior two months in the quarter? And then my second question, with the moderation of the guidance, because that reflects primarily the weakness in the first half of the year? Or you're actually also moderating expectations for the second half of the year?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. No, thanks for the questions, Brian. I'll take maybe the second one first. It reflects both. Just as it works out, our back half will be pretty similar within our implied guidance to our first half of that just based upon  if you think about it from a midpoint perspective. So it's not just the flow-through of our results so far, but how those have been formed what we think our outlook for the remainder of the year is along with, obviously, what we see in the business and how we perceive that to be. As we think about the cadence of the quarter, I think Brent said it well in his prepared comments, April and May were both softer, they were both our expectations as the heat came on June. June performed better and more in line with what we would have looked for as we entered into the quarter, certainly not a situation where we significantly outperformed our kind of longer-term expectations for the year. In the quarter, it was a little bit more of just a normalization back towards what our expectations would have been. But that's sort of the right way to think about the cadence of the impact month-to-month.
Brian Nagel: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Brian.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Brad Beckham for closing remarks.
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Holly. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work and dedication to our customers in the second quarter. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Matthew, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]
 I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2024 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. 
 Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. 
 At this time, I would like to introduce Brad Beckham. 
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brent Kirby, our President; and Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call.
 I'll begin our call today by thanking our over 90,000 team members for their relentless dedication to providing the knowledge and expertise our customers have come to expect and rely on from the professional parts people at O'Reilly Auto Parts. We are truly in a people business where relationships and customer service are paramount, and Team O'Reilly continues to demonstrate their ability to outhustle, [indiscernible] and, in turn, outperform our competition. We finished the first quarter with a 3.4% comparable store sales growth on top of a 10.8% in the prior year. Our continued strong top line sales results are dependent on and driven by consistent daily execution across all of our 6,200-plus stores in the U.S., Mexico, Puerto Rico and now Canada. 
 Driving continued growth in our store volumes does not get easier as our company gets bigger, especially as we build on the significant market share gains we have captured over the last few years. Our single greatest challenge as a company and the driving factor to our success is our ability to build and develop teams and leaders who will be the standard bearers of our culture far into the future. 
 Our leaders across our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices are relentlessly dedicated to perpetuating our culture and investing in our people. Thank you, Team O'Reilly for your commitment to our customers, our company and your fellow team members. 
 Now I'd like to start our discussion of the first quarter by walking through the details of our sales performance. Starting with comparable store sales, our growth of 3.4% in the quarter was within our full year guidance range, but slightly below our expectations as we saw some volatility I will discuss in more detail in a moment. We drove solid performance and positive comps in both our DIY and professional businesses in the quarter with the mid-single-digit comps in Professional being the larger driver of our results, consistent with our expectation and ongoing trends. Increases in average ticket values and ticket counts were both contributors to comp growth on both sides of our business with inflation at about 1%, in line with our full year expectations. 
 Next, I want to provide some color on the cadence of our sales results in the first quarter. As we have discussed in the past, our first quarter can be volatile as we see variability in our business from both the type and severity of winter weather and from the timing of the onset of spring. We were pleased to generate positive comparable store sales results in each month of the quarter. However, we did experience the choppiness that can be characteristic of first quarter, especially as we exited with a slow start to spring. As we reported on last quarter's earnings call, we produced solid results in January, which benefited from harsh winter weather in many of our markets. 
 Moving past the winter weather in January, our business was negatively impacted through much of February by the timing of individual income tax refunds. Typically, we see a benefit starting early in February and ramping through the month that coincides with the distribution of tax refunds. However, there was a noticeable delay in the processing of refunds this year that pressured both sides of our business. These pressures moderated as the cumulative amount of refunds begin to catch up to the prior year, and we saw improved trends at the end of February in the first half of March. However, we also experienced unseasonably cool wet weather throughout March across many of our markets. As a result, March and the full quarter finished slightly below our expectations. The trends we saw as we exited the first quarter, have continued into April as we still really haven't seen the uptick in our business that typically accompanies sustained favorable spring weather. 
 The choppiness we saw in the first quarter more significantly impacted DIY business, which is in line with what we have seen historically. Our DIY customers are often working on their vehicles in their driveways, so weather conditions can impact their ability and willingness to perform repair, maintenance and tune up items that may have been on hold during the winter. While our DIFM business was also impacted by the delayed timing of tax refunds, our professional customers tend to be more insulated from weather pressures and the volatility on this side of our business was more muted during the quarter. 
 We continue to be pleased with the performance of our professional business even as we face very challenging comparisons. As we outlined in our full year guidance on last quarter's earnings call, we are seeing an expected moderation in professional comps as we calendar significant share gains that drove a professional comp performance that exceeded 20% in the first quarter of last year. Against these challenging comparisons, we believe our professional results in the first quarter of this year reflect continued share gains. We are excited by our team's ability to leverage the momentum we have created in our professional business and continue to grow our share of what remains a highly fragmented professional market across all of North America. 
 Now I'd like to provide some comments as to how we are thinking about the sales outlook for the balance of the year. As I noted previously, the volatility we have seen so far in 2024 is not uncommon for our business in the first quarter. As many of you listening today have heard us say before, we are cautious not to overreact to choppiness at this point in the year. As we move forward, we expect any weather-driven variability will moderate and business will normalize into the summer selling season. Given this outlook, we are maintaining our full year comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5% and would also expect our quarterly comp results to fall within the same range. 
 Inherent in our guidance expectations is our belief that demand for our industry is resilient and our end consumer continues to be reasonably healthy. In situations of heightened economic pressures, we believe consumers will continue to prioritize investing to maintain their vehicles, particularly given the significant cost and monthly payment burden of a new or replacement vehicle. We believe the composition of our sales results support this view of the consumer in the current environment. 
 We are encouraged to see broad-based performance across our category mix with continued strength in categories such as oil and filters as consumers continue to prioritize recurring maintenance jobs. Additionally, we are not seeing notable evidence of trade down within our categories, rather we are seeing better and best level value spectrum products continue to perform well as consumers prioritize higher-quality products that carry extended warranties and in turn, provide long-term value to their investment in transportation. 
 However, we still remain cautious of the potential deterioration in the broader macro environment that could push consumers to begin more carefully considering where and how they spend their money. Our experience gives us confidence that these demand headwinds are short term. And over time, the consumer will continue to prioritize their transportation needs given the value proposition that is present. All of this being said, we will not settle for industry average growth or allow our teams to accept macroeconomic pressures as an impediment to growth. We know there is substantial opportunity to gain a bigger piece of the pie in our industry and the mission we have set before our team is to be the leader in all of our markets and on both sides of our business. 
 Before I move on from our sales discussion, there are a few items I would like to call out as discrete impacts to our sales. First, the Easter holiday shifted into our first quarter this year, which was built into our plan and met our expectations as a headwind of approximately 20 basis points to comparable store sales on the quarter. 
 Next, we received the benefit of an additional selling day as a result of leap day in the first quarter of 2024. We exclude the impact of leap day from our comparable store sales calculation, but this benefit was included in our total sales guidance and came in as expected, representing 125 basis points of our total sales increase of 7.2% on the quarter. 
 Last, we closed on the acquisition of Groupe Del Vasto on January 22, and their operating results from that point forward are included in our reported numbers. The first quarter total sales increase benefited by approximately 70 basis points from the inclusion of Vast-Auto sales results, which are also excluded from our comparable store sales like Mexico. 
 Moving on to diluted earnings per share. We are increasing our full year EPS guidance to a range of $41.35 to $41.85. Our lift in EPS guidance is driven by the gross margin and SG&A results that Brent will cover next as well as a lower-than-planned tax rate and the impacts of shares repurchased through the date of our earnings release today. As Brent will share with you here in a moment, we have been pleased with our team's ability to manage costs while still making steady progress on the numerous initiatives and projects we have in motion to further enhance our competitive position. As I wrap up my prepared comments, I would like to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their hard work and dedication to start 2024. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Brent. 
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Brad. I would also like to begin my comments this morning by thanking Team O'Reilly for their incredible hard work to ensure a solid start to 2024. We are proud to say that Team O'Reilly now extends across the United States, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Canada. Regardless of the market we operate in, we know that the absolute key to our success is a team of professional parts people dedicated to the O'Reilly culture of excellent customer service. 
 Today, I will cover our first quarter gross margin and SG&A results and provide a quick update on our expansion and capital investments thus far in 2024. Starting with gross margin. Our first quarter gross margin of 51.2% was an 18 basis point increase from the first quarter of 2023 and slightly better than our expectations for the quarter. As Brad previously noted, this was the first quarter to include the operating results from the acquisition of the Vast-Auto business. And the incremental dilution to our first quarter gross margin was in line with the full year 25 basis points we guided to at the beginning of the year. We have continued to see a stable supplier and supply chain environment, and experienced the anticipated mix of acquisition cost puts and takes in the first quarter. 
 On a net basis, improved acquisition costs benefited gross margins driven by incremental buying improvements as well as market-driven reductions in freight cost. To the extent that we have seen modest inflation pressure in certain categories, we have been successful in passing those cost increases along in a continued rational pricing environment. Given our solid performance in the first quarter, we continue to expect our quarterly gross margin performance to land within our full year gross margin range of 51% to 51.5%. 
 Turning to SG&A. We are pleased with our SG&A management in the first quarter results in line with expectations as a percentage of sales. Our first quarter average SG&A per store growth of 5.7% included an anticipated 100 basis point increase from the additional business day as a result of leap day. Additionally, the SG&A per store growth includes a 15 basis point increment on the quarter from the inclusion of Canada's operating results, which was in line with our expectations based on the portion of the quarter since we have owned that business. 
 Our spend in the first quarter keeps us on pace for our full year plan of growing average SG&A per store by 4.5% to 5%. As we noted on our last call, the cadence of growth in average SG&A per store will moderate as we move throughout the year as a result of beginning to compare against the impact of 2023 investments that we made in the business. While we continue to move forward as planned on our growth initiatives, some of the investments we have been making in technology capabilities as well as enhancements to our vehicle fleet and the image and appearance of our store will begin to layer into our SG&A comparisons as we incurred ramping incremental expenses throughout 2023 in these areas. 
 The impact of these comparison headwinds in our first quarter SG&A spend drove the planned deleverage of SG&A, which we also anticipate to moderate throughout the balance of this year. Given the top line choppiness we experienced during the first quarter, we believe our teams effectively balanced the incremental investments we are deploying in our business with prudent expense control. The decisions we make concerning the staffing levels within our stores remain the most significant driver of our SG&A spend in total. 
 Our team is focused on judiciously managing our expenses as appropriate for the current conditions in our business, while also ensuring that we are delivering excellent customer service that develops and maintains long-term customer relationships. We feel that our consistency in delivering excellent customer service in all market conditions has been critical to our long-term success and reflects the high level of professionalism demonstrated by our team. We are confident that the investments we have made and are continuing to make position Team O'Reilly to provide industry-leading customer service at high levels of productivity. 
 With the solid gross margin and SG&A performance we saw in the first quarter, our operating margin outlook is unchanged, and we continue to expect the full year to come in within the range of 19.7% to 20.2%, which includes the anticipated dilution of 15 basis points from the inclusion of Vast-Auto's results. 
 Inventory per store finished the quarter at $773,000, which was up 2.5% from this time last year and 2.2% from the end of 2023. The addition of Vast-Auto's inventory and store count provided the 1% incremental increase we had anticipated, and we continue to target a range of 4% growth within our existing chain by the end of 2024. Inventory turnover has remained at 1.7x, and we are pleased to see strong inventory productivity as we have continually enhanced and refined the inventory deployment in each of our stores while also expanding hub and DC level inventories. Our store in-stock position remains strong, and our teams are working hard to ensure O'Reilly Auto Parts offers the best inventory availability in all of our markets. 
 Turning to our progress on store growth and capital investments. We opened a total of 37 stores across the U.S. and Mexico during the first quarter. Additionally, we were pleased to officially bring the 23 Canadian stores into the fold. Our annual net new store opening guidance of 190 to 200 excludes the addition of the 23 Canadian stores. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $249 million, and we are on track for our annual goal of $900 million to $1 billion. 
 Our DC relocation projects in Springfield, Missouri and Atlanta, Georgia, are making great progress, and we are excited to bring those new, larger and more efficient facilities online later this year to further enhance service levels within those markets. We are also excited about the progress made so far on our Mid-Atlantic, D.C. in Stafford, Virginia, that is slated to be operational in the middle of 2025. 
 As I finish my comments, I would like to thank Team O'Reilly for their commitment to delivering excellent customer service one customer at a time. I look forward to the opportunities we have ahead and taking on that challenge as a team. 
 Now I will turn the call over to Jeremy. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brent. I would also like to congratulate Team O'Reilly on a solid start to the year. Now we will fill in some additional details on our first quarter results and outlook for the remainder of 2024. 
 For the quarter, sales increased $268 million, driven by a 3.4% increase in comparable store sales and a $73 million noncomp contribution from stores opened in 2023 and 2024 that have not yet entered the comp base. For 2024, we expect our total revenues to be between $16.8 billion and $17.1 billion. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 21.9% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 24.2%, reduced by a 2.3% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the first quarter of 2023 rate of 23.7% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.3%, reduced by a 0.6% benefit for share-based compensation. 
 Our first quarter effective tax rate was below our expectations as a result of the timing and amount of benefit we realized from share-based compensation. For the full year of 2024, we now expect an effective tax rate of 22.4% comprised of a base rate of 23.1%, reduced by a benefit of 0.7% for share-based compensation. We expect the fourth quarter rate to be lower than the other 3 quarters due to the tolling of certain tax periods. Also, variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate as we saw in the first quarter. 
 Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the first quarter of 2024 was $439 million versus $486 million in 2023. 
 The decrease of $47 million was the result of a larger increase in net inventory in 2024, partially offset by an increase in earnings. For 2024, our expected free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at a range of $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion. Our accounts payable as a percentage of inventory finished the first quarter at 127%, down from 131% at the end of 2023. This moderation was in line with expectations, including the impact from our Canadian acquisition and we would anticipate finishing the year in line with these levels. 
 Moving on to debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.95x as compared to our end of 2023 ratio of 2.03x with the decrease driven by a reduction in borrowings under our commercial paper program. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5x and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program. And during the first quarter, we repurchased 262,000 shares at an average share price of $1,029 for a total investment of $270 million. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, our EPS guidance, Brent outlined earlier, includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. 
 Before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to thank the entire O'Reilly team for their dedication to our company and our customers. Your hard work and commitment to excellent customer service continues to drive our outstanding performance. This concludes our prepared comments. 
 At this time, I'd like to ask Matthew, the operator, to return to the line, and we will be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. 
Christopher Horvers: Can you talk about, since the beginning of February, can you talk about the geographic performance that you've seen? And how correlated has that been to the arrival of spring? So markets where you have seen spring arrive, what is the performance of the comps look like versus markets that haven't? 
Brad Beckham: Chris, thanks for the question. Well, there was a lot of moving pieces in the quarter really directly to your question there. And really, what we saw just kind of walking through the quarter again is January, we were really pleased with January. And in a lot of the markets, you're really true winter markets where harsh weather really drives that demand, we felt like that really exactly played out that way in January.
 As we got into February, it definitely kind of more normalized from a kind of a weather standpoint or early on in the month. And then not too long after that, we felt like there was a little bit of volatility more from lack of seeing some of the tax money roll in, Chris. And then kind of what we saw as things started to kind of stay cool and get a little bit more wet in the markets you don't necessarily want to see it, that kind of matched up with what we saw geographically in certain regions, in certain divisions, and it really kind of made sense to us, kind of what was happening with some unfavorable weather, especially on the DIY business for people to get out and work on stuff. So there was a lot of moving pieces there. When we looked at our regional performance versus our plan by region and you looked at the kind of the comparison from this time last year, everything was really fairly consistent, and it pretty much made sense based upon what the weather was doing. 
Christopher Horvers: So does the -- I guess, in markets that where you've seen spring break, have the comps been consistent with the 3% to 5% outlook for the quarters in the year? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I think one of the challenges -- this is Jeremy. I think one of the challenges we've had is we just haven't really seen consistency in how our business would perform on a sustained normalized spring business. I think, as Brad described on the call, the choppiness that we've seen has been exactly that. We'll see pockets of improved performance as we move through. But there's not anything that's been consistent and sustained. And for sure, the areas that have been more volatile are the ones where we can see the impact of that. But at this stage, with a few of the different factors that we saw impact us during the quarter, especially as we move through that period of time when tax refund money shifted around, it's been harder to get a more consistent rate just week to week on the underlying businesses. There's just been a lot of the choppiness that's characterized the quarter. 
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And I know you mentioned that you're seeing -- as a follow-up question, I know that you mentioned that you're seeing consumers trade up, haven't seen trade down. And I also understand that you have a low mix exposure to national accounts. And even within that, you're not selling to the A and B SKUs like brake pads or something like that. But in that channel or any other parts of the business, are you seeing any evidence of deferral of some bigger ticket type repairs or even oil change or anything else? 
Brad Beckham: Yes, great follow-up question, Chris. The answer is no. When we look at kind of our book of business and you look at the general independent garage versus strategic accounts, whether it be a regional account or whether it be a national account. As you know, we have a smaller portion of our business that is the national account business and some of our competitors. And -- but when we look at the mix of business, when you look at the category of customer and then you really break it down to the last part of your question, we're just -- we're not seeing that. Especially when you look at our nondiscretionary categories, the needs-based categories when Brent and I, when we look at our [indiscernible] categories, when we look at our maintenance categories, we're extremely pleased with how those categories are performing. 
 And kind of like we said earlier, that when we look at good, better, best, our better and best of the value spectrum has been very encouraging. The only area that I would say that we have seen some softness, Chris, would be more with our discretionary categories. When you think about things like truck and towing accessories, maybe performance or something like that, that's where we want to just be a little bit cautious that we have seen some pressure in Q1, and we're going to watch that closely. 
 The thing that I would balance that with is some of those categories only perform really well when people can get out and do those things in their driveway. So it's a little bit of a challenging answer that we are seeing some pressure due to discretionary. Some of that may have to do with some of the weather. But really, when you think about our failure and maintenance categories, nondiscretionary needs based, we're extremely encouraged. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: My first question is just on SG&A per store growth. You anticipate some moderation through the year here, and that's despite the fact that you expect comps to likely accelerate a little bit from here. Is that simply due to the investment comparisons or anything else? 
Brent Kirby: Yes. Seth, this is Brent. I'll start and then Jeremy can jump in, I'm sure on some of that on the back end of it. But yes, as I talked about in the script, biggest driver of our SG&A per store really is our store payroll. And our teams have been very focused on balancing that with the demand and the opportunity that they see in their markets, and they manage through a period in Q1 where we did have some of that choppiness that we've talked about. But really proud of the job overall that the teams did there, and we're obviously approaching any kind of choppiness with an eye to expense control, but we do have some of that investment depreciation pressure that I mentioned in my script that we're going to see as we move through the year. That's why our plan was not a peanut butter spread on SG&A for this year. So -- and Jeremy, you may have a couple of other thoughts on that. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. No, I think, Brent, I think you said it well. Seth, I think we previewed a little bit on last quarter's call, but it's kind of hard to get the cadence quarter-to-quarter. As we just think like in particular about the timing of the impact of some of last year's investments and not to get too far down in the weeds here, but our depreciation headwind in first quarter was kind of high teens year-over-year growth there. And that's the number that through the balance of the year starts to moderate as we move down through. So more broadly speaking, especially as you think about the dollars, you also had impacts in the quarter with leap day. 
 So it does create a little bit of noise in terms of the cadence. But against that broader backdrop, feel solid about the management SG&A. It's in line with where we would have expected to be. And as we work through the balance of the year, feel comfortable with how we think the teams are balancing both the investments that we continue to talk through and we'll execute on while also just being responsive to what we're seeing in the business. 
Seth Basham: That's helpful. And as my follow-up, just thinking about the DIY segment and the softness you called out discretionary categories, recognizing that some of that might be weather-driven. Is this a change in trend that you've seen with more pressure in the discretionary categories in recent months? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I can probably talk to that. And maybe the first caution that I would say is we're still within a relatively tight end of what we thought from expectations and I know Brad mentioned it within his response. The confidence that we feel is just from the broader mix of our business, the ability to see solid performance really across the core categories that we know are indicative of how the consumer is thinking about the backdrop has been good. 
 The entry into first quarter, both the tax refund money and with the weather backdrop, it tends to be a quarter that can be more volatile just generally on discretionary categories. Often, we're in the position like others within our industry of -- of hoping that we've got both good weather and tax refund money hitting at the same time. So that's -- there's a reason why that can be volatility. We wouldn't call it out as a sea change. And for sure, in the broader sense of our business, it's a smaller piece, but it is just one area that we pay attention to as we're trying to make sure we've got a good read on what the consumer looks like. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Lasser from UBS. 
Michael Lasser: While the indications are still coming in about the performance of the overall aftermarket and it's still pretty early. It does seem like O'Reilly's outperformance versus the rest of the industry is moderating versus where it's been. Why is that the case? 
Brad Beckham: Michael, thanks for the question. I don't see it that way. Number one, I've been in this business here at O'Reilly for 27 years this year and been through challenging years, been through great years and been through election years and years that we get off to a little bit of a choppy start, and I've learned every time not to necessarily overreact that we all -- we take any potential slowdown or anything like that very seriously. We want to make sure we control what we can control. But it's always hard for us to base exactly where the share gains are coming from and it's sure hard to base it here short term on just a competitor reporting or something like that. We don't spend a lot of time internally trying to dissect that. What we do internally here is, we focus on our revenue versus the $147 billion, we believe, is being sold in the United States, and that just gets even bigger. Obviously, now that we're expanding to the rest of North America. 
 So we stay focused on that total addressable market versus what we do today. And Michael, I don't see anything that's materially changed in the way that we're competing. We have tough competitors out there. We have really great competitors that we have a ton of respect for both the big close-in competitors that are public companies as well as the solid WD operators, the independent operators. And we still feel really good. I'm so proud of what our teams have accomplished the last few years, but I believe our share gains continue. 
Michael Lasser: Got you. Brad, you mentioned that you did see a bit of a slowdown in March, and that's continued into the first part of the quarter. Can you provide some frame of reference for that? And what does the P&L look like? How is the sensitivity of the P&L? If this is just one of those years where it's a bit of a slower backdrop for the aftermarket and the ultimate comp ends up at the low end or maybe even slightly below your guidance? 
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Michael. I'll start out and answer your question on just kind of the cadence of the exit and kind of how we're feeling about the last few weeks, and then I'll let Jeremy talk to the last part of your question there on SG&A. So Michael, really, the thing I want to be a little careful of is, even though we have a few weeks, it is just 3 weeks, and we have a lot of quarter left and I think the reason that we're trying to balance the choppiness with not knowing what the future holds, all with the fact that we have had some of this weather that it's just not ideal. It's a different weather story than like in January, where we love harsh winters, and we love hot summers. The stuff that's in the middle can just be a little bit not conducive to what our DIY customers want and need to get out and work on their stuff. I'm sitting here in Springfield, Missouri this morning, looking out the window, 50-something degree weather and it's raining out there. 
 And our operational teams absolutely did not spend any time focusing on things that they can't control like weather. But we don't want to say too much about the choppiness because there has been some, but there's also just been this weather factor, and we feel like that we got a lot of quarter left and we just want to see how that plays out. But we just want to balance those things, and I'll let Jeremy take the SG&A. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Just from the -- I guess, further down the income statement as we think through the balance of the year, Michael, I'd tell you, nothing really changes about our expectation on how and the degree to which we can respond to different market conditions than really we've had for a long time within our business. From our history that -- that we really do truly manage the business from a long-term perspective and will not overreact in short periods of time to fluctuations and cognizant of the volatility we've seen in the first quarter, but also understanding that we're in an election year and there's just a little bit more uncertain backdrop that we could face some puts and takes as we move through the year. It's important for us to maintain a high level of service and to prioritize that as we move through the business. While at the same time, we've got a pretty long-standing expense control culture, and we will address how we manage the business, we think, appropriately to the right market environment and feel good about how the teams have performed in that way, as Brent mentioned, during the course of this year so far. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. 
Gregory Melich: I wanted to circle back on the inflation commentary and also the decline in acquisition costs. So [indiscernible] all the unusual parts of inflation where that now we pretty much expect that to be steady, the cadence each quarter going forward. And on the cost side, can we still get some acquisition cost relief if interest rates start to back up? And how does that come into the equation? 
Brent Kirby: Yes. Greg, this is Brent. I'll start and then let the other guys jump in. But in terms of the cost environment, as I mentioned in the script, we kind of saw what we'd expect some typical puts and takes on cost. But I mean, in terms of inflation and what's out there, I think we kind of guided and felt like going into this year is going to be around 1%. It's kind of what we saw in Q1, kind of what we anticipate for the rest of the year. So we don't really see that changing a whole lot. Now with that said, the good news is we continue to be able to diversify our supply chain. Our merchandise team has done a fantastic job with that. 
 We've done a fantastic job with our proprietary brand portfolio and continue to grow that. It's resonating with our customers. So that gives us an ability to control cost in some respects by dual sourcing and multi-sourcing different lines. And we continue to see that as a competitive strength of where we are and how we're positioned. But that's kind of the outlook we have in terms of cost and where we are going into this year. 
Gregory Melich: Great. And I'd love to just make sure I got the comp trend correct there. The traffic in the first quarter, was that positive or negative or kind of flat if you look at the whole quarter? 
Brent Kirby: It was positive. 
Jeremy Fletcher: It was a contributor. 
Gregory Melich: It was a contributor to comp. And so if presumably where that would have been negative in DIY by the exit rate, and that the gap between do-it-for-me and DIY that happened through the quarter at the end was basically traffic and therefore, weather-driven. I just want to make sure I'm interpreting what you guys are seeing. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Yes. I would tell you the traffic even on the DIY side of the business was still positive for the quarter [indiscernible] that was pretty significantly impacted by the strength that we saw in January, which we've talked about that side of the business is more volatile around the refund and just the spring impacts. But yes, we were positive, both sides of -- in both traffic and ticket. 
Gregory Melich: And so now as consumer -- as DIYers come in, you mentioned, I think there's no trade down. It's actually still a trade up. But I'm curious, are items in basket under pressure. Is that a sign of any pressure on the consumer there? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Again, volatility there, Greg, as we saw in the first quarter. Some of that is similar to what we've seen from an accessory perspective and oftentimes, those are the add-on type things that hit when somebody is coming in to change brakes or to do that type of oil change. Not having a perfect read on how tax refund money flows through, that can also affect size in certain instances. But a little bit choppy there to be able to draw any really strong conclusions. But for sure, some of the -- some of what we've seen is that number not being a contributor, a little bit of a headwind for us in the quarter. 
Brad Beckham: Greg, maybe just to build on that basket question a little bit, kind of parse it out a little bit. An example of what we're not seeing is any issue with -- if somebody is doing a great job, we still feel with that something they need to do. They're still -- our teams are still able to work that customer from a DIY standpoint through having everything they need to do the job right. We don't see any basket issues in terms of not buying the hard parts they need to do the job and normally the things that go along with that. 
 An example, it may be what we're seeing a little bit was some of the discretionary is maybe like tools, for example, on the DIY side is the customer where they normally may have bought that specialty tool they need to do that break job. 
 They may be renting it from us, which they can do for free through our loaner tool program. So that would be an example of some of the things that we're seeing a little bit of pressure to, but not necessarily on the hard parts side. 
Gregory Melich: That's great color. And good luck guys, and we'll be praying for some sunshine. 
Brad Beckham: We appreciate it, Greg. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Everyone. Brad, and Jeremy, you've mentioned that it's been choppy, and there isn't a clean weather and nonweather market spread. Can I ask, is that because of tax refund season or there's -- we're lapping used cars, the consumers under pressure. Are you thinking it's possible there are other variables at play? Or how [indiscernible] weather and weather turns and we're in the clear? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Simeon, great question, really is. I would tell you, we're as confident in our read right now as we ever are after first quarter. Brad mentioned it within the context of his comments, we think it's appropriate to not overreact to the things that we see in first quarter. For certainly a couple of things we know, the range of our -- the band of our performance has still been relatively tight even though we've seen choppiness move throughout. So we're not seeing the types of serious fluctuations in our business that come on where you do see things like oil changes being pushed back or brakes moving around more significantly. What we are seeing is what we often will see from a variability in business around choppiness of tax refunds. 
 So whether those are -- can be significant impacts as you just try to get a perfect week to week on the business. As we step back from that, we remain cautious about the consumers in our prepared comments and it's a focus of our business. Often we get a much clearer read on that as we move forward past some of the volatility. So we're cognizant of where that is. We understand some of the broader commentary that exists within broader retail. Often, we see the impacts of some of those things as they flow through on a more delayed basis for our business, understand we're in an election year. Those things we're cautious about. But as we sit here today, there's just not the clear indicators that we're seeing that more sustained pressure that we would normally expect to see. 
Brad Beckham: Yes, Simeon, what I would say, it's a fair question. And I think maybe just on the tax refunds, for example, there's no doubt that the delay impact of this, to some degree, there in February. I think the reason that we want to just be cautious with how that will play out is just the fact that we are in election year. There's a lot going on in the world. We have this weather that no doubt has played in to some extent. But we also know that the reality is when people get their tax refunds, it's normally pretty clear when we get that and how much of it we get. But we know our lower-end consumer. They're spending money, first and foremost, on groceries, their homes, insurance rates personally, things like that, that are a pressure to them right now. And we just want to -- we want to balance that. We know that is some of it, but we also know this weather is some of it as well. 
Brent Kirby: I was just going to say maybe just one other thing to add on your question, and it is a good one. But when -- just like the guys talked about, when you think about maintenance categories and obviously, failure categories [indiscernible] maintenance categories, there is some discretion in those. And even on the DIY side, again, a lot of confidence still in the backdrop knowing that we still saw strength in motor oil filters in the category. I mean we didn't see any reason to believe that people were putting off the oil change to pay for groceries that we -- when we looked at it at a product level. So that was underlying in all of this, too. So just wanted to mention that. 
Simeon Gutman: My follow-up, if you take the PPI initiative and you look at the products that were impacted where price was lowered, it looks like the payoff was especially strong last year to that -- maybe to that market share question. Is -- are you still seeing growth in those PPI products? And are there any opportunities as you look across your pricing and your catalog where there may be some price differences where you can take advantage of that again? 
Brad Beckham: Yes. Thanks, Simeon. So yes, I mean, when you talk about PPI, that's over 2 years old now. Basically, we're lapping at 24 months in. We feel extremely good about that investment we made. When you look at those categories, not only those categories, but kind of the halo categories that revolve around those [indiscernible] underhood categories, and it was very broad. It was a very [indiscernible] approach, but it was very broad by SKU, by line. We feel really good about what we've done there. We -- when I look at it, especially versus some of the WDs and the independent 2 separate type players, we feel really good about what we've done, and we haven't seen really any other reactions to any large degree out of our big competitors nor those other competitors. The reason that I feel like that we have made those investments pay, Simeon, is because our team has gotten out there and this just hasn't been a one-pronged approach. 
 The investments were one thing, but we knew going into it, the only way we were going to make that pay was to do what we already did well even better, being out there calling on customers, building relationships with those customers that had traditionally bought from some of the independents through relationships, through service, et cetera, and some of that being price. Our teams have got out there and done all the other things that matter more than pricing, calling on customers, building relationships, the most efficient delivery service in the aftermarket, right part, right place, right time, the work our supply chain teams have done in the last couple of years have all made that pay off. 
 But really to the last part of your question, we feel really good about where our pricing matrix is. We moved it down to that level that you know we did on the professional side, but we're always within that new matrix. We're always tweaking and optimizing within that new matrix. But we feel like that matrix is where it needs to be for now in the foreseeable future and don't see anything competitively that would tell us we need to ever do that again. 
Brent Kirby: And Simeon, maybe to just further add to what Brad said on that, on the professional side. I mean when you look at the -- by category, when you look at some of the categories, brakes, chassis, driveline, ride control, all the big category, a lot of big categories, dollar categories that we're not seeing that growth stagnate, which I think is kind of where your question is going [indiscernible] running out of gas in those categories. We're not seeing that. We're seeing continued growth even on top of big comparisons year-over-year. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mike Baker from D.A. Davidson. 
Michael Baker: Two quick ones. One, with April -- end of March, April being a little bit slower because of the weather, does that -- are those sales off? Or does that get made up if and when the weather turns better? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Michael, it's always a little bit of a tough question to answer. Often that is the case with spring business that it's just a shift in demand. I think more broadly, the way that we view that is that none of the timing of what we're seeing or none of the impacts affect kind of core fundamental underlying demand within the industry. So it's always a little bit tough to know, will you get it rebound? How much can you really measure it when you do -- but more broadly speaking, as we move further into the quarter, that becomes less important of a dynamic, it's just the broader strength in our business will kind of prove out as we move into the balance of the quarter. 
Brad Beckham: Yes, Mike, there could be some of the discretionary. There could be some of the short-term stuff that could potentially be lost. But I think as we always say, and we still believe this as much as we ever have that the underlying drivers of our business are absolutely there. When you look at vehicle's miles driven, you look at all the things that we look at to drive our business, average age of vehicles, not only in the U.S. but in North America, we still feel really good that demand is going to continue to be there. 
 Could it be one of those years that the lower-end consumer is pressured? Very potentially. But as you know, Mike, when in tough years or when customers go through tough times, our industry is not immune to that, but it's more short term. And then as things move on, people hold on to their cars longer, they're working on their cars more often. And mid- to long-term, we couldn't feel better about how we're set up from a demand standpoint. 
Michael Baker: Perfect. That makes sense. The other question I want to ask is a much more bigger picture, longer term, have you ever -- or could you ever talk about what you see as the potential size of your business down in Mexico? I think you have about 63 stores according to the press release here. What can that be over time? One of your competitors, I think, as close to 1,000? Any thoughts on where Mexico could be for you longer term? 
Brad Beckham: Sure, Mike. Absolutely. Well, we're really excited about the Mexican market. We acquired Mayasa back in 2019 and we had our eyes on that market for a long time. And to your point, one of our toughest competitors has done an amazing job down there for several decades and has a tremendous business down there. That said, it is so fragmented down there, Mike. When you look at the average age of vehicles in the U.S. at 12.5, but then you look at the Mexico market at over 16 years of age on the average vehicle and how fragmented the independent market still is down there, we see a tremendous runway. I mean that's why it was our first international venture. We have a great team down there. The timing of when we acquired Mayasa back in 2019, we acquired a lot of great team members. We acquired a base of people and distribution. 
 Since then, we got our -- we had our state-of-the-art O'Reilly prototype distribution center opened last summer. And so that enables that growth that you're asking about. I don't want to put a number on revenues or store count over time. But what I can tell you is that's going to be -- it has the opportunity to be a good portion of our growth over the next many years. And there's no reason that we can't get after Mexico, no different than we have in the U.S. from coast to coast. 
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Brad Beckham for closing remarks. 
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Matthew. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your unwavering dedication to our customers and the outstanding results you produced in the first quarter. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the OReilly Automotive, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Matthew and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During todays conference call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results and our outlook for 2024. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The companys actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the companys latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Brad Beckham.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the OReilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brent Kirby, our President; and Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman and David OReilly, our Executive Vice Chairman are also present on the call. Id like to begin our call this morning by congratulating Team OReilly on another strong performance in the fourth quarter. Our team faced our toughest prior year comparisons where we generated 9% comparable store sales in the fourth quarter last year, which represented our strongest quarterly performance in 2022. Against this very high bar, our team was able to deliver a strong comparable store sales increase of 3.4% in the fourth quarter of 2023. This was a direct result of their unwavering commitment to providing excellent customer service everyday in each of our over 6,000 stores. For the full year of 2023, our team generated a robust 7.9% comparable store sales increase, which was at the high end of the revised guidance range we provided on last quarters call. This performance was also almost 2 full percentage points above the high-end of our original 2023 comp sales guidance range of 4% to 6%. We are extremely pleased with the ability of our team to deliver industry leading results again in 2023, especially since this performance was on top of the incredible sales growth in the preceding 3 years. These strong top line sales results drove another year of record-setting earnings per share as diluted EPS increased 15% to $38.47, representing continued strong value creation for our shareholders. As strong as this performance was in 2023, I again think its helpful to view these continued outstanding results in a longer term context. To give some perspective, just in the last 4 years, our company has more than doubled earnings per share with our 2023 EPS 115% above the $17.88 we generated in 2019. After such an amazing run of performance, it would have been far too easy for our team to accept the idea that we may be forced to give back some of our growth. Instead, they did just the opposite, as our business accelerated in 2023. I couldnt be more proud of our Teams relentless dedication to outperforming the competition by providing the best customer service in the industry. As you would expect, the incredible momentum we built in our business this year has generated a lot of excitement for our team and that excitement was on full display at our annual leadership conference held in Dallas just 2 weeks ago. Each year, we bring all of our store managers and field leadership, including our sales and distribution management teams, together in one place to build leadership skills, enhance product knowledge, share best practices across our company, celebrate award winning performances, and most importantly, set our focus on the year to come. Our conference theme this year was Leaders in Motion, which perfectly defines the focus and attitude of our team. Its clear the energy created by winning with our customers and driving industry leading performance is infectious. And all of our leaders are passionate about taking the next step forward and seizing the opportunities in front of us. Now Id like to take a few minutes and provide some color on our fourth quarter results. As we discussed on last quarters conference call, we started the fourth quarter with solid sales results in line with trends we saw as we exited the third quarter. As we progress throughout the quarter, our results remain relatively consistent on a volume  from a volume perspective with each month performing better than our guidance expectations. As we expected, our comparable store sales results on a year-over-year basis faced pressure in December against very challenging comparisons the last 2 years when we capitalized on favorable winter weather. So far this winter, we have seen typical variability in winter weather with more of the harsh conditions that support our business arriving in January versus December. However, we are very pleased with how we finished out 2023 with broad-based solid performance across our core non-weather-related categories. Our comparable store sales results were driven by strength on the professional side of our business where our team delivered yet another quarter of double-digit comp growth in the fourth quarter. Our professional performance was primarily driven by robust growth in ticket counts, and we continue to be pleased with our teams ability to execute our proven business model at a high level and gain share through exceptional customer service. Our professional strength was partially offset by pressure in our DIY business, where we faced challenging ticket count comparisons to the weather benefits we saw in 2022 as well as a moderating benefit from same SKU inflation. Overall, the combined impact of average ticket growth on both sides of our business was a contributor to our comp growth in the quarter. As we discussed on last quarters call, as we entered the fourth quarter, we had fully lapped the year-over-year inflation benefits that carried over from price levels that ramped throughout 2022. For the fourth quarter, our same SKU benefit was just over 1%, in line with our expectations. Next, I want to transition to a discussion of our guidance for 2024, starting with our sales outlook. As we disclosed in our earnings release yesterday, were establishing our annual comparable store sales guidance for 2024 at a range of 3% to 5%, and we want to provide some additional color on how were viewing both the broader economic conditions in our industry and the opportunities we have to outperform the market. As we progress through 2023 and now into 2024, we believe the fundamental backdrop for the automotive aftermarket industry is stable and the drivers for demand in our industry remains strong. The daily transportation needs of consumers, generates robust and resilient demand for our industry, and there continues to be a very compelling value proposition for consumers to invest in the repair and maintenance of their existing vehicles. We have been pleased to see improvement in the total miles driven in the U.S. over the last several quarters and expect to see continued steady growth in this metric in line with our  in line with long term industry trends driven by population growth and an increase in the size of the car park. We also believe our industry has benefited and will continue to benefit from the increasing average age of vehicles as consumers show a strong willingness to prioritize investments in their existing vehicles to keep them on the road longer at higher and higher mileages. From a broader macroeconomic standpoint, we view current conditions as favorable for our customers and in turn, our industry. We believe the economic health of the consumer is solid, supported by strong employment trends, improved wages, stable fuel prices and moderating inflation. However, our expertise is not in our ability to predict broader economic conditions. We remain cautious in our outlook regarding the potential for worsening economic conditions or the possibility of short-term economic shocks, particularly any impacts we could see from sustained higher price levels and interest rates, jumps in gas prices or election year volatility. As we have discussed in the past, we maintain our conviction that consumers in our industry quickly adjust to challenging environments and will prioritize the maintenance and repair of their existing vehicles as a countermeasure in the pace of economic pressures. Due to the resiliency of our customers and the nondiscretionary nature of our business, we have confidence our industry will perform well in 2024, even if the broader economy ends up facing challenges. While our outlook for 2024 incorporates our assumptions of a reasonably stable economic environment, ultimately, our performance this year will depend on our effectiveness in executing our business model, providing exceptional customer service and in turn, gaining market share. To that end, I want to spend a few minutes discussing how we view our opportunities on both sides of our business. We expect both our DIY and professional businesses to be positive contributors to our comparable store sales growth in 2024, with professional again expected to outperform. We have been truly blown away by the incredible momentum our Team has generated with our professional customer base, driving 3 consecutive years of comparable store sales growth in the mid-teens. We were especially excited with the ticket count gains we saw in 2023 as our store, sales, distribution and office Team members delivered on our commitment to excellent customer service and industry-leading inventory availability. We remain bullish in our outlook for growth in professional in 2024, but expect comps to naturally moderate as we compare against the higher bar we set in 2023. We also believe we have opportunities to gain share on the DIY side of our business, but anticipate that any share growth in the DIY will come in the context of the long-term industry trend of pressure to DIY ticket counts. We believe the industry dynamic of extended service and repair intervals resulting from increased complexity and quality of parts will drive down DIY ticket counts broadly in our industry. As a result, we anticipate DIY traffic will be flat to slightly down in 2024 with an expectation that we will continue to gain share to partially offset the normal industry drag on ticket counts. However, increased complexity and quality of parts also drives higher average ticket values, and we expect total DIY comps to be positive in 2024. For both sides of our business, we expect to see continued growth in average ticket values. However, our 2024 projections assume same SKU inflation will provide a smaller benefit than we have realized in the last 3 years. Overall price levels were very much more stable in 2023 and consistent with our historical practice, we are assuming only modest increases in price levels from this point forward in 2024. As a result, our guidance assumes a minimal tailwind of less than 1% from same SKU inflation with overall ticket expected to be up low single-digits, driven by increased complexity. Before I move on to sales guidance, I would like to highlight our expectation for the quarterly cadence of our sales growth in 2024. On a weekly volume basis, our business is fairly steady in 2023, and we expect our quarterly comparable store sales growth to be relatively even throughout 2024 absent any unforeseen seasonal variability in weather and a minor shift from the timing of the Easter holiday in the first quarter of 2024 versus the second quarter last year. We are pleased to be off to a solid start in 2024 aided by favorable winter weather in January. As I mentioned previously, we did not see much of the winter weather benefit in the fourth quarter. However, with the arrival of typical winter conditions in January, we would now view the weather backdrop as normal, and our assumptions underlying our sales guidance for the full year of 2024 do not include any material impacts from weather. Now Id like to move on to discuss our capital investment and expansion results in 2023 as well as our plans for 2024. Our capital expenditures for 2023 were just over $1 billion, which exceeded the guidance range we updated on last quarters call and is approximately $200 million above our initial guidance for the year. As we progressed through 2023, we realized incremental opportunities to further invest in our store and distribution network as well as accelerate our spend on certain initiatives to refresh our vehicle fleet and enhance our store image and appearance. For 2024, we are setting our capital expenditure guidance at $900 million to $1 billion. While our expected total CapEx will approach a similar level of spend as 2023, the composition will change somewhat. A portion of our capital deployment in 2023 was directed at restarting initiatives that were delayed in previous years and accelerating certain projects where we saw an opportunity to improve the image and convenience of our stores. Our 2024 plans anticipate a leveling of capital investment for these type of projects back to a more normalized annual spend. We also expect to see a reduced CapEx spend for new distribution projects in 2024. We continue to be on track with our ongoing distribution expansion, and Brent will provide a status update on these projects in a few moments. While we still have substantial dollars to invest to move these projects forward in 2024, our anticipated investment this year will be below our spend in 2023 based upon development time lines for new facilities. These planned reductions in CapEx will be largely offset by an increased investment in new stores as well as continued strategic investments in technology projects and infrastructure. Our growth in new store CapEx is being driven by a shift toward owned store growth versus lease stores in our planned 2024 new store openings and future store development. As we disclosed last quarter, we have established a target of 190 to 200 net new store openings for 2024 spread across multiple markets in the U.S. and Mexico. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of our new stores and are excited about our growth opportunities in both new and existing markets alike. We have a long-held preference toward own properties as we fuel our expansion in our ability to successfully open stores that increasingly generate higher sales volumes and stronger cash flows is driving enhanced returns on capital invested in our new store growth. One of the strengths of our company and a key factor in our growth story has been our ability to balance our organic greenfield growth across geographic  across our geographic footprint, which  while also supplementing our expansion with strategic acquisitions. The most important factor in the success of our new stores is the ability to staff the store with highly trained professional parts people who live the OReilly culture and are committed to providing excellent customer service in their markets. Over the course of our history, we have been very fortunate to join forces with several great companies through acquisitions and our ability to partner with seasoned professionals, who have strong relationships with customers in markets that are new to our company has been paramount to our success. With this in mind, we are thrilled to have completed our acquisition of Groupe Del Vasto in January and are extremely excited to partner with their experienced leadership team to enter the Canadian market. As noted in our press release in December, the company is headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada and operates as Vast-Auto Distribution. Vast-Auto is a highly respected family-owned business founded over 35 years ago with a company culture focused on the core values of hard work and excellent customer service. They currently operate 2 distribution centers and 6 satellite warehouses that support 23 company-owned stores, a network of strategic independent partners and thousands of professional customers across Eastern Canada. We are still in the very early innings of planning  of the planning process for our future expansion in Canada, and there will definitely be more to come as we grow our footprint. But for now, we are very excited to welcome the 500-plus Vast-Auto team members to Team OReilly. In a few moments, Brent will provide additional details on our gross profit and operating profit results as well as our expectations for 2024. But before I turn the call over to him, I want to highlight our earnings per share guidance we outlined in our press release last night. We have established our EPS guidance for 2024 at $41.05 to $41.55, while we expect the Vast-Auto acquisition to be slightly accretive to our bottom line in 2024 it will not have a material impact on earnings per share. Our 2024 operating plans and earnings and profitability outlook reflects our continued commitment to investing in our business to grow market share and drive industry-leading results. We have been pleased with our ability to capitalize on our strong competitive positioning and generate robust sales momentum and will continue to judiciously manage our capital and operating investments to drive long-term growth and high returns. Our entire team remains highly committed to our business and our customers, and we are very confident in our ability to build on the strong historical EPS results I outlined at the beginning of our call today. As I wrap up my prepared comments, I would like to once again thank Team OReilly for their hard work, dedication and performance in 2023. Now I will turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Kirby: Thanks Brad. I would also like to begin my comments this morning by congratulating Team OReilly on another great year in 2023 and welcoming our newest Canadian team members to our great company. Were thrilled to partner with the Vast-Auto team to enter the Canadian market. Their experienced leadership team and excellent company culture, provide a strong foundation for our growth in Canada, and we view this acquisition as an important part of our strategic expansion plans. Today, I will further discuss our fourth quarter and full year operational results and provide some additional color on our outlook for 2024. Starting with gross margin, our fourth quarter gross margin of 51.3% was a 47 basis point increase from the fourth quarter of 2022 and at the high end of our expectations. Our full year gross margin also came in at 51.3%, in line with last year and also at the high end of our guidance range. As a reminder, our full year results as compared to 2022 were impacted by incremental pressure we faced in the first quarter from the final impacts of calendaring our 2022 professional pricing initiative. Subsequent to the first quarter, our gross margin for the remaining 3 quarters of the year improved approximately 30 basis points from the comparable period in 2022. We have been pleased with our consistent solid gross margin results, especially in light of the mix headwind we faced from our outsized strong performance in our professional business. Our supply chain teams with outstanding support from our supplier partners have worked diligently to drive improved gross margins through incremental improvements in acquisition costs and distribution efficiencies. For 2024, we expect to continue to see further expansion of gross margin as we calendar our gains in 2023 and drive similar incremental improvements as we progress through the year. We have established a guidance range for 2024 of 51% to 51.5%, which includes an anticipated 25 basis points of dilution from the inclusion of the acquired Vast-Auto business in our results. As we outlined in our press release, because of our new partners current mix of lower margin distribution business to independent parts stores, were expecting this headwind to consolidate gross margin, but only expect a net impact of 15 basis points to operating profit since they operate with a lower mix of owned stores and associated operating cost. Excluding the impact of adding the Vast-Auto business, our expected gross profit is projected to be up 24 basis points at the midpoint. This reflects our confidence in the tremendous amount of focus our supply chain, store operations and sales teams have on creating a premium value proposition for our customers. Our quarterly gross margin remained very consistent throughout 2023 and we expect a similar quarterly cadence as we move through 2024. While we cannot completely predict what inflation will look like from a macro perspective, our current assumptions also build in a stable inflation environment, both as it relates to our product input cost and selling prices to our customers, as Brad outlined in his comments. During 2023, we saw puts and takes in the costing environment as a result of inflationary pressures broadly experienced by our supply chain partners, offset by our Teams efforts to manage acquisition cost effectively. We really view this as a normal state of condition for our industry and expect a similar rational environment in 2024. Our expectations also assume customer pricing in our industry will remain rational. As pleased as we have been with our incremental improvements to gross margin rate, were even more excited with our strong gross profit dollar growth, which saw an increase of 10% in 2023 and is projected for solid growth again in 2024. Our consistent strong performance is the direct result of a continued high level of execution of our business model and our unrelenting commitment to providing our customers with the absolute best parts availability in our industry. This competitive advantage is the direct result of our long-term commitment to making sound investments in our supply chain, distribution network and inventory position. And were excited about the projects we have underway to continue to enhance our capabilities in 2024. To start on the distribution side of the business, we have three significant projects in development that will add capacity and service levels to our network, and Id like to provide a quick update on our progress. As we have previously disclosed, we currently have new distribution centers under construction to relocate our existing Springfield, Missouri and Atlanta, Georgia DCs to larger, more efficient facilities. This expanded capacity will enable us to continue to support new store growth in some of our more mature core market areas as well as support the increased per store volumes that have grown significantly during the last several years. Both of these projects are on track. Were projecting the Springfield relocation to be complete in the back half of 2024, and we will begin the process of transferring stores to the new Atlanta facility at the end of this year. Were also making great progress on the development of our new greenfield distribution center in Stafford, Virginia and continue to expect for this facility to be operational in the middle of 2025. It will support our expansion into these new untapped market areas for our company. Our distribution strategy directly aligns with the store growth strategies that Brad outlined earlier, and these new facilities will be key drivers of our ability to capture market share in both existing and new markets. In addition to the investments were making in our distribution centers, we continue to prioritize the opportunities we have to enhance our hub store network, which is the next level of our tiered supply chain model. Our ability to support our stores with quick access to broad localized SKU availability is an important factor in our ability to effectively compete up and down the street. We continually evaluate this network to ensure all of our stores have the best access to inventory in their respective markets, and we will adjust the number, location and size of hub stores as necessary to achieve this goal. Every year, a portion of our capital and operating investment is geared toward this tier in our distribution model and our plans for 2024 are in-line with this continued commitment. Moving on to inventory. Our inventory per store at the end of 2023 was $575,000, which was up 4% from the end of last year, driven by our continued opportunistic investments to support our sales momentum. In the coming year, our planned growth and inventory per store corresponds with the growth we will send  see in our distribution and hub network. For 2024, we expect per-store inventory to increase approximately 4% within our existing chain with the addition of the acquired Vast-Auto inventory, resulting in another 1% of per store growth since their model is more heavily weighted to distribution with a lower store count. Our growth objectives are focused on adding expanded inventories in our relocated DCs, augmenting the inventory availability in our hub network and capitalizing on targeted additions in our stores to ensure were offering the best possible local assortment and inventory availability. Now I want to spend some time covering our SG&A and operating profit performance in 2023 and our outlook for 2024. Fourth quarter SG&A expense as a percent of sales was 32.6%, up 43 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2022 and above our expectations due to higher-than-expected self-insured auto liability exposure and legal costs, driven by inflation and claims costs. Average per store SG&A expense for the full year of 2023 were up 7.8%, slightly above our revised guidance from the third quarter as a result of these same drivers. As we have discussed throughout the year, the outsized year-over-year SG&A growth as compared to our historical growth rates, was the result of planned initiatives targeted at enhancing our long-term operational strength through reinvestment in our stores, technology and our outstanding team. As we look forward to 2024, were planning to grow average SG&A per store by 4.5% to 5%, with approximately one half of 1 point of this increase driven by the addition of the Vast-Auto operations. Our anticipated store growth in 2024 is a step down from the significant investment we made in 2023, but is higher than we would normally forecast in our initial SG&A guidance driven by a few key factors. Part of our anticipated increase in 2024 SG&A expense is driven by a year-over-year increase in depreciation expense directly related to our increased CapEx spend in both 2023 and 2024. As we calendar passed our prior year investments, this headwind will moderate as we move through 2024, especially as our mix of capital spending in 2024 shifts more towards new store investments. The more significant driver of our planned initiative-driven SG&A spend is our continued investment in our technology capabilities, both in incremental tools and infrastructure. Weve been pleased with the impact our IT investments are having on our business and the opportunities we see to support our growth initiatives as we move forward. Based on these expectations and our projected gross margin rate, were setting our operating profit guidance range at 19.7% to 20.2%. As we disclosed in our press release yesterday, this includes an anticipated dilution of 15 basis points from the inclusion of Vast-Autos results in our consolidated guidance. Excluding that impact, our guidance for 2024 brackets our 2023 results with the midpoint of our expected operating profit range down slightly from last year. Based on the anticipated cadence of our SG&A growth during the year, we expect more pressure to operating profit in the first half of the year than the back half. As Brad previously mentioned, we are highly committed to growing our share of the market and driving industry-leading results. Before I close my comments, I want to join Brad in expressing the privilege it was to spend time with our company leaders at our annual leadership conference in January. Our team certainly had much to celebrate given their outstanding performance in 2023, but it was evident that our team is not satisfied with resting on our past success. Rather, they are intensely focused on providing excellent customer service and continuing to grow market share in 2024 and beyond.  Now I will turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brent. I would also like to congratulate Team OReilly on another outstanding year. Now we will fill in some additional details on our fourth quarter results and guidance for 2024. For the fourth quarter, sales increased $188 million, driven by a 3.4% increase in comparable store sales and a $71 million non-comp contribution from stores opened in 2022 and 2023 that have not yet entered the comp base. For 2024, we expect our total revenues to be between $16.8 billion and $17.1 billion. Our guidance for total revenues includes the benefit from leap day in 2024, but this additional day will not be included in our comparable store sales calculation consistent with our historical practice. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 17.7% of pretax income comprised of a base rate of 18.9%, reduced by a 1.2% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the fourth quarter of 2022 rate of 18.2% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 19.9%, reduced by a 1.7% benefit from share-based compensation. The fourth quarter of 2023 base rate as compared to 2022 was lower as a result of an increase in certain federal and state tax credits. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 21.9% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 23.1% reduced by a 1.2% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full year of 2024, we expect an effective tax rate of 22.6%, comprised of a base rate of 23.1%, reduced by a benefit of 0.5% for share-based compensation. We expect the fourth quarter rate to be lower than the other three quarters due to the tolling of certain tax periods, also variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results in 2023 and our expectations for 2024. Free cash flow for 2023 was $2 billion versus $2.4 billion in 2022. The decrease of $383 million was the result of the increased capital expenditures Brad discussed earlier as well as an increase in net inventory in 2023 versus the substantial working capital reduction in net inventory we realized in 2022. These headwinds were partially offset by growth in income and a benefit from favorable timing of tax payments and disbursements for renewable energy tax credits. For 2024, we expect free cash flow to again be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion. We anticipate the benefit to free cash flow from growth in our operating income will be offset by a headwind as we compare to the benefit we realized in 2023 from favorable timing of tax payments and purchases of renewable energy tax credits. As Brad and Brent discussed in their prepared comments, in 2024, we have planned for capital expenditures and inventory growth at similar levels to the investments we made in 2023. And as a result, we expect a comparable impact to free cash flow. I also want to touch briefly on the component of our net inventory driven by our AP to inventory ratio. We finished the fourth quarter at 131%, which was reduced from the rate we saw through much of 2023. This moderation in AP reflects the timing impact of payments associated with the substantial inventory purchases we made at the end of 2022 to support our strong sales volumes and significant inventory additions as we exited last year. For 2024, we expect to see continued moderation and an impact from our Canadian acquisition and currently expect to finish the year at a ratio of approximately 127%. Moving on to debt. We finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.03x as compared to our end of 2022 ratio of 1.84x with the increase driven by our successful issuance of $750 million of 3-year senior notes in November and borrowings under our commercial paper program, partially offset by the June retirement of $300 million of maturing notes. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5x and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program. And for 2023, we repurchased 3.6 million shares at an average share price of $883.13 for a total investment of $3.2 billion. Since the inception of our share repurchase program in 2011, we have repurchased 94 million shares at an average share price of $247 for a total investment of $23.3 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, our EPS guidance, Brad outlined earlier includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to thank the entire OReilly team for their dedication to our company and our customers. Your hard work and commitment to excellent customer service continues to drive our outstanding performance. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Matthew, the operator, to return to the line, and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist Securities. Your line is live.
Joshua Young: Hi, good morning. This is Joshua Young on for Scot. As we look to 2024, how are you thinking about the sustainability of the growth rates youve been putting up on the commercial side of the business? Then as we think about the transaction growth in commercial, would you attribute it more to doing business with new customers or is that coming more from wallet share with existing accounts?
Brad Beckham: Yes, good morning, Josh, its Brad. Ill kick this off and see if the guys have anything else. But as I think you know, there is a lot of moving pieces this year. Were going up against a huge performance last year in 2023 on top of everything we generated with mid-teens, comp sales growth on the professional side in the last 3 years. So I want to be a little bit careful talking about the sustainability of that as a percentage as our bases continue to get bigger. Again, there is a lot of moving pieces in 2024. We want to be a little bit cautious of everything going on in 24. But what I can talk to you about from an absolute confidence perspective is our ability to continue to out comp the market and continue to take share, especially on the professional side of the business. We couldnt be more confident in our teams ability to continue to drive share gains on the professional side. As you know that side of the business is still extremely fragmented. And we have a lot of initiatives in place as well as just our fundamental everyday execution that weve always had to make sure we continue to drive share gains here in 2024. In terms of the transaction part of it, Josh, I would say its probably a combination of both. When we think about the makeup of our professional business and you think of kind of how were always working up that call list, were always going to be focused on new business. There is customers out there even in existing markets that still dont buy hardly anything from us simply because of the relationship they have with somebody else. And that business and those relationships is built over time, but were out there chipping away on it every day. And so we have that business that were not doing today. And when Brent and I and Jeremy look at our performance on the professional side, were seeing fairly balanced growth, both with existing customers and new. And we feel like that is going to continue for the foreseeable future.
Joshua Young: Got it. Very helpful, thanks. And then, just this year, you obviously had the elevated SG&A growth on that investment spending. And it sounds like that may be the case again in 24. Could you just give us some more color on where your biggest remaining investment opportunities are? And do you think youll be finished with this sort of accelerated investment cycle by the end of this year? Thanks.
Brad Beckham: Yes, Ill take that, Josh. And again, see if the guys have anything else. Obviously, a very fair question. As you know, as we talk through the quarters in 2023, we continue to see opportunities to play from our position of strength. Were always thinking about the long game when it comes to making sure that were driving the profitability of our business through sustained share gains that we talked about a minute ago. Really, as we said a couple of times last year, we had the question, is this going to continue in 2024? And our answers then the entire time that were going to wait and see and see how we feel about the continued ability for us to capitalize on some of the volatility thats happening with some weaker competitors. And as youve seen, thats still how we feel. Really, when we look at the makeup of that, were obviously rifle approach when it comes to our store payroll and how we manage that each and every day. Were also still rifle approach on making sure those staffing levels to really affect both sides of our business on the share gains. We want to make sure that we continue to staff for that. Really, the makeup that Brent just talked about really how were seeing that is the biggest driver of that is going to be our continued investments in tech. And how were thinking about that is pretty simple. We have had an amazing run in the last many years, but were not looking backwards. Were looking at the next many years of our business. We only own 10% of the market in the U.S. And so we have an extreme opportunity to get after some of these investments when it comes to technology and specifically in the form of how are we going to help our frontline team members to give better customer service. How are we going to remove friction from the customer experience, both with our DIY customers and our professional customers? And so we feel extremely good about those investments in SG&A, and we feel like there is things we could do, Josh, here for the short-term to drive down SG&A, but that wouldnt be the right thing to do, knowing we only own 10% of the market and knowing that were playing the long game here.
Brent Kirby: Yes. And the only thing I would add Josh, to Brads comments, especially as it relates to the tech investments, everything we invest in, to Brads point, were playing the long game, but we invest through a filter of expecting a return on it and a return in the marketplace and an outsized return with our customer base. So thats the lens we look through when we make those investments.
Joshua Young: Great. Very helpful color. Thanks, guys.
Brad Beckham: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Kate McShane: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. I wondered if you could talk a little bit more about the change to more owned retail. And can you walk us through what that means for availability of cash for share buybacks over the longer term?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Hi Kate. Good morning. This is Jeremy. Great question. Its been kind of an interesting transition over a lot of our history as a company. We have always had a preference or a bias towards owned properties. We feel like that long-term investment and our ability to get compounding returns out of an increasing store bases is an attractive part of how we are able to deploy capital for our shareholders, invest back in our business. And we have spoken kind of, gosh, over the long course of time, especially as we move to sort of our current capital structure in 2011 and started to dial up our share buyback, we have been consistent around how we think about the prioritization of our use of capital. And the first part of thats always been within our existing operations and how we think about funding the things that are going to make our existing stores be better. And then as we focus on growth, we know that, thats been a very valuable engine for a long course of time for our shareholders. Thats always been tempered a little bit by what are the best opportunities and things that are available within our market. And so we have always had a balance. As we work through the last few years, we have seen the economics on those investments improve really on both sides. But for sure, as we own those properties and the per store volumes and our profitability per store have improved, there is and even I think more powerful value creation mechanism there as we invest in owned stores, and I think thats helped. I think there has also been an ability to identify those properties within the marketplace that has been a little bit easier. So, those have been the driving factors, and its obviously been moving that direction for at least some period of time. You dont make those decisions for the next year at the beginning of the year, they have been in play. But for us, for this year, we would expect instead of being around 40% of owned new stores in our mix to be closer to 60% for the year and feel like that thats a positive thing. In terms of how it affects our ability to deploy cash from a share buyback perspective, obviously, at the increments, its going to be less dollars that we would allocate to that. But thats also in line with our historical priorities around use of capital.
Brad Beckham: Yes. And Kate, I may just jump in. This is Brad. Jeremy did a great job kind of really framing up your  the answer to your question. The one thing I would highlight and just reiterate from what Jeremy said was how incredibly impressed we are with our ability to open new stores. Our team is just doing from site acquisition all the way through the build, all the way through the store execution and our field teams ability to build the right team with a great store manager professional parts people. We are just incredibly pleased with our new store performance both in backfill markets in kind of the center part of the country and our existing footprint as well as our new greenfield markets.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Thanks Kate.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Kate.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mike Baker from D.A. Davidson. Your line is live.
Mike Baker: Hi. Great. Thanks. Can you  you sort of alluded to it, but a little more color on the competitive situation. You guys have been pretty big market share gainers if you just look at your comps versus competitors or even your comps versus I dont know if you look at the NAICS data, sales through automotive supply in entire stores. With your comps a little bit lower this quarter because of tough comparisons, you are a little bit below that industry data. I am wondering if there is anything changing in your view in terms of competitive situation or markets ability to take market share or anything along those lines. Thanks.
Brad Beckham: Hi. Good morning Mike, its Brad. I will take a stab at that. So, maybe just to answer your question directly on the NAICS data, we, in our business, at least at OReilly, have never been able to tie that out exactly to correlate the way that some do. Not to say directionally, there is not something there. But we havent seen anything change in the competitive dynamic as we look at our performance in Q4 by month. I  Mike, I spent a lot of time just looking at the outputs from our CRM tool that our sales team has out in the field. And listen, those independent competitors that you know very well, I mean they are incredibly well run. We have a tremendous amount of respect for those WDs, the independents, the two steppers. They do an incredible job. And they are honestly our toughest competitor and they hold the most market share when we look at the total addressable market on the professional side of our business, that they are great competitors. That said, there has been nothing that we see that has pointed to anything that has been a step change or anything different, but they were tough all year last year, and they continue to be tough in Q4. And so I wouldnt tie that directly to what you are seeing in that data, we just really arent seeing that.
Brent Kirby: Mike, this is Brent. I would add to everything Brad said. I would also add that we continue to see a very rational pricing environment out there amongst the competition and as it relates to our ability to continue to win when it comes down to professional parts people and parts availability and service, we feel very good with our proposition going forward.
Mike Baker: Okay. That makes sense. One  another follow-up to something you said. You talked about the operating profit pressure to be a little bit greater in the first half, but gross margin is relatively consistent and comps relatively consistent. So, presumably, the SG&A is a little bit higher in the first half. Is that just timing of when you are adding some investments or more store labor in the first half of the year versus second half? Just curious what would cause that to occur?
Jeremy Fletcher: No, Mike, its really a little bit more of the impact of the investments we made throughout 2023, and especially as those  some of those capital investments, thinking about things like the rollout of our store fleet or our ability to get all the way through all of our stores with our LED lighting upgrade. The timing of how those investments flowed in, in the prior year and the depreciation impact of that means that we have got some compare noise that would hit us a little bit heavier in the first part of our year. There is also some degree of timing of some of the technology investments that Brent spoke to, that is the cadence of what that looks like. So, thats the reason for that, I guess commentary around how we would expect cadence to look.
Mike Baker: Yes. It makes perfect sense. Alright. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Michael Lasser from UBS. Your line is live.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. As you set your guidance
Brad Beckham: Good morning Michael.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. As you set your guidance for 3% to 5% comp growth for the year, what have you assumed about the industry growth rate and your ability to take share within the industry? Have you assumed that essentially you will grow your share at the same rate that you did in 2023?
Brad Beckham: Hi. Good morning Michael, great question. We appreciate it. So, kind of  obviously, we want to balance our confidence in our ability to continue to take share, to continue to out-comp the market in all both sides of the business, not just professional. As I have said earlier, I think maybe Brent and I both did, we see 2024 generally as an overall market as more of a normal year. Now, whats the definition of normal, you look back at the last many years and how much volatility, how much opportunity, how many things have happened, kind of previous to COVID, we generally think that a normal year based upon all our history, all our decades of doing this, that a normal year for the industry is probably more in that 2% to 3% range. And so I think that ties into kind of what we are saying with our guide. Again, like you know, Michael, we always say we are not very good at predicting the future, and its hard to say exactly what the future holds for the industry in 2024. But I think I would generally point you to that kind of 2% to 3% range.
Jeremy Fletcher: Michael, the only thing I would add to that is, if you have to ask the question, do we think our market share gains will be as strong in 2024 as they were in 2023? The answer obviously is no. I mean we comped to 7.9% last year, and we are clearly not guiding to that range this year. We feel like that we still have the same competitive advantages. We really feel like our teams are energized and enthusiastic about the momentum we have created to move forward. But we are continuing to calendar is increasingly hard comps, especially on the professional traffic side of our business. So, that, I think implicit within how we think about the way this year will play out. Its just our knowledge that we are going to continue to make gains, but we are doing that on a bigger base.
Michael Lasser: Okay. My follow-up question is, Brad, as you begin the tenure of being the CEO of OReilly, do you think that the company is at a peak operating margin rate level? And how much within your focus is on continuing to improve the percentage rate of this organization over time, given that there has been a lot of investment spend made over the last few years? Thank you very much.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Thank you so much, Michael. So, as you know, our primary focus, I have been here for 27 years, grew up with the company and our  everything that we do has always started as a company with our mission statement that we are going to be the dominant auto parts supplier in all our market areas. And we always focus on not just the business we have, but whats out there in the market, total addressable not only for the U.S., but now Mexico and Canada. And so every  we start with that. And then we always have done that profitably, and our goal has always been to drive operating profit dollar growth. And that has not changed. When I think back, Michael, over the last 5 years, I absolutely dont want to live in the past. But when you think about the fact that we ended 2019 with an operating profit percentage of 18.9%, ended the year with a 20.3% at 2023, I think that kind of to your question, kind of points to where we are thinking about the future in terms of what I want to make sure we do and what we want to make sure we do is we want to set up for a similar trajectory going forward in the years to come. Not meaning that we are assuring anybody of what our rate is going to be, but we know we can do it through share gains and driving operating profit dollar growth. Thats where our head is at. Its where its always been at. Now, do we have pride in where we have gotten our rate, absolutely, especially since going all the way back to when we bought CSK in 2008, we are extremely prideful of where we have gotten our rate. And question has always been, hey, what is the right operating profit percentage, and our answer has always been as high as we can possibly get. So, we are going to continue to have that focus. We are going to focus on share gains, doing it profitably and driving that operating profit dollar growth, and we will continue to make sure that we drive that rate as much as we possibly can.
Michael Lasser: Thank you very much.
Brad Beckham: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
Simeon Gutman: Good afternoon everyone. Brad, we were talking about SG&A earlier. And last year, you spent a little more, and you did get a return. I know its not perfectly linked, but it looks like you got to pay off last year. How much debate did you have around maintaining an even higher level of spend? I know there is some tapering, but why not continue to lean in, while there is, call it, displacement going on in the industry behind you?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hi. Thanks Simeon. I will start that off and see if the guys have anything else. So, yes, I think thats right. We feel really good. There has been a lot of talk about kind of  we have been asked about catch-up with what we spent this last year. And I think we want to more reframe that to timing because anything that we were catching up on, to Brents point earlier to one of the other questions, we have a very solid discipline internally here on a return on every amount of spend that we make, whether it would be SG&A, whether it would be CapEx and how those play together between CapEx and OpEx with depreciation. And so we feel really good about the money we spend. We feel really good about the returns. And we are going to continue to lean into that, both directions. And we  thats really what got us to where we are at today to kind of your  the root of your question is where is that line of whats the right spend and that really just lanes us back to our guidance. We feel really good about every moving piece of our SG&A. We feel good about the returns as well as CapEx and everything that we are talking about when it comes to tech investments, when it comes to safer vehicles, the image and appearance of our stores and all the things you have heard us talk about, we are going to continue to lean into that as you have seen.
Brent Kirby: Simeon, I
Simeon Gutman: And a follow-up  oh, please.
Brent Kirby: Hey Simeon. Just one other thing to maybe add to Brads comment and kind of speak to your question too is, obviously, we just leaned into an acquisition, too, as part of investing in a future opportunity. And we feel good about that investment as well, still more shape to come to that over time, but definitely continue to lean in where we see opportunity.
Simeon Gutman: Yes. And a quick follow-up, more short-term, I dont think I heard it in the prepared remarks, maybe you never venture to guess what weather means in a quarter. Given that you face 2 years of favorable weather, but any idea and is there deferred maintenance or that got resolved with the ongoing run rate of the business?
Jeremy Fletcher: You are talking about fourth quarter, Simeon?
Simeon Gutman: Yes, any fourth quarter impact? And then does that create deferred maintenance, or has that just gotten realized as the weather has become more favorable for maintenance and repair?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. No, I appreciate the question, a good one. For sure, there is a fourth quarter impact. I would tell you that for both the weather impact, the calendar, the timing of the holiday was a little bit unfavorable to us. The bulk of what we saw was anticipated and would have been built into how we thought about the guidance as we moved into the fourth quarter. It had a lot to do with how we performed in 2022, which was very strong, in 21 also. So, there is definitely a degree to which the timing of winter showing up in January versus December impacted those results. In terms of how you think about that for major shifts to deferral, we are not talking about like a huge needle mover and its really I mean, literally as simple as a couple of weeks in December last year versus a couple of weeks in January of this year. And thats why within the prepared comments, we talked about kind of on balance as we think about the full winter season, we are sort of where we would expect to be in the setup for the remainder of the year is how we would view as kind of normal for our industry.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. Thanks for the question. Good luck.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Simeon.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Greg Melich from Evercore. Your line is live.
Greg Melich: Thanks. I would like to follow-up on sales and then maybe a bit on SG&A. Just to make clear, I have got the fourth quarter, right. It was December, I think you said pressure, was it actually negative in December? And is the first quarter running above the range for the year, given the polar vortex?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. So, I can answer both of those questions, Greg. The December was negative for us. It was better than our plan candidly, but we kind of knew it would be  it was substantially good last year. We dont give discrete quantification of where we run at the beginning of the year just because there is always a challenge with short periods of time and how the weeks-to-weeks can vary just on a 1-year comp. But we do feel comfortable that we are running well. We are pleased with how we set up and we largely attribute that shrink so far to the couple of weeks of really, really harsh weather that we got in January.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then maybe a follow-up on sales, I want to make sure I get the inflation and mix part of this right. So, inflation same SKU will be around 1%. And then should we assume another 200 bps of complexity and mix within your 3% to 5% guide? Is that a fair buildup?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I dont know that I would put too finer point like that on it, Greg, for 2024. But first, I dont know what inflation will be in 2024. Our guidance is a little bit less than 1%. We will get a benefit from the average ticket above that, even independent of professional growing faster, which naturally pulls the total company average ticket up. But we would still expect that a portion of our comp expectations for next year are driven by ticket count growth as the professional side of the business is expected to continue to be solid.
Greg Melich: Great. Well, I will let somebody ask  someone else ask when do you get the flex capacitor in stock that we see on the website.
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Greg.
Greg Melich: Have a good quarter.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Brad Beckham for closing remarks.
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Matthew. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire OReilly team for your unwavering dedication to our customers and the outstanding results you produced in 2023. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our first quarter results in April. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Inc. Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Holly and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher you may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Holly. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2023 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2022 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Jeremy. Good morning everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Co-President, Brad Beckham, and Brent Kirby as well as Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Hensley, our Executive Chairman; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman are also present on the call. I'd like to begin today's call by congratulating Team O'Reilly on outstanding results in the third quarter and express my deep appreciation to our team of over 88,000 professional parts people for their steadfast dedication to our customers. This unwavering commitment to excellent customer service is the hallmark of O'Reilly Auto Parts and the key to earning our customers' business every day.  Our team's ability to deliver sustained profitable growth is evidenced by a robust 8.7% increase in comparable store sales, coupled with a 17% increase in diluted earnings per share for the third quarter. Our results have exceeded our expectations throughout the year, driven by the team's high level of execution. Service and product availability are critical pieces of our value proposition, and our ability to remain intensely focused on these fundamentals has continued to derive growth on both the professional and DIY sides of our business.  As we announced in July, upon my retirement in January, Brad Beckham will be promoted with the position of Chief Executive Officer, and Brent Kirby will be promoted to the role of Company President. Brad and Brent are tremendous leaders who bring world-class ability, experience, and passion to their new roles. Even more importantly, Brad and Brent are incredible standard bearers of the O'Reilly culture, and I'm very excited about what our future holds under their leadership. Our transition to the operations of the company to Brad and Brent has progressed smoothly and seamlessly, and as a result, today's earnings call represents my last call as CEO. As such, it is appropriate for me to leave the bulk of our discussion of the third quarter results to Brad, Brent, and Jeremy. But before I turn the call over, I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence in and support of our company during my tenure as CEO.  Finally, I'd like to again thank team O'Reilly for your hard-working commitment to our customers. It's been my absolute honor and privilege to work alongside you for the last 41 years with a front-row seat to see you achieve so many incredible milestones along the road to success for O'Reilly auto parts. Even though I won't get to actively participate in the next chapter of our company's success, I'm still very excited for the many opportunities ahead and look forward to watching our company's continued growth and future success.  I'll now turn the call over to Brad Beckham. Brad? 
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another excellent performance in the third quarter. The ability of our team to deliver continued industry-leading sales performance requires a consistent and intense focus on our culture and the fundamentals of excellent customer service. I would like to thank all of our team members for their hard work, commitment, and dedication to our great company.  Now I'd like to walk through the details of our sales performance for the quarter on both the professional and DIY sides of our business. We spoke on our last call to the strong start to the quarter in July, driven in part by extreme heat in many of our markets as we were pleased to see these very strong volumes carry on throughout the quarter. From a cadence perspective, we saw a similar top-line outperformance in each month of the quarter as compared to both the expectations we built into our plan coming into 2023 and the updated guidance we provided on last quarter's conference call. As we have discussed throughout 2023, our prior year comparisons get more challenging as we move throughout the back half of the year, and this dynamic was reflected in the cadence of our comparable store sales in the third quarter with our strongest comps for the quarter in July and August. However, on a two-year stacked basis, our performance was much more consistent through the quarter, with September only slightly below the full quarter performance due to a moderation of the hot weather benefit we realized earlier in the quarter. While we did see outperformance during the quarter in categories impacted by heat, such as cooling and HVAC, we also experienced broad strength and application-specific hard part categories as well as maintenance categories such as oil and filters. These dynamics give us confidence that while we did benefit from weather, it was not the primary driver of our above-expectation results, and the sales we are generating in failure and maintenance categories indicate a healthy level of broad-based consumer demand. Our professional business continues to be the more significant outperformer, and our team was able to deliver another quarter of mid-teens comparable store sales growth in our professional business in the third quarter. This outstanding growth was in line with the professional sales increase we achieved in the second quarter while facing increasingly challenging prior-year comparisons.  We are extremely pleased with our team's ability to gain share through consistently executing our business model and providing industry-leading value to our professional customers. Our expectation is to continue to grow our share in the professional business as we see plenty of opportunity in both new and existing markets to consolidate the overall DIFM market. Turning to our DIY business, we were pleased to generate solid comparable store sales growth with our top-line growth consistent with the first half of the year, even as we saw an expected moderation in the benefit from inflation. In line with the trends we have seen this year, our DIY comparable store sales growth has been driven primarily by increased average ticket values, however, we were pleased to see positive DIY ticket count comps in the third quarter. Our teams continue to execute our dual market strategy driving market share growth in our DIY business alongside our robust growth in professional. However, our portion of the total DIY market share in the U.S. is still relatively low, and we see continued DIY growth as a tremendous area of opportunity for our company. Now I would like to provide some color on our average ticket and ticket count performance. Average ticket growth was again in the mid-single digits on a combined basis and was the slightly larger share of our comparable store sales increase. While we are seeing the expected reduced benefit from same-skill inflation as we move throughout the year, our moderation in total average ticket growth has not been as significant due to offsetting strength we have seen from parks complexity and product mix. Moving forward, we expect a more normalized same-skill inflation benefit, but are confident that future average ticket growth will be supported by increased parks complexity, which has been the primary historical driver of our average ticket. Even though average ticket growth was the larger contributor to our comparable store sales growth, we are very pleased with our ticket count comps, which was the larger contributor to the outperformance versus expectations. Our team's ability to out-hustle and out-service our competition for this increased traffic volume is paramount to ensuring these share gains translate into repeat business. It has never been more important to ensure that we have highly trained teams of professional parks people supported by superior product availability in every single one of our 6,000 plus stores. As I finish up our remarks on sales performance in the quarter, I would like to highlight our updated four-year sales guidance. We have increased our four-year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 7%-8% from our previous range of 5%-7% and increased our total sales guidance to a range of $15.7 billion to $15.8 billion. This update is reflective of our year-to-date performance through today's call, including a solid start to the quarter with October trends in line with how we exited the third quarter. As we finish out 2023, our fourth quarter reflects our most challenging comparisons of the year, as we lapped the 9% comparable store sales increase in the fourth quarter last year and expect to see a fully normalized same SKU benefit. Our outlook for the remainder of the year is consistent with the guidance we have maintained throughout 2023. While we have been very pleased with the degree to which our performance has outpaced our expectations in the first nine months of 2023, we are always cautious as we approach the last few months of the year, which historically can be volatile due to variability in winter weather and pressures consumers can face during the holiday shopping season. As a reminder, our prior year comparisons are the most challenging in December as we benefited from broad-based strength in weather-related categories at the end of 2022. Against this backdrop, we maintain a positive outlook on the fundamentals of our industry. We are confident that the key demand drivers for the aftermarket, including steady recovery and miles driven and a very favorable U.S. vehicle fleet dynamics, are in place to support steady growth moving forward. We also believe that our customers have remained resilient and are continuing to prioritize the maintenance of their existing vehicles in order to avoid taking on a payment for a higher priced, newer vehicle. As you have heard from me already today, we see lots of opportunities in our markets to grow faster than the industry. Our team is charged up by the results we are seeing from our solid execution of the basic fundamentals of our business that translate to success. Next, I would like to take some time to discuss our SG&A performance in the quarter. SG&A, as a percentage of sales, was 30.1 percent, a deleverage of 29 basis points from the third quarter of 2022, driven by an increase in SG&A per store of approximately 8.5% . Our SG&A growth in the third quarter was above our expectations, so I want to provide some additional color on what drove the results in the third quarter. As we saw in the first half of 2023, the majority of our outside year-over-year SG&A growth as compared to our historical growth rates was the result of planned investments and initiatives targeted at enhancing our long-term operational strength. Our spend on these items was largely in line with our expectations coming into the quarter, and we remain pleased with the positive impact we are generating by reinvesting in our stores, technology, and most important, in Team O'Reilly. While these initiatives continue to play out as planned, our total SG&A dollar spend per store in the third quarter was higher than we expected coming into the quarter. This was driven by incremental costs necessary to support our significant comparable store sales outperformance, but which also resulted in better leverage of SG&A expenses than we saw in the second quarter. Our focus remains on relentlessly pursuing the excellent customer service that strengthens the long-term relationship we have with our customers, and we will continue to be aggressive where we see opportunities to accelerate top-line growth and, in turn, create leverage over sales increase we achieved in the second quarter while facing increasingly challenging prior year comparisons. We are extremely pleased with our team's ability to gain share through consistently executing our business model and providing industry-leading value to our professional customers. Our expectation is to continue to grow our share in the professional business as we see plenty of opportunity in both new and existing markets to consolidate the overall DIFM market.  Turning to our DIY business we were pleased to generate solid comparable store sales growth with our top-line growth consistent with the first half of the year even as we saw an expected moderation in the benefit from inflation. In line with the trends we have seen this year our DIY comparable store sales growth has been driven primarily by increased average ticket values however we were pleased to see positive DIY ticket count comps in the third quarter. Our teams continue to execute our dual market strategy driving market share growth in our DIY business alongside our robust growth in professional however our portion of the total DIY market share in the U.S. is still relatively low and we see continued DIY growth as a tremendous area of opportunity for our company. Now I would like to provide some color on our average ticket and ticket count performance. Average ticket growth was again in the mid-single digits on a combined basis and was slightly larger was the slightly larger share of our comparable store sales increase. While we are seeing the expected reduced benefit from same-skill inflation as we move throughout the year our moderation in total average ticket growth has not been as significant due to offsetting strength we have seen from parks complexity and product mix. Moving forward we expect a more normalized same-skill inflation benefit but are confident that future average ticket growth will be supported by increased parks complexity which has been the primary historical driver of our average ticket. Even though average ticket growth was the larger contributor to our comparable store sales growth we are very pleased with our ticket count comps which was the larger contributor to the outperformance versus expectations. Our team's ability to out hustle and out service our competition for this increase traffic volume is paramount to ensuring these share gains translate into repeat business. It has never been more important to ensure that we have highly trained teams of professional parks people supported by superior product availability in every single one of our 6,000 plus stores. As I finish up our remarks on sales performance in the quarter I would like to highlight our updated four-year sales guidance. We have increased our full-year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 7% to 8% from our previous range of 5% to 7% and increased our total sales guidance to a range of $15.7 billion to $15.8 billion dollars. This update is reflective of our year-to-date performance through today's call including a solid start to the quarter with October trends in line with how we exited the third quarter. As we finish out 2023 our fourth quarter reflects our most challenging comparisons of the year as we lap the 9% comparable store sales increase in the fourth quarter last year and expect to see a fully normalized same skew benefit. Our outlook for the remainder of the year is consistent with the guidance we have maintained throughout 2023. While we've been very pleased with the degree to which our performance has outpaced our expectations in the first nine months of 2023 we are always cautious as we approach the last few months of the year which historically can be volatile due to variability in winter weather and pressures consumers can face during the holiday shopping season. As a reminder our prior year comparisons are the most challenging in December as we benefited from broad base strength in weather related categories at the end of 2022. Against this backdrop we maintain a positive outlook on the fundamentals of our industry. We are confident that the key demand drivers for the aftermarket including steady recovery and miles driven and a very favorable U.S. vehicle fleet dynamics are in place to support steady growth moving forward. We also believe that our customers have remained resilient and are continuing to prioritize the maintenance of their existing vehicles in order to avoid taking on a payment for a higher priced newer vehicle. As you have heard from me already today we see lots of opportunities in our markets to grow faster than the industry. Our team is charged up by the results we are seeing from our solid execution of the basic fundamentals of our business that translate to success. Next I would like to take some time to discuss our SG&A performance in the quarter. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 30.1% a deleverage of 29 basis points from the third quarter of 2022 driven by an increase in SG&A per store of approximately 8.5%. Our SG&A growth in the third quarter was above our expectations so I want to provide some additional color on what drove the results in the third quarter. As we saw in the first half of 2023 the majority of our outsize year over year SG&A growth as compared to our historical growth rates was the result of planned investments and initiatives targeted at enhancing our long-term operational strength. Our spend on these items was largely in line with our expectations coming into the quarter and we remain pleased with the positive impact we are generating by reinvesting in our strength. Investing in our stores technology and most important in team OReilly. While these initiatives continue to play out as planned our total SG&A dollar spend per store in the third quarter was higher than we expected coming into the quarter. This was driven by incremental cost necessary to support our significant comparable store sales outperformance but which also resulted in better leverage of SG&A expenses than we saw in the second quarter. Our focus remains on relentlessly pursuing the excellent customer service that strengthens the long-term relationship we have with our customers and we will continue to be aggressive where we see opportunities to accelerate top-line growth and in turn create leverage over time driving long-term returns. Based on our results in the third quarter and expectations for the remainder of the year we now expect to see SG&A per store increase 7% to 7.5% for the full year. With this increase from prior guidance we still expect our full-year operating margin to come in within the range of 19.8% to 20.3% of sales driven by leverage on our strong top-line results. Expense control remains as important to the OReilly culture as it always has and we will be judicious in how we manage our spend to ensure we are seeing long-term results from the investments we make in the business. This focus on profitable growth has drove our 17% increase in third quarter diluted earnings per share. We are updating our full year EPS guidance to $37.80 to $38.30 representing an increase of $0.75 at the midpoint reflecting the strong performance in the third quarter. Before I turn the call over to Brent I would like to again thank Team OReilly for their hard work and dedication to the OReilly culture. Greg has been a tremendous leader for our company, an incredible mentor to me, and is a tough act to follow. But I am very excited for the future of our company and our entire team is committed to our company's continued success. Now I'll turn the call over to Brent. 
Brent Kirby: Thanks Brad. I would like to echo Greg and Brad in congratulating Team OReilly on the outstanding performance in the third quarter. The continuation of our strong sales performance and proven ability to outperform the market is a testament to our team's unwavering commitment to excellent customer service. I want to thank all of our team members for their dedication to our company and to our customers. Now I will cover our third quarter gross margin results, what we are seeing in the competitive environment, and provide some updates on our store and distribution growth, inventory investments, and capital expenditure plans. Starting with gross margin, our third quarter gross margin of 51.4% was 46 basis point increase from the third quarter of 2022 at just above our expected range. We are pleased with the stability of our gross margin results as our third quarter continued the strong trend we saw in the second quarter. Our gross margin for the third quarter faced pressure from the sustained strong performance in our professional business, creating a customer mix headwind. But we have been able to offset these headwinds through improved acquisition costs and outstanding support from our supplier partners. Pricing to both DIY and professional customers has remained rational within the industry. We continue to see modest inflation in the third quarter and remained very successful in passing along increases in product acquisition costs and other inflationary pressures in selling price. While our quarter to quarter gross margin rate can see normal fluctuations from seasonality in product sales mix and leverage of distribution costs relative to overall volumes, the stability of our results in light of the share gains we are experiencing demonstrates our team's ability to win share through service and product availability. As a result of our solid year to date performance, we are maintaining our full year gross margin guidance of 50.8% to 51.3% but would now expect to come in within the top half of this range. Inventory per store finished the quarter at $758,000 which was up 4% compared to the beginning of the year. We would now expect our average inventory per store increase to finish the year in a range between our original guidance of 2% growth and the current levels driven by our continued opportunistic investments to support our sales momentum. Our AP-to-inventory ratio at the end of the third quarter was 134% in line with the beginning of the year and slightly better than expectations driven by strong sales volumes and inventory turns. We now expect to finish 2023 at a similar level. The health of our supply chain and resulting store in stock positioning continues to be a competitive strength, optimizing our assortments across our DC hub and store network while simultaneously partnering with our supplier community to achieve industry leading fill rates is absolutely playing a key role in our exceptional sales results and we continue to regard inventory availability as a critical priority for our business. Alongside the investments we are making in inventory, we also remain focused on leveraging the benefits of the tiered nature of our distribution model. This strategy has been an important aspect of our supply chain for many years and begins with placing distribution centers in large metro areas to provide same-day availability to a wide range of SKUs for our customers. Strategically located hub stores augment our SKU availability on a more localized basis and represent the very important second tier within our distribution supply chain. We continually evaluate this network including the number location and size of our hub stores to ensure that all our stores have the best access to inventory in their respective markets. Next I would like to discuss our capital investments and expansion opportunities beginning with the investments we are making in our distribution network. As we discussed on last quarter's call we are very pleased with the successful opening of our Guadalajara Mexico DC in July but are also excited on today's call to announce two additional expansion projects that we currently have underway. First our distribution teams are actively working on a relocation of our Atlanta DC which is a large project that will enable expanded more efficient store servicing capabilities within that market as well as providing direct import processing capability within this new facility. This new 690,000 square foot building is expected to be complete by the end of 2024 and will increase the number of stores we can support in this critical market by 100 stores. Next we have an exciting distribution expansion project that is in progress in Stafford Virginia where we have purchased a site and began construction on a large new distribution facility that will service the Washington DC, Maryland and Virginia corridor. The new DC will be approximately 530,000 square feet and our initial plan is to build that capacity to service 350 stores. We anticipate this distribution center will be open and operational by the middle of 2025 and we could not be more excited about the store development opportunity this provides us in what is largely an untapped market area for OReilly today. Our distribution center teams are diligently executing on these projects and are enthusiastically looking forward to further expanding our DC footprint and our industry leading parts availability. Turning to store growth and expansion, we successfully opened 40 stores during the third quarter bringing our year-to-date total to 140 net new store openings for 2023. Our team is confident we will achieve the goal of 180 to 190 net new store openings for 2023. As we noted in our press release yesterday we announced our 2024 new store opening target of 190 to 200 net new store openings. Our strong new store performance continues to prove that our investments in both new stores and the necessary distribution infrastructure to support those stores is an attractive use of capital. Total capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2023 were $754 million, a considerable increase over prior year but reflective of the attractive opportunities we see to deploy capital against projects and initiatives to drive long-term growth and enhance our competitive positioning. Included within our press release yesterday was an update to our full-year capital expenditure guidance to a range of $900 million to $950 million from the previous range of $750 million to $800 million. The primary driver of this increase was the progress that we have made on the new Virginia Distribution Expansion Project as well as a higher mix of owned new stores and the pace of investment in technology and store infrastructure initiatives. To close my comments I want to once again thank Team OReilly for their hard work and continued dedication to our customers. Now I will turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Brent. I would also like to thank Team OReilly for their continued hard work and outstanding performance in the third quarter. Now we will cover some additional details on our third quarter results and guidance for the remainder of 2023. For the quarter sales increased $405 million driven by an 8.7% increase in comparable store sales and a $78 million non-comp contribution from stores opened in 2022 and 2023 that have not yet entered the comp base. Our third quarter effective tax rate was 23.2% of pre-tax income comprised of a base rate of 24.3% reduced by a 1.1% benefit from share-based compensation with both of the components of our rate in line with the third quarter of 2022. Our third quarter base tax rate was in line with our expectations with the total effective tax rate below our expectations due to higher than planned benefits from share-based compensation.  For the full year of 2023 we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 22.5% comprised of a base rate of 23.4% reduced by a benefit of 0.9% from share-based compensation. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate is expected to be lower than the other three quarters due to the tolling of certain tax periods. Variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the first nine months of 2023 was $1.7 billion versus $1.9 billion in the same period in 2022. The reduction was the result of the increase in capital expenditures Brent discussed in his remarks as well as a lower working capital benefit from reduction in net inventory this year versus 2022. These headwinds were partially offset by growth in income and a benefit from favorable timing of tax payments and disbursements for renewable energy tax credits.  For 2023 we continue to expect free cash flow at a range of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion with an increase in expected cash flow from operations offsetting the increase to our CAPEX guidance. Moving on to that we finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.93 times which is up compared to our end of 2022 ratio of 1.84 times. The increase in total indebtedness was comprised of borrowings under our commercial paper program which we successfully launched in the third quarter. We continue to be below our leverage target at 2.5 times in plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program and during the third quarter we repurchased 852,000 shares at an average share price of $938.11 for total investment of $800 million. Year-to-date through our press release yesterday we repurchased 3.4 million shares at an average share price of $879.74 for a total investment of $3 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price inclusive of the current excess tax cost is supported by the discounted expected future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning capital excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder the updated EPS guidance outlined by Brad earlier includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Finally before I open up our call to your questions I would like to again thank the OReilly, the entire OReilly team for their continued dedication to the company's long-term success. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Collie, the operator, to return to the line and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Our first question for today is coming from Michael Lasser at UBS. 
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Your guidance, implied guidance for the fourth quarter implies a significant slowdown in the business. Outside of the uncertainty associated with the weather and the holidays, is there anything that you would point to that would have influenced such a slowdown or deceleration in the performance of the comp? 
Brad Beckham: Good morning, Michael. It's Brad. I'll take a stab at that and see what the other guys want to follow up with. Great question. As you know, Michael, I think generally speaking directly to your question, the answer is not really. As you know, as we always say, the fourth quarter can be the most volatile from the weather standpoint, from the holidays. I think the key is just to remind you what I said earlier that we feel really good about how October is going so far. Generally the first few weeks of the quarter have been very consistent with what we saw with the exit rate, especially from a two- and three-year stack basis. But we still have almost half the quarter to go. December is a huge comparison. And we just want to make sure that we're just being cautious overall. But generally speaking, we're really happy with the way volumes are holding up and really excited to do everything we can to finish the quarter strong here. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Maybe, Michael, the only thing I would add is just the characterization of a significant slowdown in our business. We've really spoken all year to just the timing of how that one-year comp is going to look as comparisons just naturally get more challenging as we move through the year. While there is some time left in the quarter and we've been pleased with our performance all year long, what we're anticipating as we finish out the year is pretty consistent with where we've been. It's not reflective of anything that we're seeing when we think about our sales from a week-to-week volume, understanding the seasonality of the business as we move into the fourth quarter. Unfortunately, we're going to have to begin some really tough compares, but that's also a good spot to be in, and really nothing has changed in how we think about the current pace of the business. 
Michael Lasser: I got you. For OReilly, tough compares is a way of life, but that's okay. My second question is on the outlook for SG&A spending. It's obvious that the returns on the investments that you're making have been quite productive in light of the market share that OReilly has been achieving. Would you expect a similar rate of SG&A dollar growth on a per-store basis moving through 2024? Are there opportunities to invest such significant amounts that would generate similar returns? Thank you. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Michael. Another good question there. As we've said, we're extremely pleased with the returns we've seen from investing back in the business. As you know, there's a big difference for us at OReilly between investments and judiciously managing our expenses. Like I said earlier, expense control is a huge part of what we do. We never like to delever, except in the case of this year, when we know that we were playing from a position of strength and we knew there were some areas that are really just paying off. We're very happy with the ROI we've seen on all our initiatives where we re-invested back in the business this year. As you know, a lot of that is some catch up from COVID, the years of COVID, and everything that we wanted to spend that we didn't quite get to. Michael, honestly, we're in the middle of working on our plan for 2024. That always starts with the top line number, and then we back into what we feel like is the right thing to do for short, mid, and long-term, especially when it comes to those mid and long-term returns. We look forward to talking about our plan in February '24, but we just want to be careful talking about '24 just yet. 
Michael Lasser: I understood. Good luck to Greg Johnson. Thank you so much.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Michael. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Brett Jordan from Jeffries. 
Brett Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Good morning, Brett. 
Brad Beckham: Good morning Brett.
Brett Jordan: As you guys continue to gain market share in the space, could you talk a little bit about where you're seeing both that coming from smaller DIFM independence or national accounts, and then, I guess, obviously, it's got to be a shared donor as well, so is that also the smaller WDs that you're picking up from, or are things changing in market share relative to larger peers? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Hey, thanks, Brett. Another good question. Honestly, Brett, you've heard us say for a long time, it's always hard to tell all the moving pieces. We have extreme respect. We take all our competitors extremely seriously, the big four, the independence. We have tough, tough competitors on both the DIY and the professional side of the business. We spend our time focusing on we're our own worst competitor, meaning that we always have execution opportunities. We always have areas to get better. Honestly, to try to answer your question the best I can, we feel like it's a little bit of all the above. We feel like that everything from store operations, execution, service levels, continuing to work on our retention and turnover, got a brag on our supply chain team, continued improvements with our product availability, our assortments, and just really getting away from the COVID hangover, so to speak, when it comes to our supply chain, Brent and the entire supply chain team have done just an incredible job. But generally speaking, I think it's a little bit of everything you mentioned. I think pretty broad based from a customer standpoint, and we think it's probably fairly broad based from where it could be potentially coming from from a competitor aspect as well. 
Brett Jordan: Okay. I guess sort of a follow up to that. Now you're saying there's such big dispersion between execution on the distribution side. Are there any increased M&A opportunities, either large regional distributors that are private that you sort of see to maybe fill in some of that geographic white space you have out there around sort of between the Midwest and those Virginia DC? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Sure. I'll lead that off and then let Brent hit on kind of the first part of your question there. I'll just speak maybe to the M&A opportunities, as you know, we're always looking for opportunities when it comes to Greenfield expansion, but also strategic acquisitions that make a lot of sense from acquiring not only real estate and locations, but great teams of parts people that understand the professional side of the business and teaching those type companies how to be a dual market company. And so we're hopeful that maybe as things evolve the next year or two, valuations and things like that could look a little bit more attractive than they have the last couple of years, but still a bit hard to say, but absolutely, we're always looking at the one store deals, the our job or customers that we still have that potentially don't have an exit plan, one store deals, two store deals all the way up to some of the regional things. And we're hopeful that as we continue to get more aggressive in the upper mid-Atlantic and the true northeast that some of our other opportunities come to light. 
Brad Beckham: Yes. And Brett, I would just add maybe on the distribution and supply chain side of things, certainly the the exciting news about our Stafford facility that I talked about in my prepared comments, we're super excited about getting another large DC in the Mid-Atlantic. We see that as a big, untapped geography for us. And we're certainly investing to begin to take more advantage of that opportunity. And when you think about our distribution infrastructure, for us, it's something we're constantly looking at. And talked about the strength of where our DCs are located and, our DCs are where the cars are, where the people are, and we don't see that as an opportunity necessarily to, use 3PLs or, we want to own that. We want to run it. We want to operate it the way we always have. And we're always looking at hub store opportunities and how they augment the tiering of our DCs and where they are and how we can, be first in class in every market that we operate in in terms of parts availability. So we're going to continue to do that. We certainly see that that geography as a continued opportunity moving forward. 
Brett Jordan: All right. Thank you. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Thank you. 
Brad Beckham: Thanks Brett.
Brent Kirby: Thanks Brett.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Daniel Imbro from Stephens. 
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking our questions. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Good morning, Daniel. 
Daniel Imbro: Follow-up on Brett question about [indiscernible] here. Just curious how's the onboarding of the new customer progress? Any hiccups or learnings? Has he won so much business so quickly that any bottlenecks are limiting growth? Is that kind of behind some of these infrastructure investments you guys are talking about? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, maybe I'll start there. This is Jeremy and a little bit of interference on your sound. But I think the question really focuses around what, what have we learned as we've, as we've seen the share accelerate within our business in how is that impacting how we move forward? For sure, the increase volume that we're picking up, those are completely new customers that are unfamiliar to us in the markets that we're in. Every market we exist in, we spend on the professional side of our business, considerable amount of time understanding the market, understanding the shop's formulas, relationships. For us, the focus is always on how do we create value for those customers? How do we ensure that we're partnering with their businesses to help them be successful even as we grow business? For sure, as we've seen more and more opportunities to earn business over the course of really the last several years during the course of the pandemic, but especially as we've seen the ability to grow on top of growth with those customers, our touch points when we get that extra opportunity to provide outstanding service are just critical to being able to compound that growth. And I think as much as anything, what we've seen as we move through the last several quarters is our ability to provide excellent service to really to demonstrate the values that Brad talked about earlier, that we can provide excellent service, great informed technical people within our stores that understand the business can support the work of our professional customers, incredible parts availability, and just a broader support has provided an excellent value and continues to give us more and more opportunities. 
Daniel Imbro: That's helpful. And maybe I want to dig into the SG&A spend a little bit more. Are there any specific initiatives you can unpack around maybe what you're spending on, whether it's tech for your professional customers or delivery efficiency? Does anything need to help on that or clarify what you're spending on so we can better understand how it's driving sales? Thanks.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, I mean, I think that the general things that we've talked about are similar to how we've spoken to this item throughout throughout the course of the year. And we're always, I guess, somewhat reluctant to get too far down in the weeds. We think they're great investments for our company. And we, just competitively, we want to see them play out for a long period of time. But for sure, we've made a concerted effort to continue to invest within our team. And we've talked about enhanced benefits, PTO and 401-K improvements, and just more broadly how we think about how our store managers manage their work week and things along those lines. We continue to invest in the image and appearance of our stores and our fleet vehicles and ensuring that we get the safest vehicles on the road possible. And then technology continues to be a huge ongoing investment as we think about all the areas of the business where we can bring better tools online to support the work that our store teams are doing and taking care of our customers. 
Daniel Imbro: Fair enough. [indiscernible] and best of luck.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Daniel. 
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo. 
Zach Fadem: Hey, good morning, guys. I think we're getting a lot of mixed data points on the state of the industry. And putting your outperformance aside for a minute, curious to hear if you think the broader category is slowing or not? And to what extent the impact of a broader consumer slowdown would have on the aftermarket?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hey, Zach, it's Brad. I'll take a stab at that. And then I may flip it over to Brent to talk generally about what we're seeing and not seeing on some of those fronts. But generally speaking, Zach, we're just not seeing that. As part of our results, as you can imagine, it's just hard for us to say that we're really seeing that. When I look at, our positive DIY ticket count that I cited in our prepared comments, I mean, that's, that's encouraging for us. We're very excited about the execution of our teams on the DIY side, as well as the, as well as the professional side, when I review the, the data that comes in every week from our sales team on the professional side, we have all our comments and sales call recaps that come through our CRM. That that's not to say that, that within the service space that I see comments that some shops may be a little bit slower than other shops. But it's just hard for us to say with our results and what we hear and see on the street every day that there's an overall slowdown, we're just not seeing that. Again, there's times you see that some shops may be seeing a little less car count than others. And just like on the service side, or excuse me, just like on the, the aftermarket part side of our industry, there's some service providers that are taking more share and there could be some that are losing some share. So it's just hard to parse all that out and say that we're seeing an overall slowdown when we're really just not seeing that. 
Brent Kirby: Yes, and Zach, I would add to, I mean, just to echo Brad's comments, but it's really a tremendous testament to the culture and to the execution of our teams out there, our sales teams, our distribution center teams, I mean, they have just executed to an outstandingly high level and continue to and not that we're immune from any of those things that may happen in the greater macroeconomic, background, but, but we just have not seen the effect of that, through the Q3 results and we're not seeing it as we get into Q4 at this point. So we're going to continue to stay focused on executing, serving the need and meeting the demand out there. And we feel like good things will continue to follow. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, that may be the only thing I would add to that. I'm sorry, just one more thing. I know you kind of talked to how do we think about that moving forward. I think from a long term perspective, our view on the resiliency of our industry is unchanged. We've been, we've been through different cycles of challenges to the consumer in the past. And there are always the potential for short term shocks and impacts and fluctuations that might last a quarter or two. And we're always cautious in how we think about that near term outlook. But the underlying core drivers of demand within the aftermarket continue to be resilient and strong. The value proposition that, that investing in your existing vehicle has for, for a consumer is very attractive. We think it continues to get more attractive with the vehicle dynamic. And, and people are still, using their cars for, for so much of what encompasses daily life with miles driven, steadily expected increase. So those things are all I think positive as we think about, about really the longer term. And that's really where our focus is as we think about building our business. 
Zach Fadem: Okay, great. That's great color. And with respect to competition, it seems like the WDs had been operating with one hand tied behind their back in the early days post the pandemic. But with those businesses now back in stock and ready to recapture some of the share that they lost, do you think we could be entering a period of choppier pricing, particularly as we lap the double digit inflation in the industry? 
Brad Beckham: Yes, Zach, it's Brad. Well, the first thing I would say is I know we all in the industry anecdotally, felt like potentially some of the smaller players could have had a little bit more adversity when it came to supply, during the pandemic. And I think that was probably true. And I think it's probably accurate, for the most part, looking across the market that they're probably healthier than ever. I think the key with that, though, is that is that we had our opportunities to, we, Brent and I, and none of us were totally happy with how we performed during the pandemic, everything from merchandising to inventory control, purchasing down to the distribution operations, our bar at OReilly, knowing how important availability and replenishment is high. And so, we weren't totally happy with where with where we were. And, we've made incremental improvement as well. But I think the key to remember, Zach, on, when we had opportunities to pick up share, and we were able to, maybe move from third call to second, or we got the opportunity through, lack of supply from somebody else, and we were able to step in there with relationship service and back that up with availability, that that business, as Zach, especially on the professional side, is incredibly sticky, those relationships and that trust, it takes time to build that and to gain that business. It takes a long time to gain that business. And it would be challenging, or excuse me, it would be, it would be out of the norm to lose that business very quickly when you've really stepped in when somebody else fell down. And so, I think we just got to remember that that business is very sticky, the relationships are sticky and once that's built, it's very stable. On the pricing, no, we don't feel that way. We're not seeing that, and we really don't see that as an issue moving forward. I mean, time will tell, but as Zach, when we rolled out our pro pricing initiative, for example, that was very rifle approach, strategically geared toward some of the lines that maybe some of the WDs and two steppers were more aggressive than we were, and we purposely moved down and still stayed north of where a lot of those price points were. We didn't come down to really compete, knowing that they can move further down, and a lot of those folks live off volume anyway, and so we just don't see that as a near-term threat. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, and Zach, maybe to add a couple of comments to what Brad's already said on the pricing, especially from a WD perspective, if you think about what some of the things we did do to get stronger through some of the challenges that COVID that Brad talked about, we've continued to diversify our supply chain across multiple suppliers for various lines, especially in our proprietary brands. We continue to see our proprietary brands grow, so we continue to be pleased with what that is yielding in terms of our gross margins and how we're able to continue to enhance those moving forward. I feel like we're in a much better strategic position, probably, than we were going into COVID if there is something irrational that does come up out there, but we're just not seeing it at this point. 
Zach Fadem: Appreciate the thoughts, guys. Thanks for the time. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, thank you.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Zach. 
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. 
Simeon Gutman: Hey, good morning, everyone. First question is on a gross margin. It stepped back a bit from price investments, and we've come to accept that. It probably won't snap back anytime soon. Anything new on that as you get leverage over some of the distribution costs? Are you reinvesting those? Is there any reason we can see gross margin click back up? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, hey, Simeon, it's Jeremy. We continue to focus on gross profit dollar growth, so obviously in a few months here, we'll speak to where we think '24 might look, but at this stage, in our hope, I think from a longer-term perspective, as we think about our gross margins, really kind of comes to what we can do incrementally to improve the volume amount of our storage, which helps us leverage DC expenses. I think that obviously during the course of the pandemic was pressured as the supply chain's got more challenging and feel like that we've got an opportunity from a more normalized standpoint to do a bit better there as we take market share. Certainly, I think the value that we have as a partner to our suppliers to be an excellent way for them to grow their business and to, in the game, market share themselves is high, it continues to be, I think, kind of a favorite nation status for us, and obviously that's important for us as we work to manage our costs over the course of time, and I think what we've seen during the course of some of our pauses this year have been the ability to do incrementally better on the acquisition cost perspective, but our focus has always been how do we partner well with the supplier base and their communities, how do we improve availability so that we can drive top-line sales growth and then grow as proper dollars that flow from that. 
Simeon Gutman: Thanks, and then a quick follow-up. This is to clarify some of the points, Jeremy. You made, I think, Brad made around market share. The story of the incredible market share of this year, is that you said more new accounts that you hadn't serviced before, or is being a primary distributor meeting number one on the call, is that market share penetration, it keeps ticking higher?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, thanks for that question, Simeon, I wouldn't want there to be any confusion there. It's a little bit hard for us to really classify a new account versus not a new account. Our store teams are, man, they're relentless in understanding every dollar business that's done in the market. We will, especially, think about going into a new market. We're gonna canvas that market, and we're gonna take around our credit apps, and we're going to want to sign up everybody to be an O'Reilly customer from day one. So the concept of completely new customers is a little bit foreign for us. It's really how do you continue to grow our larger share of that wallet? And I think what we've seen, just broad-based over the strong momentum we've had, is that we've been able to grow share on both our larger accounts that were heavy purchases of O'Reilly parts, and maybe we already had first-class status all the way down what the culture would have looked like. So it's pretty broad-based for us. I don't know if there's any one type of customer group that we think is outside that moves the needle versus the broader population. 
Simeon Gutman: Okay, thanks. Good luck. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Simeon.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys, good morning. It's Mike [indiscernible] on for Greg. Thanks for taking a question. I wanted to ask, first off, if I could, about the impact of inflation in the quarter. Can you just give us a sense of the level there? And then, do you see inflation just basically turning into more disinflation in the fourth quarter, or should we be thinking about the potential for outright deflation to come in? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. Third quarter was kind of low single digits, that's kind of continued ratchet down this year, completely in line with what we expect. We don't, by any means, anticipate deflation within our business. We think our industry over the long-term has been able to hold the price levels. There's a lot of inventory investment. It's a nondiscretionary spend for certain, even as some of us realize some cost improvements. We've been able to hold on to our prices, and that's what we would anticipate seeing moving forward. We've really, sort of, as we've exited third quarter, and we think about fourth quarter, we would really say, and I'll break that in his comments, a normalized inflation environment, we'll have a little bit of it. It's gonna be in that low single digits, not a huge tailwind, but really more consistent with what we've historically seen within the business, with the opportunity from an added benefit perspective that as parts become more complex and the new applications have better technology, the engineered better, the complexity is going to drive the overall value of the changing dynamic of parts to cause average tickets to go up, and then it's our challenge to continue to grow those tickets just on how we provide great service to our customers. 
Unidentified Analyst: And just from a gross margin comparison, I just wanted to ask anything to know from a LIFO perspective, as we head into the fourth quarter and or any impact from that on the third quarter?
Jeremy Fletcher: No, really, as we think about our, how we report and think about our gross margin, we view our reported gross margin as the best measurement of how we think about the business, most current reflection of what we're paying for parts today and don't really, I think, internally or externally view some of the changes in the nominal LIFO reserves on our balance sheet to be as relevant for us as what we think the top line reported margin is, and we continue to expect that to be stable as we've maintained our guidance really all year long on that item. 
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, good luck. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Mike. 
Brad Beckham: Thanks Mike. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Christopher Hoevers from JPMorgan. 
Christopher Hoevers: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my question and best of luck and congratulations, Greg. My first question is trying to dial in a little bit more on the SG&A. I guess, can you talk or help us think about how much of the SG&A is just naturally more variable relative to other retail models given how you incentivize and reward your employees? So like if, if comps were up three to five and we backed out the PTO adjustment, but then you ended up doing an eight, how would you think about that normalized SG&A for store growth of two to two and a half? What would that go to holding everything else constant? 
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, thanks, Chris. Appreciate the question. And there are, I think, a lot of moving pieces in that, especially in a year like this year when we've done some things that are outside of our normal cadence that's spend as it relates to the investments that we've made. You know, we still continue to operate a relatively high fixed cost model just because of the nature of having so many units in the store teams that are there. So that does benefit us as we grow sales and be reluctant, I think, a little bit to quantify or try to parse out those individual numbers, but I think there is a positive. Certainly in a year like this when we've seen such an acceleration in growth, there's just a level of activity that that requires and that's a lot of what we saw here in the third quarter. Part of that's incentive comp, but part of it is, especially on the professional side of business, we don't want to ever be in a spot where we can't get parts out to our shops really quickly and manage that business. So it is a little bit of a mix between the two and I think it kind of a little bit more of a normalized sales environment. We expect that we'd be in a pretty stable place, but for sure our approach this year has been as we have gained the momentum that we have have the opportunity to accelerate that growth by investing in the business has been a key priority for us. 
Christopher Hoevers: Understood. And if we went back at 10 to 15 years ago, there was always this view that there was a view that you actually originally agreed with that like private label parts aren't gonna work for certain type of cars, whether it's a foreign name plate, certain mechanics didn't like private label and there was this push to have access to OEM parts, particularly on the foreign name plate side. Do you think the industry has changed in any way where there is the customer, the mechanics more amenable and how has your capabilities around that changed over time? 
Brad Beckham: Hey Chris, this Brad, that's a great question and I'll take a stab at it and then maybe flip it to Brent for any other commentary on private label. And I think your overall, I think it's accurate what you said, this is my 27th year with the company when you think back to the early 2000s and you think about the 90s, just in my experience back then, there was less quality in some cases going into private label boxes back then and we sold against that for a long, long time with a lot of success with more of the national brands in the national company, so to speak, but really is really the last couple of decades have evolved. The quality that goes into our exclusive national brands is unbelievable, a lot of those same parts, not only meet OE quality fit form and function, but they exceed and so you think about the success we've had with Import Direct specifically to what you're talking about with the European name plates along with the Asian, we couldn't have more confidence in the quality fit form and function that's going into that OE box and it is again, not only OE, in a lot of cases, it's better than OE and so I do think that dynamic has changed some over the decades and so we have a lot of confidence in what's going into our exclusive national brand box and we feel really good, we have a lot of opportunity to continue to get better at gaining share in the specifically European shops, we have a lot of tremendous competitors out there that have been really great at that for a long time but we feel really good about all those things so Brent, any other thoughts on the private label?
Brent Kirby: I think maybe just a couple of other thoughts on private label, what we've seen, Brad called out the success of our proprietary brand, Import Direct but as we've continued to build more quality and spec in the box, we've just continued to see more adoption and uptake for those, we launched, we have our break best break line, we got good better best, we've got full line designs in our proprietary brands now, we launched break breath select pro earlier this year, we've seen tremendous both uptake on both the DIY and the professional side, again, customers looking for quality and they're looking for something that's gonna meet their need at the time of need so we've talked a little bit about proprietary brand penetration now being over 50% of our revenue, we continue to see that number grow, we continue to see strong adoption of those proprietary brands, both with our DIY and professional customers so we'll continue to lean into that strategy and we'll also continue to have a national brand as part of our line design and where we think it has relevancy in that particular category. 
Christopher Hoevers: Make sense, thanks very much guys. 
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Chris. 
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions, I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks. 
Brad Beckham: Hey, this is Brad, thank you Holly. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your unwavering dedication and the great results you have generated throughout 2023. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year results in February, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the OReilly Automotive, Inc. Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Matthew, and Ill be your operator for todays call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During todays conference call, we will discuss our second quarter 2023 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. And we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words, such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The companys actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the companys latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the OReilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are our Co-Presidents, Brad Beckham and Brent Kirby; as well as Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David OReilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. Id like to begin our call today thanking Team OReilly for their continued dedication to consistently providing excellent service to our customers. Our teams proven ability to execute our business strategy at a high level drove our second quarter comparable store sales increase of 9%, exceeding our expectations on the  both the professional and DIY sides of our business. For the first six months of 2023, we generated a 9.8% increase in comparable store sales, which is the direct result of our teams unrelenting focus on providing the best customer service in our industry. Our team members and our culture remain our greatest assets. I made the exact same statement on our first quarter call, but it warrants repeating. Our commitment to strengthening our culture and investing in our team is paying clear dividends in our continued strong performance and I want to congratulate all of Team OReilly on another outstanding job in the second quarter. Driven by the strength of our top line performance, were also pleased to deliver a robust 16% increase in diluted earnings per share. Our operating cost spend was elevated above our expectations, which Brad will discuss in more detail during his prepared comments, but we remain pleased with the investments we have made in our business to build on the momentum our teams are generating. Our EPS results reflect our ability to produce strong, compounding operating profit dollar growth, and we are committed to aggressively capitalizing on the opportunities we see to provide enhanced value for our customers and earn even greater market share. As a result of our strong top line performance, we are increasing our full year 2023 EPS guidance to a range of $37.05 to $37.55, reflecting our second quarter results and shares repurchased since our last call. At the midpoint of this revised range, we now expect our full year EPS to increase 12% over 2022. As we disclosed in our press releases last night, after 41 years of service to our company, Ive made the decision to retire next January. At that time, Brad Beckham will take over my role as Chief Executive Officer with direct responsibility to the Board as the leader of our executive team. We will also be promoting Brent Kirby to the role of company President. As you know, Brad and Brent assumed the roles of Co-President earlier in the year, and they have both taken on increasing levels of responsibility and prominence in the leadership of our business over the past several years. Succession planning has always been a very important and methodical process at our company. In many ways, our upcoming change mirrors the successful leadership transitions we have seen before in our companys history, including when Jeff Shaw and I were elevated to lead the company in 2018 and Greg Henslee and Ted Wise were selected as the first non-OReilly family members in the top leadership roles of CEO and COO in 2005. Brad and Brent are both extremely talented and experienced individuals, who have the full support of our team, and I have every confidence they will continue to deliver on our companys long-term track record of success. Over the period of now  from now through January 31, we will complete the transition of the day-to-day operations of the company to Brad and Brent. Finally, Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David OReilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, will also be continuing in their roles and along with our full Board will support Brad, Brent and our executive team in executing our strategy and driving the long-term value for our shareholders. As I finish up my prepared comments, I would like to again thank our team for continuing to provide industry-leading customer service every day and generating excellent results in the first half of 2023. Im extremely proud of all of you, and Im excited to keep the momentum strong in the back half of the year. Ill now turn the call over to Brad Beckham. Brad?
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by congratulating Team OReilly on another excellent performance in the second quarter. Our continued industry-leading sales performance is the direct result of our teams unwavering commitment to our companys culture of providing excellent customer service, and I would like to thank all of our team members for their hard work and dedication. Over the last several quarters, our team has generated tremendous momentum in our business, and that strength carried into the second quarter, driving our outstanding top line sales performance. As weve discussed on our last quarters conference call, we faced some pressure from the timing of spring weather at the end of the first quarter, but our business rebounded with the onset of normal spring weather in April. Those strong sales trends continued throughout the quarter, resulting in our outperformance versus our expectations in each month of the quarter. From a cadence perspective, our results were very steady in each month of the quarter both in absolute terms and as compared to our expectations. The ability of our team to drive high levels of sustained sales growth month after month is the product of consistent daily execution of our key business fundamentals. And I couldnt be more pleased with how consistently Team OReilly has performed in the first half of 2023. Now I would like to provide additional details on our sales performance in professional and DIY. Our professional business was again the outperformer in the second quarter. Our team delivered a mid-teens comparable store sales increase in our professional business in the quarter with incredibly strong growth coming on top of double-digit professional comps in the second quarter of 2022. The compounded gains we are seeing on this side of our business reflect a sustained high level of customer service and execution that has allowed us to translate increased sales gains into future business opportunities. Every chance we have with a professional customer to prove our exceptional value gives us the ability to earn the next call and capture even more of that customers business. As we have seen our business grow over the last few years, our store teams have made the most of these incremental opportunities and we continue to see runway to leverage our proven business model and execution to gain market share. Turning to DIY. We continue to be reasonably pleased with this side of our business with our teams delivering steady comparable store sales growth, consistent with our overall trends in the first quarter. As we move past the spring weather volatility we experienced at the end of the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter, our DIY business has been very steady with consistently positive performance in each month of the quarter. Our comparable store sales increase in our DIY business was driven by increased average ticket values aided by same SKU inflation, but we were also pleased to see flat DIY ticket count comps in the second quarter. Average ticket growth was in the mid-single digits on a combined basis for both sides of our business and drove the larger share of our comparable store sales increase. However, strength in ticket count comps, especially in our professional business, was the larger contributor to our outperformance versus our expectations. Our average ticket growth was driven primarily by same SKU inflation, which was in line with our expectations, coupled with a modest benefit from product mix and complexity in our professional business. As anticipated, same-SKU inflation we realized in the second quarter ticked down from the tailwind we saw in the first quarter. We continue to expect to see this benefit moderate in the back half of 2023 as we lap impact of 2022 price increases. This dynamic was built into our initial guidance expectations and remains unchanged. To wrap up my comments on sales, I would like to highlight our updated sales guidance and full year outlook. From a macro perspective, we continue to remain bullish on the strength of our industry and prospects for the remainder of 2023. Our customer base has continued to be very resilient and willing to prioritize the maintenance and repair of their existing vehicles in order to avoid taking on a payment for newer, more costly vehicles. While we still maintain an element of caution with regard to the outlook for the overall U.S. economy and the potential for heightened economic pressures, we believe that current market dynamics combine to provide a strong backdrop for demand in our industry. In light of this backdrop, we are increasing our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 5% to 7% from our previous range of 4% to 6% with a corresponding increase in total sales guidance to $15.4 billion to $15.7 billion. This increase reflects our year-to-date performance through todays call. As Ive already discussed, we anticipate moderation in our comparable store sales expectations in the back half of the year as we realize less built-in benefit from same SKU increases. Our expectations also incorporate more challenging ticket count comparisons as we move through the back half of the year. The combined impact of both of these factors is driving the anticipated deceleration in our comparable store sales guidance in the second half of 2023 versus the 9.8% increase we generated in the first six months of 2023. However, our teams remain highly motivated to take share in every market, and we remain diligent in delivering a high level of customer service to accelerate our sales momentum. Before I move on from sales, I will add that were pleased to be off to a strong start in the third quarter as we have seen the robust sales trends in the first half of the year continue with incremental strength from the extreme heat in many of our markets in the first few weeks of July. Now I would like to discuss our second quarter SG&A results, which came in higher than our original expectations for the quarter and were above the long-term growth rate necessary to operate our business model. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 30.3%, a deleverage of 71 basis points from the second quarter of 2022. This deleverage was driven by an increase in SG&A per store of approximately 10%. This heightened level of SG&A was incorporated in part into our initial expectations for 2023, but ultimately came in higher than anticipated driven by a few key factors I will briefly recap. Coming into 2023, we identified several key initiatives targeted to enhance our long-term operational strength with an intent to capitalize on the considerable momentum we have generated in our business to further separate ourselves from the competition and consolidate the market. We have been pleased with the progress of these initiatives and in a few instances, realized an opportunity to accelerate these investments in the second quarter. A good example relates to our plans this year to increase our spend on refreshing the image and appearance of our stores, which is targeted at both strategic projects as well as improved general maintenance of our existing facilities. We have sought to return to a new normal post pandemic  we have been  excuse me, as we have sought to return to a new normal post pandemic, we have been working hard to catch up on deferred maintenance needs of our stores that have unfortunately accumulated over the last couple of years. As a result, part of our SG&A pressure in the second quarter was driven by going faster than originally planned to address this issue. The image, appearance and shoppability of our stores is incredibly important to our ability to drive DIY traffic, customer satisfaction and in turn share gains over time. We have also seen good traction in our efforts to enhance our team member experience and benefits. Our initiatives here have reaped better-than-expected team member retention but have also contributed to the overall cost of these enhancements, which coupled with the deferred compensation SG&A headwind Jeremy will discuss in a moment, added to our SG&A growth in the quarter. Outside of these deliberate decisions to enhance our business, we unfortunately also faced pressure during the quarter from a higher-than-expected self-insured auto liability exposure driven by inflation and claim costs. Ultimately, we retain control of our most significant driver of our total SG&A spend and the decisions we make around store payroll and appropriate staffing levels within our stores. Ensuring we have the strongest possible team delivering the best customer service in the industry is one of the most important, if not the most important driver of our long-term success. Our total payroll spend in the second quarter was another contributor to the higher-than-normal SG&A per store increase driven by total head count and staffing levels, coupled with higher incentive compensation with wage rates largely in line with our expectations. As we have discussed often in the past, we manage this key component of our SG&A spend with a long-term focus. As we have continued to see our business accelerate over the last year-plus since exiting the pandemic, we have prioritized ensuring that our stores are delivering a high level of service on both sides of our business. When we gain share with new and existing customers as we have seen over the last two years, we create an opportunity to prove our industry-leading value proposition as a trusted supplier and in turn earn repeat expanded business. In these situations, we are judicious about how we manage staffing levels to ensure we are delivering the excellent customer service that develops and maintains long-term relationships. As we look forward to the balance of the year, we now expect to see an SG&A per store increase of approximately 6%, which reflects our first half results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. Implicit in this guidance is our expectation that per store SG&A growth will moderate versus what we have seen in the first half of 2023 even as we continue to pursue strategic initiatives in our business. We remain highly committed to expense control as a culture value and have set high expectations for the long-term productivity of the investments were making today. We have a long track record of diligently managing our expenses to match the business conditions we are seeing in our markets, and we will continue to prudently adjust our operating cost structure to drive long-term value in our business. Finally, we still continue to expect our full year operating profit margin to come in within the range of 19.8% to 20.3% of sales. Before I turn the call over to Brent, I would like to thank our entire team for their unwavering hard work and commitment so far in 2023. I am extremely humbled to have the opportunity to service  our companys next Chief Executive Officer. And I couldnt be more excited to work side by side with our over 88,000 dedicated professional parts people to provide the best service possible to our customers and in turn drive outstanding performance for years to come. Now Ill turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Brad. And I would like to join Greg and Brad in congratulating Team OReilly on the strength of our performance in the second quarter. Our strong top line sales performance and continued ability to outperform the market and gain share is a direct result of our teams relentless commitment to providing excellent customer service. And I want to thank all of our team members for their dedication to our company and to our customers. Now I will walk through our second quarter gross margin results, what we are seeing in the competitive environment and discuss our investments in inventory, exciting developments in our store and distribution growth and capital expenditures. Beginning with gross margin. Our second quarter gross margin of 51.3% was down just six basis points from the second quarter of 2022 and at the top end of our expectations. Our second quarter of 2023 represents the first quarter after we have fully lapped the rollout of our professional pricing initiative and atypical LIFO impacts, which provides us a much clearer read on a year-over-year gross margin performance, excluding the noise that these factors have caused in prior quarters. We are pleased with the stability of our gross profit results, especially in light of the pressure we continue to face from the extremely strong performance of our professional business. As this side of our business has continued to outperform, we have faced mix headwinds to gross margin but have been able to offset this pressure with incremental improvements in acquisition cost, solid leverage of distribution expenses and positive shrink results. I would also like to provide some color on the cost and pricing dynamics we are seeing in our industry, both on the acquisition side of our supply chain and across the competitive environment in our markets. The short and sweet answer is that our industry remains rational and cost and pricing continue to be very stable, consistent with what we have seen over the past several quarters. Our supplier partners continue to see some degree of inflationary pressure, while at the same time, we have been able to realize incremental opportunities to reduce acquisition costs across some product categories. These puts and takes are occurring in a much more normalized pattern than what we experienced in 2021 and 2022 and are in line with how we would view normal conditions in our industry from a historical perspective. Pricing to DIY and professional customers in the industry has remained rational. And we have not seen significant changes in market pricing dynamics in the industry in 2023. Where we have seen increases in product acquisition and other costs, we continue to be successful in passing these increases through in selling price and are confident that this will continue into the future. As we have discussed many times on these calls, prices ultimately not always the deciding factor that determines where a customer will take their business. Our team continues to perform at a high level by delivering industry-leading product availability and excellent customer service, and these strengths have enabled us to win share at appropriate gross margins in a competitive industry. As we move into the back half of 2023, our gross margin results can vary based on product sales mix in any individual quarter or the timing of the pass-through of acquisition cost changes. But we are maintaining our full year gross margin guidance and continue to expect the back half of the year to fall within the 50.8% to 51.3% range. Inventory per store finished the quarter at $762,000, which was in line with our expectations, up 12% from this time last year and 4% compared to the beginning of the year. We continue to track toward our planned inventory per store increase of 2% by the end of 2023. Our AP-to-inventory ratio at the end of the second quarter was 134%, in line with the beginning of the year and slightly better than our expectations, supported by strong sales volumes and inventory turns. We are pleased with the health of our supply chain and continued improvements in store in-stock position. It is clear to us that our industry-leading inventory availability has been a key factor driving our robust sales results, and we continue to prioritize deploying the right inventory at the optimal position in our DC, hub and store network. Turning to our growth initiatives and capital investment, we are extremely excited to complete the very successful opening of our first new OReilly distribution center in Guadalajara, Mexico earlier in July. This 370,000 square foot facility will have the capacity to ultimately service 250 stores in the Guadalajara Metro area and surrounding regions in Mexico. Even more importantly, our new facility will be a game changer for our business model in Mexico. Since our entry into Mexico in 2019, we have supported our inventory strategies by utilizing a network of smaller distribution centers and warehouses that were part of the historical operations of Mayasa. Our new facility gives us the ability to deploy a much more significant inventory investment and leverage this enhanced and highly competitive inventory availability position. It is our goal in Mexico, just as in all our domestic markets, to be the industry leader in putting the right part in the hands of our customers faster than the competition. And our new facility in Guadalajara provides the necessary platform to execute our strategy. We have a long history of successful distribution center openings, but each new facility is a significant undertaking and requires incredible hard work and coordination across our organization. We could not be more pleased with the partnership between our U.S. and Mexico teams that drove the highly successful acquisition, development and opening of this new facility. It is an understatement to say that our store teams in Mexico are very energized by the opportunities that our new distribution center unlocks. And they are dedicated to leveraging all of our competitive advantages as they outwork the competition to grow market share. From a store growth perspective, we successfully opened 42 stores during the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to 100 net new store openings. Our team is on pace to hit our plan of 180 to 190 net new store openings for 2023. Our openings in the first half of the year were very well balanced across our store footprint with new stores coming online in 34 different states, Puerto Rico and Mexico. Our ability to spread our growth across many markets positions us to be highly selective in hiring and training the outstanding teams that drive the success of our new stores. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our new stores and view our organic store growth as a key priority for our use of capital. Total capital expenditures for the first six months of 2023 were $461 million, up substantially from the first six months of 2022, but in line with our ambitious plans to deploy capital against projects and initiatives that will drive long-term growth and operational gains for our business. We remain on target to hit our capital expenditure guidance range of $750 million to $800 million. To close my comments, I want to once again thank Team OReilly for their hard work and continued dedication to our customers. Now, Ill turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brent. I would also like to thank team OReilly for their continued hard work and exceptional professionalism. Now, we will cover some additional details on our second quarter results and guidance for the remainder of 2023. For the quarter sales increased $398 million driven by a 9% increase in comparable store sales and a $75 million non-comp contribution from stores opened in 2022 and 2023 that have not yet entered the comp base. Brad covered our SG&A expense in the quarter in detail, but I did want to provide some additional color on our deferred compensation plan expenses given the nature of how this plan runs through our income statement. For many years, the company has sponsored a non-qualified deferred comp plan for team members whose participation would otherwise be limited in our qualified 401K Plan. Since this is a non-qualified plan, the company maintains a liability for the obligation to pay the value of the deferred compensation to team members in the future, adjusted to reflect asset performance and also holds a corresponding asset for the fully funded and participant directed assets in the plan. However, market value changes in the plan are reflected on different line items on our income statement with an increase in value driving an increase in SG&A expense and an offsetting benefit below the line in other income. Historically, the net impact has not been significant to either line item, but given the increased size of the plan assets and the more significant market value changes both in the second quarter of 2023 and 2022, we wanted to highlight the difference so that you will be able to update your models. The year-over-year swing in the market values of plan assets drove a $9 million increase in SG&A expense were 24 basis points with a corresponding $9 million year-over-year favorable change in other income and expense. Our second quarter effective tax rate was 22.5% of pre-tax income comprised of a base rate of 24.3% reduced by a 1.8% benefit from share-based compensation. This compares to the second quarter 2022 rate of 23.8% of pre-tax income, which was comprised of a base rate of 24.3% reduced by a 0.5% benefit from share-based compensation. Our second quarter base tax rate was in line with our expectations with the total effective tax rate below our expectations due to the higher than planned benefits from share-based compensation. For the full year of 2023, we now expect an effective tax rate of 22.5% comprised of a base rate of 23.4%, reduced by a benefit of 0.9% from share-based compensation. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate is expected to be lower than the other three quarters due to the tolling of certain tax periods. Variation in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now, we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the first six months of 2023 was $1.2 billion in line with the first half of 2022 with growth in income and a benefit from favorable timing of tax payments and disbursements for renewable energy tax credits, offset by increased capital expenditures in 2023 versus the prior year, and a lower benefit from a reduction in net inventory this year versus 2022. For 2023, we now expect free cash flow at a range of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion, up $100 million from our previous guidance range based on operating cash flow performance in the first half of the year. Moving on to debt, we finished the second quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.92 times, which is up compared to our end of 2022 ratio of 1.84 times with the increase driven by borrowings on our revolving credit facility. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program and during the second quarter, we repurchased 0.8 million shares at an average share price of $904.37 for a total investment of $680 million. Year-to-date through our press release yesterday, we repurchased 2.2 million shares at an average share price of $855.22 for a total investment of $1.9 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price inclusive of the current excise tax cost is supported by the discounted expected future cash flows of our business. And we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, the updated EPS guidance outlined by Greg earlier includes the impact of shares repurchase through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. Finally, before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to again thank the entire OReilly team for their continued dedication to the companys long-term success. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Matthew, the operator to return to the line and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Q - Simeon Gutman: Hey, good morning, everyone. Its Simeon Gutman. Congratulations to Brad, Brent and you, Greg. My first question is market share. It looks like the spread with OReilly in the industry is accelerating, at least it has in this calendar year. A question is to what do you attribute it? The only thing that we could put our finger on is a year ago the PPI [ph] initiative, so maybe it just took a year for those investments to ruse, so curious what your take on the market share acceleration is due to.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hey, good morning, Simeon. Thanks. Its Brad. Yes. I think the PPI is a little bit easy to point to because its a little bit more tangible for everybody looks into our company, but I would say that if you talk to our operators like we do every day, the biggest thing were seeing is just a huge opportunity starting with our team, our culture, the things weve done to stabilize our team to rebound from kind of the COVID hangover in terms of some of the turnover and maybe what was subpar for us from a service standpoint is we just feel really great first and foremost about the teams weve built, what were doing with our human capital and the service that our store teams, our distribution teams, and our corporate offices are providing. Second thing I would say is that especially from operations and sales, the first thing they point to when we talk to them about what were seeing in the market, Simeon is the position were in from a supply chain standpoint is, as you know, as good as anybody. Our immediacy of need and non-discretionary business, its all about on both sides of the business. Its all about who has the right part at the right place at the right time, and I just couldnt be more pleased with the job that Brent and the merchant team, the inventory management, purchasing team and our distribution teams are doing for our store operators. They have just got us in a better position than weve been in a long time, and we feel like were playing from a position of strength from the team side, from the supply chain side and all the work were doing with our professional customers out in the field every day making sales calls. And then obviously, we still feel good about everything we did with PPI.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Simeon, if I could maybe add to what Brad said there. First of all, thanks for the congrats and Brad did a nice job of expressing confidence in the supply chain team and our inventory position. Obviously, as weve said over and over again, weve got to be competitive on price, which we are and continue to be and will continue to be, but what outweighs price is inventory, availability and service level. And Brad and his teams in the field have just done an outstanding job of making sure were positioned to provide the highest level of service in the industry.
Simeon Gutman: Yes. And maybe the follow-up on that point this year youre investing, it sounds like a little more at this -- in the -- at stores to get the experience improved. Service was part of it. Is it -- is there a case that you should continue to lean in given that you have transitions happening at competitors, might we see that the flow through be a little weaker as you should just lean into the business, and especially given how strong it is, are you think -- is that a thought that investment mode may continue?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah, great question, Simeon, and I think youve picked up I think the key thesis behind this is weve talked about it really all year that, that coming into 2023. Weve just identified areas that, that we felt really from a long-term perspective allow us to invest within our business and continue to really double down on the momentum that weve seen. For us to have, I think such a sustained expense control culture within our organization for such a long period of time, thats a substantial undertaking to think about it in those ways and to move forward and absolutely as weve done that that has been very focused and targeted towards a strong return on those dollars that were spending. And weve thought about that from a long-term perspective. We -- here we are, we sit in July halfway through our year, and I think weve given clear expectations around where we think well finish out the year and funny, we dont really provide guidance for 2024 until later on and we get closer so its -- I think its a little bit premature for us to I think talk too specifically about that. For sure, 2023 has been a heightened year for us. A -- but at the same time, to your question, Im not going to say that as we move forward, we wont find other opportunities for us to invest in our business and we will continue to do so aggressively when we feel like thats appropriate. Having said that, we have an expense control focus and were diligent in how we manage to that, and its our expectation that, that well continue to see the levels of productivity on a long-term basis and improvements in how we think about the returns on our operating cost spend, that, that, its consistent with what weve seen over the long course of our business.
Simeon Gutman: Yes. Thanks. Well done. Good luck in the second half.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Simeon.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Simeon.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Your line is live.
Greg Melich: I think -- my first question is on the same SKU rate of disinflation, I think you said its coming in as planned. Could you just update us on what that actually was in the quarter and what you expect it to be in the back half?
Brent Kirby: Yes, yes, Greg. We -- I think we had said that, as mid-single digits in the quarter, we think that moderates in the back half of the year. It wont get all the way to flat but we would expect it to  by the time, we kind of exit this year. At that stage, youre really just talking about kind of what weve seen in the current year from a year-over-year perspective. And weve kind of  as Greg mentioned in  or Im sorry, as Brent mentioned in his comments, weve kind of normalized to what we think are more kind of historical long-term rates there. So that would  that puts you kind of in the low single digit range and  but really  as Brent mentioned, thats all fallen almost directly in line with what we wouldve anticipated for this year.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then maybe if you talk a little bit about the category mix that youre seeing in both Pro and DIY, it sounded like some of the bigger ticket stuff with some of your competitors got a little softer, maybe some trade out happening in those categories or batteries, how some of these things are doing on both sides of the house.
Brent Kirby: Yes, Greg. Speak to  Ill speak to a little bit of that in terms of categories at a high level. I mean, we always are looking for  we have complete lines across good, better, best product offerings. Were always looking, is there any trade down  trade across, trade up, depending on where the consumer is. And similar to what we saw in the first quarter and how we answered this question on the call a quarter ago, we actually saw a little bit of a trade up from better to best and good kind of stayed where at the normal baseline that weve seen historically there. So were not seeing trade down with the consumer at this point. I mean, in terms of categories where we have seen strength, I would attribute a lot of that strength to better in stock position, in categories like radiators and in some cases break components versus where we were a year ago on a comparable basis or even where we were in first quarter on some of those categories. So we continue to see our store in-stock position improve. And as we talked about in our prepared comments, we really believe thats a huge contributor to our share gains.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Greg, this is Greg. I just might add one comment there. In addition to what Brent said, we continue to also see strength and growth in our proprietary brands as well. They currently make up over half of our sales overall.
Greg Melich: Got it. Thats great. And good luck.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Thanks, Greg. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Your line is live.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, everybody, and congratulations to everybody on their updates. My first question is, as you  can you talk about what youre seeing from a national accounts versus the up and down the Street business perspective is one of relative strength. Are you seeing any pricing differential in those two businesses? That sounds like the answers no. And then lastly, I think itd be helpful maybe if you could size how much national accounts contributes to the overall business.
Brad Beckham: Hey, good morning, Chris. Its Brad. Hey, Ill start this one and a couple others may want to jump in, but great question. I think, as you know us growing our company over the last few decades from humble beginnings here in the center part of the country and growing out toward the coast through acquisition and greenfield expansion. We founded our company on the independent garage. What you called up and down the Street accounts, the small everything from a shadetree mechanic to the larger independent garages that compete very well with the larger players. And then obviously as we  weve grown over time, you have your small accounts, you have your mid-size accounts, and then obviously, we do have a sizable book of strategic account business thats made up of both national players and regional players. Part of that is, as you know, Chris, is we still have that gap in footprint, we have kind of in the upper mid-Atlantic and going up into New York and those markets, that doesnt always match up with some of the biggest national players. So thats still an opportunity for us as we build out the U.S. But really from what weve seen from your direct question about kind of what were seeing in our share gains and momentum and how that relates to pricing on the Street. Were seeing every bit of our business grow very consistently from the small shops, the larger independent garages, our strategic accounts, all that is very consistent in what were seeing. And weve never quantified the exact how that splits out between our strategic and our other book of business. But I would tell you that our  by far the foundation of our professional business is the independent garage and the way that we built that from the ground up.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Chris, if I just add one thing to that maybe in respect to your size question, Brad talked about it, those are the national regional account. Theyre very important customers to us. Theyre an important part of our business. But we may differ from others in that the relative size of that business for us is, its not so significant that its a huge needle mover to our overall performance. Its important, as Brad mentioned, its grown consistently well along with the rest of our business, but it is not a dynamic that has caused our results to be significantly different than the broader base of business.
Chris Horvers: Got it. Thank you for that. My follow-up question is for you, Jeremy, I mean, if you look back historically, gross margin seasonality is pretty flattish over the year X periods where you have inflation or deflation  Im sorry, like yes, inflation or disinflation in the business. And you talk about things getting back to normal. So I guess, does that  would that suggest that the back half of the year is maybe in the sort of the upper half of the  upper half of your guide, sort of consistent with the year-to-date level? Thank you.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I appreciate that question. And youve been around our story for a really long time to go back to those periods when you could say that the quarter-to-quarter wasnt impacted by some of the noisy items, the life of story itself has been a long history. But I think your appropriate to identify that, generally speaking, seasonality, it has some impact on our gross margin results. Product mix in any quarter can have some impact as well. But theyre going to be I think much less muted moving forward than some of the larger variances weve seen. I tell you, wed be cautious in saying that the guidance would be in the back half of the year or in the top half of the range in the back half of the year. For no other reason than we  weve seen our professional business continue to perform well and we give a guidance range for a reason. Theres going to be some degree of volatility around product mix and the timing of pricing. And Brent called those out in the script, but we feel comfortable with the guidance range that weve had. And really with the strength of our gross margin as weve seen our business accelerate and be successful. Its important for us to be able to grow those sales in the right way. And weve seen that with I think the steadiness of our gross margin results.
Chris Horvers: Thanks guys. Best of luck.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Your line is live.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. Scot Ciccarelli. Were hearing from the field that services facilities are seeing slower tire sales, presumably that would stem from increased economic pressure. So the questions are, A, are you hearing similar from your customers? And then B, even though, you guys dont sell tires, you would presumably sell parts on a car being brought in for service. So how much exposure to such a train could OReilly have just from a customer standpoint? Thanks.
Brad Beckham: Hey, good morning, Scot. Its Brad. As you said, we dont sell tires and I want to be careful not to speak for the professional customer installer base. But what we see generally is kind of good and good meaning if our shops are selling a lot of tires, then they have wheels off, they have, theyre looking at, theyre doing inspections, theyre looking at brake parts, theyre looking at the chassis, theyre looking at a lot of different things. But then, if theyre not selling tires, they have a little bit more time on their hands to spend a little bit more time with customers and diagnose better and potentially get ahead of some of the DIFM job. So I just want to be careful to answer that two pointed versus that population. But we havent really seen anything with softer tire sales. The way business comes to us, we really havent seen anything on that front.
Greg Johnson: Yes. And I think maybe just more broadly, Scot, the consumer that we engage and interact with continues to be resilient and healthy. We  as you know, we benefit from just the nature of our industry and the immediacy of need and the key, I guess, value of that transportation demand being so high that we always tend to be a little bit lagging to others that start to see pressure there. Were cognizant that in short periods of time you can see customer reactions, but we still have a lot of confidence in what we see as we interact with our customers. Theyre valuing the proposition of keeping the cars on the road. Its a good return on their investment. I think well continue to see that as we have in past economic cycles. But at this point, we havent seen any of those types of things that you would point to that would indicate the customer  our customer is suffering.
Brent Kirby: Hey, Scot, just maybe to add one other point to the points that Brad and Jeremy have already made. Interestingly enough, weve continued to see strength in under car ride control, chassis, a lot of those categories that are getting looked at when the cars up on the rack. So just throw that in as well for color.
Scot Ciccarelli: I appreciate that. And then just a quickie on accounts payable, inventory stays, pretty elevated, Jeremy, is there any reason that should shift by the time we hit year end or is it just the accelerated sales pace and we should continue to see kind of like 125%, 130% type ratio? Thank you.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, we would expect it would stay at reasonably elevated levels there. Sometimes it can moderate a bit just on seasonality of how some things flow through in the back after the year within our free cash flow expectations. Weve got a little bit of that built in. But we continue to see a strong productivity out of our existing inventory, even as weve added over the course of the last year. And ability to turn that inventory helps us to maintain that negative net investment that is so nice to have.
Scot Ciccarelli: Awesome. Thanks guys.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Your line is live.
Brian Nagel: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I would like to add my congratulations to the promotions all around.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Brian Nagel: So the question I have  the first question, just with respect, I guess looking to the back half of the year, and you talked about sort of say the waning benefits of, I guess inflation from a sales perspective. But as we think about that then, should we also expect on the other side potentially  at least the potential for more benefits on the gross margin front with potentially easing sourcing costs?
Brent Kirby: Yes. Brian, I can start on that. I mean I would just tell you and I mentioned it in the script, a lot of suppliers are still under some pressure from increased cost of capital, increased raw materials, increased labor cost. I mean we do see that. We also, though are always aggressively looking at price and cost of goods and doing everything we can to drive out cost of goods and purchase the best we can. Greg talked a little bit earlier about proprietary brands and our continued strength we see in growth in those proprietary brands. That gives us an opportunity to shop that with multiple suppliers and be multi-sourced in those categories, which is certainly a strategic strength for us and an opportunity on the cost side. But I would tell you, in general a lot of our suppliers would tell you, theyre still under cost pressure, as you would expect them to report that. But we feel like were in a very good position to mitigate that through this period and have done that in many cases.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Thats helpful. So my follow-up question, just with respect to June. So weve heard others in your sector talk about weaker June, in others  in retail talk about a weaker June. I mean it sounds like your business was pretty steady. So I guess the question is, I mean, did you see anything in the month of June to suggest weakness? And if you didnt, can you  is there an explanation of why OReilly performed much better than others in that month?
Jeremy Fletcher: To answer the question directly, Brian, we didnt see weakness in June. We were pleased with our results for the month. The compares obviously are different month-to-month. But relative to our expectations, it performed as strongly as in the other months, actually a little bit higher. The actual comp they were all within a really tight band. So we feel positive. We obviously week-to-week, month-to-month evaluate all of the individual drivers of our business. And I think its tough in such a time period to be able to parse out too much what we see versus what others in the marketplace might see. But we saw solid demand really across regions, across categories throughout the quarter.
Brian Nagel: I appreciate it, and congrats again.
Brad Beckham: Thanks Brian.
Brent Kirby: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Kate McShane: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. We just wanted to make sure that aside from the moderating inflation and some of the challenging ticket count compares, if there was anything else driving the sequentially lower comp outlook for the second half of the year?
Jeremy Fletcher: No, Kate. I mean, I think youve identified what really we talked about since we established our guidance at the beginning of the year. Most of the cadence differences as we move quarter-to-quarter throughout 2023 in the actual math that pushes out our comp, it relates to the way volumes flowed in 2022. So for sure, theres a waning same-SKU benefit. 2022 is also a unique year for us, really on both sides of our business where from a transaction perspective, the back half was stronger than the first half for different reasons. The DIY, we faced some pressure in the front half of last year for just volatility in the overall macro economy and then responded better. And then on the professional side, weve continued to see ramp growth there from a transaction perspective. Really, as we think about the balance of the year, nothing has changed about where we would expect on a sequential volume basis to be our overall business when we think week-to-week from a dollar standpoint. Were anticipating to remain consistent and strong. Were excited about the trends that weve produced in the business.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Thanks Kate.
Brent Kirby: Thanks Kate.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Mike Baker from D.A. Davidson. Your line is live.
Mike Baker: Okay. Thanks. Real quick, can you just talk about the heat that were seeing throughout the country and how this impacts your business? And specifically, I think you said  I hate to put  to have two short-term, but you said that July was continuing the strength that you saw in June with incremental benefit from the weather. So does that actually mean that July was better than June?
Brad Beckham: Hi. Thanks Mike. Its Brad. Yes, as you know, heat  we like heat, we like extremes and we work in enough markets, especially where the hot weather really contributes to failure and weather be immediate. One thing to remember about heat is a lot of time, something like a battery, heat kills batteries but then it fails in the winter. So we want to be a little bit cautious. But overall, were really excited about where our business is. Were excited where we ended the quarter and were really excited about how we started July. Were always a little bit careful with a three-week period, but theres no doubt in our minds that what were seeing in the market and  relating to weather that the heat is good for us and were doing everything we can to capitalize on it.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Mike. Brent said it right. We dont ever overreact to three-week periods of time. But it should come as no surprise, you walk outside, you know that, that hot weather is good for us. And thats how we would, I think frame Brads comments in the prepared comments around that is, yes, weve seen the benefit that you would expect to see with the weather weve had.
Mike Baker: Great. Excellent. One more quick follow-up. The deferred compensation impact in the second quarter that you talked about, that $9 million shift, do we  does that continue into the third and fourth quarter? I presume if it does or doesnt, thats in the guidance, but just trying to think about how to think about that in terms of our models?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. We dont  we dont do a lot of forecasting within our guide there. We hate to even talk about it, but it does create noise on that other income and expense line. It just really kind of depends on the broader market activity that impacts those accounts. And in normal periods, its not a needle mover, but it just happened coincide in the second quarter that it creates noise.
Mike Baker: Understood. So in other words, it wasnt a catch-up in the second quarter. It has to do with, I presume, the increase in the stock price during the quarter?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Yes. When the market recovers, we see the liability go up, the assets go up. Its net nothing, it literally  it perfectly offsets, it just creates noise.
Mike Baker: Right. Its important though, because it makes looks like your SG&A is higher than expected and that the only reason why you beat earnings is because of below-the-line items. But  so I think its important to understand its just a change in the geography.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, agreed.
Mike Baker: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Your line is live.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. Sales productivity on a per employee basis was very strong, reaching on a new record by my calculation. I mean, first, do you see this as sustainable? And then second, can you provide more color on wages and benefits in the quarter and how you expect them to trend going forward on a year-over-year growth basis?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. So maybe I can start there and then others can chime in, Seth, and probably answer the second question first. Overall, from a workforce perspective, continuing to see pressure from a wage rate standpoint there. Id tell you, its largely in line with what were seeing with the inflation benefit that weve seen on our top line. And all of that were within our expectations. I know Brad talked about the SG&A as weve seen the opportunities to invest. But none of our spend outside of our original guide was driven by wage rates. Those were in line with where we had expected. And we continue to anticipate that well have opportunities from an investment perspective in the team member experience enhancements that weve had. We felt very positive about those [indiscernible]. I talked about those at length. Those start to moderate just on a comparison basis as we move throughout the year for the things that weve been executing. In terms of where thats driven us from a productivity perspective on the sales per team member, absolutely, were seeing a very robust top line. And Brad talked about it at length in the sense that we really believe that were winning business based upon the strength of our team and the service and value that theyre providing. And we think that our ability to double down on the strength of our team is really going to help us continue to sustain that and improve it as we move forward.
Seth Basham: Got it. I appreciate it. Thank you again and congrats to Greg, Brad and Brent.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Seth.
Brent Kirby: Thanks Seth.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Matthew. Wed like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire OReilly team for your unwavering dedication and the great results youve generated in the first half of 2023. Id like to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Ali, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode and later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Ali. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2023 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. And we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are our Co-Presidents, Brad Beckham and Brent Kirby; and Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. I'd like to begin our call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on a strong start to 2023. Delivering such consistent strong results requires an unrelenting commitment to excellent customer service from our team of over 86,000 professional parts people across the U.S. and Mexico. I am extremely grateful for the hard work our team puts in each and every day. Our first quarter results were highlighted by a robust 10.8% increase in comparable store sales as our team continued to deliver outstanding growth on top of strong performance in the prior year. These top line results exceeded our expectations and demonstrated O'Reilly strength on both the professional and DIY sides of our business. Team O'Reilly charged out of the gate this year, highly motivated to execute on our initiatives to invest in our people, further refine and enhance our business tools and aggressively grow our market share. We have been very pleased with the momentum our teams have generated in 2023. Our team members and our culture remain our greatest assets. And our ongoing commitment to build on both of these competitive advantages is paying clear dividends through the sustained strong results delivered quarterly quarter after quarter. Team O'Reilly remains highly focused on expense control and prudent capital deployment, enabling us to translate our sales gains and growth into outstanding returns for our shareholders. For the first quarter, our diluted earnings per share of $8.28 represents a 15% increase over the prior year. We are increasing our full year 2023 EPS guidance to a range of $36.56  $36.50 to $37 even, reflecting our first quarter outperformance and shares repurchased since our last call. At the midpoint of the revised range, we now expect our full year EPS to increase 10% over 2022. Before I turn the call over to Brad and Brent to provide additional detail on the first quarter, I'd like to reiterate our confidence in the favorable outlook for both our industry and our company for the balance of 2023. We view our first quarter top-line results as a clear reflection of the strong demand backdrop in our industry. We also remain firm in our belief that consumers will continue to prioritize the maintenance and repair of their existing vehicles in the face of economic pressures in order to avoid taking on a payment for a higher priced newer vehicle. This value proposition compelling consumers to reinvest in their existing vehicles continues to be further supported by elevated new and used vehicle prices. Encouragingly, the U.S. consumer remains resilient with low unemployment rates, wage growth and stabilization in fuel prices, supporting both consumer health and the steady growth in miles driven. While we still maintain an element of caution with regard to the outlook for the overall U.S. economy and potential for heightened economic pressures, we believe the current market dynamics combine to provide a strong backdrop for demand in our industry. Even more importantly, we believe our strategic competitive advantages uniquely position our company to capitalize on the positive fundamentals of the automotive aftermarket and grow at a faster rate than the industry as a whole. To wrap up my comments, I want to again thank Team O'Reilly for continuing to uphold our culture of excellent customer service. Your commitment to our culture, our fellow team members and our customers drives our success and makes you the best team in the business. Lastly, I would also like to extend our gratitude to our shareholders. This past week marked our 30th anniversary as a public company with our initial public offering in April of 1993. The O'Reilly family had the wisdom and foresight to recognize the benefits of obtaining capital through the public markets to grow our business as well as extending ownership opportunities to our team members to allow us all to share in the company's success. Our incredible financial performance as a public company is a true testament to the dedication of our team. In each of the 30 years since 1993, our team has delivered growth in both sales and EPS, driving returns to our shareholders in excess of 22% per year on a compounded annual basis. We see a bright future for O'Reilly and are thankful for the trust and confidence our shareholders have placed in the O'Reilly team over the years. I'll now turn the call over to Brad Beckham. Brad?
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I would also like to begin with a sincere thank you to Team O'Reilly for their commitment to our continued success through providing excellent customer service. We have set an incredibly high bar of performance, and I could not be more excited about the momentum our team drove in the first quarter by executing on the fundamentals of our business and taking care of our customers every day. Our ambitious goals require dedication and hard work from every area of our organization, and I'm extremely proud of the way Team O'Reilly continues to deliver. Now I'd like to take some time to walk through the details of our sales performance for the first quarter and what we saw on each side of the business. I'll start with the professional side of our business, which was the outperformer in the quarter and the driver of our above expectation results. Our professional sales growth on a comparable basis exceeded 20% for the quarter, and we were very pleased to see outperformance steadily throughout the quarter. The growth trend in our professional business continues to be very strong even in light of increasingly challenging comparisons, and these compounded gains are the direct result of our team's outstanding execution. For us, the bread and butter of our execution on the professional side of our business is always ensuring we have the right part available for our customers when and where they need it and providing efficient delivery service so that a customer can get cars off the rack and turn their base, but it doesn't stop there. Providing topnotch customer service also includes our professional parts people regularly visiting our customers and spending time in their shops, making sure we are doing all we can to deliver value as a business partner, whether it be educating them on our store team and service, our products, equipping that shop with shop management tools or providing training to their technicians. Focusing on these fundamentals and building long-term loyal relationships are the key drivers of our robust professional sales results. We continue to expect our professional business to be the stronger driver of our growth in 2023, but also see exciting opportunities on the DIY side of our business to win share in the marketplace. Turning to our DIY business. We were generally pleased with our results for the quarter with our teams delivering positive comparable store sales growth each month of the quarter driven by solid results in January and February mixed with some weather-related pressure in March. The first quarter has historically seen the most weather-driven volatility in our business as we see impacts both from the type and severity of winter weather and from the timing of the onset of spring weather. Our DIY customers often take on jobs in their driveways and will take advantage of the first warm days of spring to perform repair, maintenance and tune up items that were temporarily on hold during the winter. The pace of our DIY business in the first quarter was definitely impacted by this weather volatility as unseasonably cool, wet weather across much of the country pressured our March results. However, spring finally sprung as we turned into the calendar into April, and we have been pleased with the solid rebound we have seen in our DIY business. The DIY improvement, coupled with continued robust professional sales growth, has resulted in a strong start to the second quarter. As we have said more than a few times over the years, we don't like to talk about weather since it's out of our control. But on balance, so far in 2023, the volatility in our sales results lines up pretty much exactly with what we would expect, given the timing of spring. Now I would like to provide some color on our ticket count and average ticket performance. Strong ticket count comps on the professional side of our business were partially offset by pressure to DIY ticket counts in the quarter. Directionally, our ticket counts performed as we expected [indiscernible] wider than our original outlook because of the outperformance in our professional business and, to a lesser, the weather headwind to DIY in March. We saw mid-single-digit average ticket growth supported by same-SKU inflation at similar levels and in line with our expectations for the quarter. Our benefit from same-SKU inflation was primarily the result of year-over-year benefit of price increases we passed along in 2022 as opposed to significant incremental cost increases in the first quarter. As a result of this dynamic, we expect first quarter will be the most significant benefit to average ticket increases from same-SKU inflation and continue to expect this benefit to moderate as we move throughout the year and compare against higher price levels stemming from price increases in the first half of this year. To wrap up my comments on sales, I would like to highlight our sales guidance and full year outlook. We are maintaining our full year comparable store sales guidance range of 4% to 6% and total sales guidance of $15.2 billion to $15.5 billion. After incorporating above plan first quarter results, we are trending above our full year midpoint and are encouraged by the strength we have seen thus far. However, even though we outpaced our sales plan in the first quarter, our original expectations had already anticipated some of the strength we saw in Q1. As we discussed when we laid out our expectations on our last call, we expect first half 2023 comps to be stronger as a result of the year-over-year same-SKU inflation benefit as well as easier ticket count comparisons on both sides of our business. While we are pleased with our strong sales performance thus far in 2023, we are always cautious about overreacting to first quarter results, especially in light of the weather volatility we can see at the beginning of the year. Ultimately, as Greg noted, we believe industry dynamics are positive and supportive of strong demand moving forward. And we are optimistic about our ability to drive strong results as we move through the year. Rest assured, our teams are focused on taking share in every market and on both sides of the business regardless of any challenges that may rise. Our teams do not waste energy focusing on things outside of our control. We work in a people, service and relationship business and we spend 100% of our time focusing on and executing the basic fundamentals of our business. Ownership and everything we can control with our team and our service levels is at the core of our culture and in turn, everything we do. Now I'd like to discuss our SG&A performance in the quarter. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 31.7%, a deleverage of 14 basis points from the first quarter of 2022. Our first quarter SG&A results included a planned approximately 35 basis point headwind from the resumption of our annual in-person leadership conference in February. As we discussed on our conference call in February, this event was our first in-person conference since 2020, and as such, was a headwind to our first quarter SG&A on a year-over-year comparison basis. However, this spend is one of the absolute best investments we make in our team as we celebrated our successes from 2022, shared best practices and strategies for better serving our customers, expanded product knowledge, perpetuated our culture and energized our team to be the dominant supplier of auto parts in each of their markets in 2023. As noted on our last call, we have also invested in our team through the enhanced paid time-off program we rolled out at the end of 2022, which resulted in a $28 million SG&A charge in the fourth quarter of 2022. On a full year basis, the total cost for this program in 2023 will be roughly comparable to our fourth quarter 2022 charge that creates a year-over-year headwind in the first three quarters of 2023 but a positive comparison in the fourth quarter of this year. For the first quarter, our SG&A per store increased 9.6%, which is well above our expected full year run rate in part because of the year-over-year impacts from both our leadership conference and the team member benefit plan transition. In total, our SG&A spend in the first quarter was above our original plan coming into the quarter, driven by incremental costs related to stronger-than-anticipated sales but is in line with our expectations given the sales performance. As we move forward in 2023, we will continue to execute our plans targeted at strengthening our team member experience and benefits, upgrading our vehicle fleet, refreshing and improving our store image and appearance and deploying incremental technology projects as well as investments in infrastructure. We are investing in our teams and our customer service levels from a position of strength. And we'll continue to capitalize on opportunities we see to accelerate share gains, drive long-term profitable growth and generate strong returns on our investments. These initiatives are on track through the first quarter, and we have continued confidence in our ability to deliver on these items as planned. For the full year, we expect to see SG&A per store increase of approximately 4.5% at the top end of our original guide of 4% to 4.5% as a result of incremental spend in the first quarter to support our robust sales growth. Finally, we are maintaining our operating margin guidance range at 19.8% to 20.3% of sales. To conclude my comments, I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their dedication to our success. I am very fortunate to continue to spend time in our stores with our team members and with our customers, both DIY and professional, and can assure you our teams remain focused on relentless execution of our customer service fundamentals. Our team has a proven playbook that has been developed over the 65 years O'Reilly Auto Parts has been serving customers. And our team members are passionate about upholding our standards of service and professionalism. Thank you, Team O'Reilly, and great job. Now I'll turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Brad. I would also like to give my thanks to Team O'Reilly for your performance in the first quarter. These outstanding results are a testament to your efforts and focus on our culture of providing excellent customer service. Now I will take some time to walk through our first quarter gross margin results, discuss our inventory position and provide color on our store growth and capital investments. Beginning with gross margin. Our first quarter gross margin of 51% was an 84 basis point decrease from the first quarter of 2022, but in line with our expectations. As we noted in our last call, we anticipated comparison pressures in the first two quarters of this year. Our results in the first quarter hit those expectations, and I will now provide some color on what we saw. First, our year-over-year gross margin results for the first quarter were impacted by the rollout of our professional pricing initiative last year, which began in the middle of the first quarter of 2022. We fully lapped the higher gross margin run rate in the first half of the quarter and will be apples-to-apples in the comparison for the remainder of 2023. Secondly, we have a headwind as we compare against the final roll-through of our historic LIFO accounting benefit in the first quarter of 2022, which we noted at the time was approximately $10 million in that quarter. Both of these headwinds were in line with our expectations for the quarter and will not impact gross margin moving forward. In addition to the anticipated pressure from the first quarter in pro pricing and LIFO, we also saw continued gross margin pressure from a higher mix of professional business, some of which was planned and some resulting from our outperformance versus our expectations as that side of the business continues to grow faster but also carries a lower gross margin. However, product margin on both sides of our business has been slightly better than expected, resulting from positive acquisition cost benefits, offsetting some of the pressure from the higher-than-planned mix of professional sales. While we are pleased with our results so far this year we remain cautious regarding the cost outlook for the remainder of 2023, including the prospect for incremental reductions to acquisition costs. Our supply chain partners continue to face anticipated broad inflationary pressures, and we expect to see a relatively stable cost environment with potential for puts and takes in both directions. Pricing in the industry has remained rational. If we see future increases in product acquisition or other costs, we are confident in our ability to pass those cost increases through in selling price. We are maintaining our full year gross margin guidance of 50.8% to 51.3% and expect our quarterly gross margin performance for the remainder of the year to be consistent on a quarter-to-quarter basis and within that range. Inventory per store finished the quarter at $754,000, which was up 14% from this time last year but flat compared to the beginning of the year. We continue to track toward our planned inventory per store increase of 2% by the end of 2023 and are constantly working to deploy our inventory at the optimal position across our distribution centers and hub stores in our tiered distribution network. Our supply chain and store in-stock positions are as strong as they have been in several years. And the diligent work that our merchandise inventory management and distribution teams have done to deploy the best possible local inventory assortment is reaping benefits and strong top line results. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the first quarter was 133% and continues to be supported by strong sales volumes and inventory turns. Net inventory investment remained flat compared to the beginning of the year, and we remain pleased with the returns generated from ensuring that we are the industry leader in product availability. Turning to our progress on store growth and capital investments; we successfully opened 60 new stores during the first quarter. Within these openings, there are a few milestones that I would like to highlight. First, we kicked off the year with our entrance into Maryland, marking our 48th state. Not long after we celebrated the opening of our 6,000th store on February 23rd with a ribbon-cutting ceremony in Fort Gibson, Oklahoma. Finally, we successfully opened our first two stores and a distribution center in Puerto Rico in March. We are truly proud of these accomplishments and would like to thank and congratulate all of the teams involved in achieving these milestones. Growth is always hard work, and Team O'Reilly does an outstanding job of rolling up their sleeves and ensuring that each O'Reilly store is a model of excellent customer service and industry-leading product availability. Our team's ability to perpetuate our culture and execute on our dual market strategy is the reason our store growth continues to drive premium returns on the capital that we invest. Our team is marching ahead toward our goal of 180 to 190 net new store openings for 2023. We still have an ambitious year ahead of us in terms of growth initiatives and capital investments to fund those plans. Our capital expenditures for the first quarter were $223 million. And our projects and initiatives are still on track for us to hit our capital expenditure guidance of $750 million to $800 million. Progress on our distribution center in Guadalajara, Mexico remains on schedule for an opening this summer. We are excited about the opportunity that this new facility will create for us in terms of enhanced service levels to the Guadalajara metropolitan area as well as future store growth across Mexico for many years to come. Before I turn the call over to Jeremy, I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their accomplishments during the quarter and for their enthusiasm for excellent customer service. It is a real privilege to be a part of the best team in the automotive aftermarket. Now I will turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Brent. I would also like to thank Team O'Reilly for their hard work and the outstanding professionalism as they deliver excellent customer service every day. Now we will cover some additional details on our first quarter results and guidance for the remainder of 2023. For the quarter, sales increased $412 million driven by a 10.8% increase in comparable store sales, and a $68 million non-comp contribution from stores in 2022 and 2023 that have not yet entered the comp base. For 2023, we continue to expect our total revenues to be $15.2 billion to $15.5 billion. Brent covered our gross margin performance and guidance already, but I would like to remind everyone that we view our reported GAAP gross margin as the best measurement of our gross margin performance and do not view the normal application of LIFO as a discrete charge in the evaluation of gross margin. The comparison headwind in first quarter of 2023 resulting from the $10 million LIFO benefit recognized in the first quarter of 2022 is unique to our first quarter comparisons, and we will not have a discrete LIFO impact for the remainder of 2023. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 23.7% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 24.3% reduced by a 0.6% benefit from share-based compensation. This compares to the first quarter 2022 rate of 23.9% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base rate of 24.3% reduced by a 0.4% benefit from share-based compensation. Our first quarter effective tax rate was in line with our expectations. For the full year of 2023, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 22.9%, comprised of a base rate of 23.4% reduced by a benefit of 0.5% from share-based compensation. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate is expected to be lower than the other three quarters due to the tolling of certain tax periods. Variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the quarter of 2023 was $486 million versus $579 million for the first quarter of 2022 with the decrease driven by higher capital expenditures in 2023 versus the prior year. For 2023, our expected free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at a range of $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion. Moving on to debt; we finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.96 times, which is up compared to our end of 2022 ratio of 1.84 times with the increase driven by borrowings on our revolving credit facility. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program. And during the first quarter, we repurchased 1.4 million shares at an average share price of $819.06 for a total investment of $1.1 billion. Subsequent to the end of the quarter and through our press release yesterday, we repurchased 0.2 million shares at an average share price of $864.44 for a total investment of $137 million. The excise tax on share repurchases that was implemented as part of the Inflation Reduction Act became effective for all share repurchases beginning January 1, 2023, and is assessed at 1% of the aggregate fair market value of net share repurchases. We incurred $11.1 million in excise tax during the first quarter, which is reflected directly in our balance sheet and retained earnings. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price inclusive of the current excise tax cost is supported by the discounted expected future cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, the EPS guidance outlined by Greg earlier includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Finally, before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to again thank the entire O'Reilly team for their commitment to our customers and our company. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Ali, the operator to return to the line and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will now begin a 30 minute question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. Thanks for all the information today. It looks like you had a pretty big acceleration in commercial sales. So should we be thinking about that as a function of just continued share increases? Or is there something else potentially helping to drive that? And then related to that question, do the improved sales results potentially tempt you guys to make additional price investments in certain markets where you're seeing positive results of prior price investments? Thank you.
Brad Beckham: Hi. Good morning, Scot. This is Brad. Hey, I'll take the kind of the first part of your question there on professional. As you know our business, we're really excited about  really a lot of things that Brent talked about. Me speaking from the store side of the house and looking at our supply chain, we're just incredibly proud of the way that our supply chain teams have found resolve over this last year and the last many years. And to Brent's point, we're in a better in-stock and ship rate percentage as we've been in a long time. And I can speak for our store operators and our sales team just that that's just an incredible accomplishment and was a large part of what drove our  what we feel like our share gains in our top line, especially on the professional side of the business, that being such a high service, high touch side of the business. And so yes, supply chain, continued execution on properly staffing our stores, getting the customer service out there calling on those customers. Just all the tools that come out of our toolbox that we talk all the time, we feel really good and are really excited about how we started the year from a professional standpoint. And Scot, on the pricing side of it, as you know, we've talked for basically a year now that we've lapped this thing, we've lapped pro price initiative. We feel really good about that investment we made just over a year ago. But as we've talked for several quarters now that  that was a one-time decision. We felt like we had an opportunity to move our overall matrix down to a point that we could really  felt like we were really competing better with the two-step competitors, the independent competitors that kind of by historical have been somewhat cheaper than us in some of our retail and larger close-end competitors. So we feel really good about what we did. But around here, it's kind of back to business as usual. We've lapped this thing. It's in the past and we have no plans for a second round.
Scot Ciccarelli: Excellent. Thanks a lot guys.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Scot.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Scot.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning guys. So I wanted to follow up on the question, on Scot's question. So first on the DIY side, do you think your DIY performance was in line with the market? And any gander on how much you outgrew the professional market in the first quarter?
Jeremy Fletcher: Hi. Good morning, Chris. This is Jeremy. Great question. I wish we had a real definitive answer on the DIY side of the business. Some of that, we're just going to  we'll have to wait to see how maybe some others talk about it. We think more broadly speaking, over several quarters, our teams have been executing well and we've had opportunities and we think that we're a share gainer on a net balance on any given quarter on the DIY side of our business. And to be fair like we think that there's share that we should be gaining. We think there's entitlement out there that we haven't addressed and need to continue to work to get our fair share of the marketplace. In a quarter like first quarter, it's a little bit more challenging. Obviously, there is volatility on that side of our business from the perspective of spring, and those are things that we can pay attention and watch pretty closely, but feel good given what we could see just in the daily, weekly reports from the weather that we saw rolled in, the DIY was solid for us in the first quarter. On the professional side of the business, Brad has talked to it already. In some respects, we are absolutely picking up share there. And more fragmented on that side, hard to identify where it has been, but really think that a lot of the things that Brad pointed to, for sure, the momentum we gained last year with the professional pricing, but now even more how exceptionally our teams are executing against that and in providing great service. We think that that's just  that's a function of our business model and the great team we've got running our business well.
Chris Horvers: And so two quick follow-ups. First, do you think that any of the  you're getting back in stock on the inventory side is driving some of that pro share in addition to pricing? And if so, when did you get back in stock? And secondly, on the gross margin, given that you should have some freight costs that are capitalized that are coming down, why shouldn't we see better gross margin performance sequentially as the year progresses?
Brent Kirby: Yes. Hi, Chris. This is Brent. And just really to kind of tag on to what Jeremy and Brad have already said, really when you think about our business and how we go to market, whether it's on the professional side or the retail side, it's really first and foremost, is three ingredients, right? It's service, it's parts availability and price is the third. And what we saw and what we felt really good about in this quarter was the level of service and execution that our teams were delivering out there. In terms of product availability and in-stock, we've talked about that. It's gotten progressively better over the last 12 months. We've seen suppliers continue to get healthier, and we've seen them finally be the healthiest they've been in several years, which has obviously helped contribute to our position. But we've also been aggressive like we talked about in terms of our investment in inventory and how we use it across  we have a tier distribution model with a big DC footprint, a big hub store footprint. And really the placement of that inventory and our ability to get the part there quicker than our competition is really what helps us win there. So it's as much about supplier availability as it is our execution and how we deploy that inventory across our network of stores and DCs. In terms of freight cost, we  and acquisition cost on product, we've continued to see some international transportation costs come down even some to pre-COVID levels. Domestic transportation, they'll have some inflationary factor to it. That's something to consider. We have a lot of suppliers that have raw material cost pressure, labor cost pressure, different things like that. So that's one of the reasons we remain cautious there. We're always going to do everything we can to bring the best cost of goods into our model and compete effectively. But that's how I would wrap it up for you in terms of your question.
Chris Horvers: Thanks guys. Have a great finish to this spring.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Chris.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Chris.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thanks you. Our next question is coming from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. You may proceed.
Greg Melich: Thanks. I wanted to follow up a little bit more on the top line trends on both sides. So DIY, it sounds like came back in April with the weather better. I just want to make sure that's back in terms of ticket counts are positive, and you're still getting sort of mid-single-digit inflation mix?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Greg, I wouldn't say that the ticket counts are necessarily positive from an ongoing trend stability standpoint. I want to parse too closely into just a few weeks here in April as it relates to that. Our full year expectation is that we would see kind of net on balance, a little bit of pressure on the DIY ticket counts that would reflect in our guidance. And so just maybe around your specific question for us that we did see the DIY business rebound in April. Now for sure, some of that we interpret cautiously the first really nice week in the spring or week in spring hit us in April, and there's some of that, that we carried over out of first quarter and picked it up there. But feel good that, that's kind of stabilized at this stage and really haven't changed our outlook or expectations for the balance of the year from a DIY perspective.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then secondly, on SG&A, just help  I know it was  it grew, I guess, what, 14%. You called out some of the things that drove that, planned and unplanned. What is making you for the full year think that SG&A per store now is at the higher end? Is it wage costs? Is there something else going on to have you at the high end?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. No, Greg, really, the only change there from our beginning of the year outlook, which was a range of 4 to 4.5, is as sales did exceed our expectations in the first quarter. We have some incremental costs associated with that, especially on the professional side of the business. We're running more trucks out for more hours, those types of things. And then in addition to that, just some of the incentive pressures there. So most of what we would attribute that small change is the sales are running a little bit better than what we would have expected and would plan to be above midpoint there, but we have kept that operating profit guide where it's at and the per store spend is really just reflective of that.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then last is just private label. Do you have an update on percentage penetration? Any signs of trade down as you get more volatility in DIY?
Brent Kirby: Yes, Greg, I can speak to that. We really honestly continue to see our proprietary brand penetration continue to grow. It's slightly north of 50%, which we're really proud of. We continue to build very competitive offerings with good, better, best progression through the lines across all our proprietary brands. And they continue to gain traction with our customers, both DIY and professional. So we're extremely proud of that. I think the second part of your question, could you ask that again?
Greg Melich: Yes. Just is there any sign of trade downs? So I know you have  you're building out the program of private label, and that's still gaining traction. Are you finding consumers getting a little more cash-constrained and trading down within that?
Brent Kirby: Yes you know that's something we watch very closely, Greg. And honestly, we have not seen that. I know some retailers are talking about that. We've actually seen a slight gravitation from the better to the best, believe it or not. And again, we think that's probably just the strength of the offering and consumers wanting quality when they have to repair their vehicle. But we've not seen any material evidence of any trade down at this point.
Greg Melich: That's great. Congrats, and good luck.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Greg. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. You may proceed.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Greg Johnson: Good morning Bret.
Jeremy Fletcher: Good morning Bret.
Bret Jordan: Could you give us some quick color on regional performance, maybe the spread between the best and the worst and talk about what you saw nationally? Obviously, the weather was different east versus west.
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hey Bret, this is Brad. Really, we were fairly pleased overall with how consistent most every market performed. As you can imagine, you've heard from others in red, there's obviously some pressure more on the DIY side on the West Coast. Some of that rolled in a little bit to the center part of the country. But honestly, even though there was puts and takes, the puts and takes kind of changed per geography based upon what the weather was doing, especially on the DIY side on the weekends specifically. So it kind of moved around a little bit. And really surprisingly, even for March where we had the most pressure, there wasn't just huge swings. There was just a little bit more pressure broad-based. And as you know, we don't have quite the concentration of stores that some do in the true Northeast or New England. But overall, really our northern markets performed pretty well.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And the next question is that, obviously, you've entered Maryland. Could you talk a little bit about your  maybe the cadence of Mid-Atlantic fill in, in the Northeast? Obviously, another 100-plus stores to open this year, and maybe what's your thoughts as far as distribution infrastructure that might be needed to come into that market.
Jeremy Fletcher : Yes, Bret, great question. This is Jeremy. We are excited about the inroads that we have made in the Northeast. We entered there originally in 2012 with the acquisition of VIP, and then we bought Bond a few years later and opened our distribution center in Boston. So we're kind of closing the gap to those markets that we haven't been in already. I think as much as anything, we've been excited about the teams and the culture we've been able to both inhere from our acquisitions, but also grow from as a platform in those markets. So, very attractive for us. We are cautious on how aggressively we pursue any individual market. One of the benefits that we have with our large footprint is we can continue to grow really across that footprint. And that helps us to be able to identify the strong store teams that we need to be successful in our growth, and that's true up in the Northeast as well. But we've been aggressively working to acquire the properties that we'll need and to work to build the teams. And you'll continue to see our growth up there and get to a level of density. I think it's going to be consistent with a lot of our markets.
Greg Johnson: Hey Bret, this is Greg. I mean, to speak to the DC question specifically, obvious  excuse me, obviously, with growth in that market and just the growth that we've experienced over the past couple of years, the really unplanned growth, we are looking very hard at our DC capacity and our DC infrastructure. And we've talked about opening the DC in Mexico to support our growth down there. We're also looking across the country as a whole and where we have capacity issues in the Northeast is one of those markets. And we'll continue to evaluate those markets and enhance our DC presence as needed to continue to support our growth.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Bret.
Brad Beckham: Thanks Bret.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Zach Fadem: Hey good morning. Could you talk about the level of DIY comp you think you left on the table due to weather in March? And then big picture as we lapped the unit pressures last year for DIY, to what extent do you think the DIY industry has now normalized back to a more typical low single-digit unit decline? Or is there any reason to believe DIY units can actually inflect positive, given the macro and used vehicle dynamics?
Jeremy Fletcher: Hey, Zack, thanks for the questions. Good questions. We haven't really quantified what we think the net impact is. As Brad mentioned, it was  March was a little bit of a mixed bag for us, and different markets performed differently. And for us, it's a fairly tight window to hone in on, especially as we've seen some recovery here in April. As we work through the balance of the remainder of the year, I think, for us maybe specifically, we've got some easier comparisons on the DIY side in the first and second quarter just as we think about that look for the rest of the year just because of the  some of the gas price and other economic pressures that the industry saw in the first half of last year. And then for us, especially as we finish out the fourth quarter on DIY, we saw some really strong results good end to our year last year. So some of that comparison will impact us. From a broader industry perspective, I think on balance, we would say we feel like we're at least as close back to normalize as we can probably perceive from all the volatility that we saw through the pandemic. What does that mean for the industry moving forward? I think we'll continue to see the long-term secular impact from just the improved engineering and manufacturing of parts and the impact that that has on service intervals and the pressure that we've talked about, us and others have talked about for years on that side of our business. But we're kind of cautious around the rest of the outlook. For the industry, we are very positive in terms of how the vehicle dynamics, and Greg and Brent talked about on the call, the vehicle dynamics continue to be strong for our industry. That's a positive for us, and I think that continues to bode well. But obviously, we're, like others, we'll have to wait to see what the broader economy does and what puts and takes that looks like. But I feel good about the overall trajectory for us on the DIY business.
Zach Fadem: Got it.
Brad Beckham: Zack, I was just going to say real quick. This is Brad. 
Zach Fadem: Hey Brad.
Brad Beckham: No matter what the macro does as you know, our teams are always focused on taking DIY share. We still have a tremendous opportunity on the DIY side. We have a lot of great competitors doing a lot of retail business. And so though there is some pressure overall, the outlook is positive on the whole. But I feel even better about our prospects at O'Reilly because of our ability to take market share.
Zach Fadem: Perfect and appreciate the color. And then on the pro side, do you attribute the outperformance in the industry to better-than-expected industry growth or better-than-expected share gains? And then as your price investments lap, to what extent do you expect to hold the share gains through the year, particularly against the tougher compares?
Jeremy Fletcher: Zach great question. We sometimes get a lot smarter in the rearview mirror as to how all the rest of the industry performs. I think we'll wait to see some of the data that's out there. We think the industry is strong. I mean, we talked about some of the factors that, I think, contribute to that. And so for sure, we believe that it's a very positive backdrop for us. We are very pleased with our professional business and the gains that we've made. And frankly, we know how hard those gains come. It's a service and relationship business. Loyalty is an important thing. When you have an opportunity to execute well for our customer, it's meaningful. When you fail on the execution, it's even more meaningful. So for us, we view what we've been able to accomplish is very sticky because of really the excellent execution that our teams have been able to deliver as we've had opportunity to over the last couple of years.
Zach Fadem: Thanks for the time guys.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Zach.
Brad Beckham: Thanks Zach.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Liz Suzuki with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you for squeezing me in. Can you just talk about the private label approach you've taken and just how you've been able to grow that portfolio of products so successfully without losing any of your professional customers that tend to be more brand sensitive? And then if you could give any comment about your private label penetration by retail channel versus commercial, that would be helpful, too.
Brent Kirby: Yes. Liz, this is Brent. I'll start and then maybe some others can jump in. But I think, again, tribute to our merchandise team and really, just to be clear, too, proprietary brands have grown exponentially over the last several years. We're proud of that, proud of the quality we've been able to put in the box, working with suppliers on those products and really just building good line designs with good, better, best offerings across those lines. And we've seen a lot of strength there. The other thing though I want to reinforce is really, our branding strategy is a mix of quality proprietary brands as well as well-known national brands. And we go-to-market with both. And we have some national brands that we're very proud of, very proud we have in-house and certainly want to keep in-house because we know customers seek those brands as well. So, we really seek a balanced approach. Customers are obviously  they're looking for value, and they're looking for availability, first and foremost. And we've been able to bring that to our proprietary brand lines. In terms of  we don't really specifically talk about penetration by DIY and by professional specifically. I will tell you, though, our professional customers use and believe in our proprietary brands, and in many cases, are huge promoters of them because they see the quality and the value in those brands. And Brad can speak to that better than I can. But we see those adoption of those equally well across both DIY and professional customers. 
Greg Johnson: Hey Liz, this is Greg. Just to add to that, I would say that the shift in the growth of proprietary brands is it's intentional. Proprietary brands give us the ability to leverage multiple suppliers, mitigate risk, help us better control cost of those products and the quality of products that are in the box. And don't forget that a few of our proprietary brands that we're calling proprietary brands today were national brands a few years ago. So we continue to look for opportunities to take those national brand names that we now own as proprietary brands and spread them across additional categories. So we're very pleased with the performance of our proprietary brands, as Brent said on both sides of our business.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you so much.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Lasser with UBS. You may proceed.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. If we assume that half of your commercial growth in the first quarter came solely from market share gains, which doesn't seem unreasonable given that one of your larger competitors in the commercial space just comped up three, so you've got maybe 1,000 basis points of share or growth from share gains that would translate to $150 million of incremental business year-over-year or about $30,000 per store. So is that coming from a big chunky customer who you've been able to win over? And that will give us a sense for as you lap that increase the tails associated with those share gains. And should we also think because you are winning this business and you're probably running your Hot Shot deliveries more, that's where the increase in SG&A is coming from that you're not seeing the flow-through that you might have seen to be as strong as in the past?
Brad Beckham: Hi. Good morning, Michael. It's Brad. I'll take a stab. A lot of assumptions there, but I probably jump to really your question specifically about kind of where it's coming from and customer type, competitor type, and so I may start out just on the customer front. As you know, with that gap in footprint that we talked about earlier on the call kind of between Washington D.C. and up to, through New York City, we still don't have a big book of national or strategic account business. We have a lot of regional-type service providers that are outstanding customers, and we have second, third, fourth call with some of the big national service providers. But really, when we look at our book of business and our  by customer types, it's coming from a lot of places but primarily the independent garage. There's obviously some on the national and regional accounts side, but it's not one big move in one area to your question directly. It's a lot of small moves moving from third call to second from second to first. And we're just  we feel like that is extremely sustainable, and we're really proud of the way we've been able to build that the right way. When you ask about SG&A there, what I would say is there's no doubt, we started the year fully committed to making sure that we had our back counter staffed, our professional parts people making sure that we have efficiencies in the back of the store, that obviously is an investment. It's an investment to keep our small vehicles rolling to the Hot Shot delivery to the shops. As you know well, we talk a lot about getting the car off the rack and making sure that we're safe, we're very efficient in the way that we route deliveries. So we're turning those bays and helping these people retain good technicians and all those things. So no doubt, all those things that are investment from an SG&A standpoint. Michael, as you can imagine when retail gets a little bit softer in a month like March; could our operators have scaled back a little bit from a payroll standpoint? Sure, they could have but it may or may not have been the right thing to do for the rest of the year in the mid- and long-term when it comes to our customer service levels. And so part of that was when the business pulled back a little bit there in March is we kept our pedal down to keep those service levels top notch, and we feel like that will pay off for the remainder of the year.
Jeremy Fletcher: Michael, one more thing that I would add there and maybe back to your specific question; when we think about just generally flow through on the SG&A side, for sure, we're  we spent a little bit more in the first quarter than we expected, and Brad talked about that. But that was really what we saw on the sales side and what we needed to do to support that. As we think about just more broadly the flow through that's really more heavily impacted by the investments that we're making this year that we talked about on our last call that we're executing against this year. I think that in combination with our leadership conference is more of an impact than just the incremental costs to support our sales, which did drive how we think about the full year, but the bigger year-over-year is what we've been talking about.
Michael Lasser: So can I clarify that, Jeremy? Is O'Reilly in this era over the last couple of years, last year but with the price investments this year with more SG&A investments, O'Reilly is in an era where it's making sizable investments to gain share. It's gaining share, but at some point you'll be able to see better flow-through on those investments, assuming the share continues because the peak of the investment cycle is happening now. And as part of that why don't you raise the comp guidance because it implies a sizable slowdown over the next couple of quarters. So are you not going to see as much share gain over the next couple of quarters?
Jeremy Fletcher: So Michael, what we would say on the first part of that question, we don't provide guidance beyond the current year. And we will continue to invest in our business over the long-term, that's an important part of what we do. But as we've talked about 2023 and the investments we are making and some of these things that we'll see in SG&A and the fact that we have some plain [ph] new leverage because of that, we absolutely don't expect that we would not lever SG&A on strong sales growth as we move forward in the future. That's part of where we're at. There is an opportunity that we see now that we think that has a longer-term payoff for us, and we'll continue to approach that. But we're going to do that whenever we see opportunities to do that. We in reference to your sales question, we have some structural things that we've talked about that make comparisons easier in the first half of the year. Certainly, we were pleased with our performance in the first quarter, but we try not to overreact to the first few months of the year knowing we've got a lot of year left. And we'll have to see how the summer selling season plays out.
Michael Lasser: Best of luck. Thank you so much.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Michael.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one last question. It's coming from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Simeon Gutman: Hey everyone nice result. Thanks for getting my question. I guess will beat the dead horse here, the commercial outperformance. Can you talk about any new accounts versus existing? I don't think there's probably much change there. And then did anything distinctly happen in ticket growth in commercial? And I'll just ask my follow-up now so I don't  you don't have to hear me again. I wanted to ask you about the import space. We talked a bit about private brands. Can you talk about your strategy there, which is OE like with Import Direct? Are you able to penetrate that market fully with that product line or any aspiration to do it with the OE lines?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hi, Simeon its Brad. I'll take the first part of your question. I may kick it over to Brent for the latter part. On customer segments, I talked a little bit a minute ago just about not necessarily anything materially changed on the national or the strategic account side. We continue to feel like we're earning the business every day with some of the regional-type service providers. But just on the  really the core of our business, which is the independent garage, we're seeing a little bit of both. We're seeing new customers. We're seeing existing customers move forward. We were mature enough in most all our markets where there isn't just flat out brand new customers that we weren't on the call list somewhere. It's just a matter of moving from fourth to third, third to second and second to first like we talk about all the time. So combination, but it would be more so just continuing to take more share, delivery vehicle that had a total job versus in the past, we may have been us and a competitor delivering a split job. We see a lot of opportunity with getting those full jobs and we feel like that's happening.
Brent Kirby: Yes. And Simeon, this is Brent. On the second half of your question regarding Import Direct, we continue to be very pleased with the performance of Import Direct and our offering there. And we continue doing coverage of it, and we continue to see customers continue to penetrate that brand. So very happy there and feel like we compete well.
Greg Johnson: And we are intending in some categories with the branded international type products as well, as well as some of those well-known branded suppliers are in our Import Direct boxes in some cases as well.
Simeon Gutman: Thank you. Good luck.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Simeon.
Brad Beckham: Thanks Simeon.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks Simeon.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Ali. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in the first quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's call. You may disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the OReilly Automotive, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Paul and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During todays conference call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results and our outlook for 2023. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The companys actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the companys latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the OReilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Before we begin our discussion on our results and our plans for 2023, Id like to take a few moments to discuss the announcement we made in January regarding the promotion of Brad Beckham and Brent Kirby to Co-Presidents. Our company is extremely focused on identifying and developing leaders who in turn are relentless in building the very best team in our industry. Our long-term commitment to succession planning is a critical component of our human capital strategy. In line with that strategy, we are extremely pleased to have Brent and Brad assume the elevated positions of Co-Presidents. Brad and Brent are exceptional leaders and are both driven by their passion for perpetuating our OReilly culture and providing excellent service to our customers. Brad and Brent bring diverse and broad experience to their roles of Co-President. Brads career with OReilly began 26 years ago when he joined the company as a parts specialist in Wagoner, Oklahoma. He has progressed through every leadership role in our store operations group, from Store Manager through Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales, before assuming the role of EVP and Chief Operating Officer and now Co-President. Brads leadership has been instrumental in the growth and expansion of our company and his impact is evident throughout the leadership ranks of our operational teams, many of whom have been mentored and promoted directly by Brad. As Co-President, Brad is responsible for the companys domestic and international store operations and sales, real estate and expansion, human resources, training, legal, risk management, loss prevention and finance. Like Brad, Brent brings decades of retail leadership experience to his role as Co-President. Brent began his 35-year retail career with Lowes Companies and progressed through their ranks, ultimately serving in the roles of Senior Vice President of Store Operations, Chief Omnichannel Officer, and Chief Supply Chain Officer. Brent joined Team OReilly in 2018 as our Senior Vice President of omnichannel and made an immediate impact in that role before assuming leadership of our supply chain and distribution efforts. His extensive experience and significant DIY and professional retail industry knowledge is critical to our efforts to enhance our industry-leading inventory position, leverage technology investments to deliver powerful tools for our team, and drive deep connections with our DIY and professional customers. As Co-President, Brent is responsible for the companys distribution operations, logistics, merchandising, inventory management, pricing, advertising, omnichannel, customer satisfaction, program management, electronic catalog, and information technology. Again, I am very pleased to have Brad and Brent step into these new roles and I am excited about the leadership they will provide to Team OReilly as Co-Presidents. Brad and Brent are participating on the call with me this morning, along with Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David OReilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. I am once again pleased to begin our call today by congratulating Team OReilly on another record-breaking year in 2022. We finished the year with incredible momentum, posting a comparable store sales increase of 9% in the fourth quarter, representing an increase of almost 35% on a 3-year stack basis. For the full year of 2022, our team generated a robust 6.4% comparable store sales growth, which came in above the revised guidance range of 4.5% to 5.5% we provided last quarter and above the midpoint of our original comp range of 5% to 7% we said at the beginning of 2022. Even more impressive, our 6.4% comparable store sales growth in 2022 followed record-setting sales growth in 2021 and 2020 when we delivered comps of 13.3% and 10.9% respectively, resulting in 3-year stacked comps exceeding 30%. These strong top line results drove another year of record earnings per share as diluted EPS increased 8% to $33.44, representing a 3-year compounded annual growth rate of 23%. Our ability to continue to grow our business and capture market share year-in and year-out is a testament to our teams commitment to providing excellent customer service and we couldnt be more pleased with how our team finished 2022. Entering 2023, we remain bullish on the opportunities we see ahead of us and are anticipating another strong year of sales and earnings growth. For earnings per share, we have established the guidance for 2023 at $35.75 to $36.25, representing an increase of 8% versus 2022 at the midpoint. Achievement of our 2023 guidance would result in us doubling our EPS over the last 4 years, representing a compounded annual growth rate over 19%. This impressive performance and challenging target is a testament to the quality of our team and their commitment to our customers. Brad, Brent and Jeremy will walk through the rest of our detailed outlook in their prepared comments. But for now, I will just say that we are excited about the aggressive plans we have to invest in our business and continue to take market share and drive industry-leading results. Before I turn the call over to Brad, I want to share a little bit about the incredible culture building experience our team just had in January at our Annual Leadership Conference in Dallas. Each year, we bring all of our store managers, field leadership as well as our sales and DC management team members together in one place at one time to build leadership skills, enhance product knowledge, share best practices across our company, and celebrate our award-winning performance. The theme of this years conference was: One Team, Reunited. And it was definitely an appropriate rallying cry for our first in-person leadership conference in 3 years. The passion and energy displayed by our company leaders was infectious and it gives us even more confidence in the Team OReillys ability to drive future success through their unwavering commitment to our customers and fellow team members. To wrap up my prepared comments, I want to thank each of our team members for their dedication to our companys long-term success and their outstanding performance in 2022. I am extremely proud of all of you and I am confident 2023 will be another record-setting year for Team OReilly. I will now turn the call over to Brad.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg and good morning everyone. I would also like to begin my comments this morning by congratulating Team OReilly on another great year in 2022. Our teams focus on providing consistent, excellent customer service allowed us to generate the outstanding results we reported yesterday and we were excited about the opportunities we see to continue to grow our business. Now Id like to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter comparable store sales results and outline our guidance for 2023. As we discussed on our third quarter conference call, we started the fourth quarter with strong sales volumes in line with trends we saw as we exited the third quarter. Those robust sales volumes continued through the end of the year, delivering results solidly above our expectations on both the professional and DIY sides of our business each month of the quarter. From a cadence perspective, the monthly comp was steady throughout the quarter with December being the strongest month of the quarter on a 2 and 3-year stack basis. As we finished the year, we saw broad-based strength across all of our markets in weather-related categories, such as batteries, cooling and antifreeze as well as our other core non-weather-related categories. We saw strength in both our DIY and professional businesses, with professional again leading the way with double-digit comparable store sales growth on robust increases in both ticket counts and average ticket size. As we finished 2022, we were very pleased with our professional performance and we believe the momentum we have created is the direct result of our team executing our proven business model at a high level and providing industry-leading customer service. We were also pleased to see the improved performance in our DIY business, which accelerated on a 1, 2 and 3-year comparable store sales growth basis, driven by our strong average ticket growth. As anticipated, DIY ticket counts were a partial offset to our comp growth due to difficult comparisons from strong traffic growth in the previous 2 years, but improved sequentially in quarter, continuing the trend we saw in the third quarter and exceeding our expectations. As we saw throughout 2022, growth in average ticket values drove our total comparable store sales growth in the fourth quarter. Average ticket size grew in the high single-digits on both sides of our business, supported primarily by the mid single-digit growth in same SKU inflation and augmented by a benefit from increasing clean improved quality and design of new parts. On a year-over-year basis, we saw a moderation in the same SKU benefit after peaking in the second and third quarters as we lap the acceleration of higher inflation in 2021 and saw modest increases in selling prices as we finished out 2022. The moderation in selling price increases correlate with what we are seeing in product acquisition costs as industry pricing has remained rational on both sides of the business and we have been successful in passing through cost increases. Now, I want to transition to a discussion of our 2023 sales guidance and our outlook for this year. As we disclosed in our earnings release yesterday, we are establishing our annual comparable store sales guidance for 2023 at a range of 4% to 6%. And we want to provide some color on the factors that are driving our expectations as it relates to both our outlook for our industry as well as the specific opportunities we see for our company. I will begin with our view of the prospects for our industry, which we believe are still very favorable. The health of the automotive aftermarket continues to be supported by strength in the core fundamental drivers of demand and the last few years have further reinforced the compelling value proposition that motivates consumers to invest in their vehicles. Since the onset of the pandemic, the scarcity of vehicles has forced many consumers to keep their vehicles longer. These investments consumers have made to keep their vehicles well maintained have paid off and we expect to see a continued willingness by consumers to invest in their high-quality vehicles at higher and higher mileages. We also have a positive outlook on the strength of the consumer in our industry and their ongoing willingness to prioritize their transportation needs. We continue to view the health of our customers as strong, supported by extremely low unemployment and robust growth in wages over the past 2 years. We think these factors provide a solid backdrop for growth in miles driven in our industry and solid demand over the next year. While miles driven still remain below pre-pandemic levels, we have seen growth in this key fundamental for our industry over the past 18 months. We believe we will see a continuation of the long-term industry trend of steady growth in miles driven resulting from population growth and an increase in the size of the U.S. car park. As we think about the broader macro factors that could impact the U.S. economy in the coming year, we remain cautious in our outlook for  outlook concerning ongoing headwinds from inflation and the potential for deterioration in economic conditions. Negative trends in the broader economy can  it can influence demand in our industry in the short-term, but we have consistently seen over time that consumers adjust quickly in challenging environments. In fact, in 2022, it was a good illustration of how this can play out. The pressure we saw from elevated gas prices, broad-based inflation and global economic shocks weighed on our results versus our expectations in the first half of the year. However, our customers adjusted as conditions stabilized and our business rebounded to meet our full year sales growth expectations. Our experience through multiple economic cycles in our companys history is that consumers will prioritize the maintenance and the repair of their existing vehicles as a means to avoid a car payment and save money in the face of economic pressures. Ultimately, due to the non-discretionary and value-driven nature of our business, we have confidence our industry will perform well in 2023, even if we end up facing challenges in the broader economy. As confident as we are in the strength of our industry, the most important driver for our outlook for 2023 is the opportunity we see to outperform our competition and gain market share by out-executing  or excuse me, by executing our business model and providing the best customer service in the industry. To this end, I would like to spend a few minutes discussing our outlook on both sides of our business. We expect both our DIY and professional businesses to be positive contributors to our comparable store sales growth in 2023, with professional again expected to outperform. We are excited about the strength we built in 2022 in our professional business and we believe this will continue to accelerate our growth on this side of the business. We remain highly committed to being the industry leader in the quality of service and inventory availability we provide to the professional customer and our focus moving into 2023 is to aggressively lever these strengths to further consolidate this side of the market. We also see significant opportunity to grow our DIY business, but are more cautious in how we view our ability to increase ticket counts on a year-over-year basis. Our DIY ticket counts in 2022 were pressured in comparison to 2021 as we were still calendaring the impact of government stimulus and faced headwinds from gas price shocks and inflation. We feel like we have now completely lapped the artificial spikes in demand and are pleased with the steady DIY traffic we saw in the back half of the year. While there has been a lot of volatility in our comparisons over the past 3 years, our overall growth in DIY ticket counts has been solidly positive in total during that timeframe. We have clearly taken market share since the onset of the pandemic through consistent execution and excellent service even as we face the long-term industry trend of pressure to DIY ticket counts. For 2023, we will continue to face this industry dynamic where increased complexity and quality of parts extend service and repair intervals. As a result, we anticipate DIY traffic down will be down slightly in 2023 with an expectation that we will continue to gain market share to partially offset the normal industry drag on ticket counts. We expect the pressure to DIY traffic to be more than offset by increased average ticket. We anticipate average ticket on both sides of our business to benefit from low single-digit inflation arising from the carryover benefit on a year-over-year basis as we compare against price levels that ramp throughout 2022. Consistent with our historical practice, we are including only modest increases in price levels from this point forward in 2023. We do not expect to see growth in average ticket values above and beyond same-SKU inflation, resulting from increased product complexity and our ability to trade customers up to a higher quality product on the good-better-best spectrum. As we move through 2023, we anticipate comps in the first half of the year to be stronger than the back half as a result of the year-over-year same-SKU inflation benefit as well as easier comparisons in professional ticket counts, which ramped throughout 2022, and to a lesser degree, DIY ticket counts which faced more pronounced pressure in the first half of last year. We are off to a strong start thus far in 2023 and we are pleased to see continued momentum on both sides of our business. Now I want to spend some time covering our SG&A and operating profit performance in 2022 and our outlook for 2023 before turning the call over to Brent who will provide color on our gross margin. Fourth quarter SG&A expense as a percentage of sales was 32.2%, in line with the fourth quarter of 2021. As we noted in our press release yesterday, this number includes a $28 million charge associated with our transition to an enhanced paid time-off program for our team members. Average per store SG&A for 2022 was just  was up just over 4.8%, driven by incremental variable operating expenses on better-than-expected sales volumes and cost inflation in fuel, wage rates and team member benefits. Over the last several years, our teams have demonstrated an ability to drive an enhanced level of profitability and productivity on our SG&A spend as we are pleased with the finish to 2022. As we look forward to 2023, we are planning to grow average SG&A per store by approximately 4.5%. This level of spend is a step change higher than we would normally forecast in our initial SG&A guidance. While we anticipate facing some pressures to costs from ongoing inflation, the majority of our incremental spend anticipated in 2023 reflects deliberate decisions we are making to invest in our business. We are targeting initiatives we believe will enhance the value proposition we offer to both our team members and customers by investing in our professional parts people and our customer service levels, in turn, driving both long-term sales and operating profit dollar growth. We plan to deploy these resources to enhance our long-term operational strength with specific emphasis on strengthening our team member experience and benefits, upgrading our store vehicle fleet, refreshing and improving our store image and appearance, and deploying incremental technology projects as well as investments in infrastructure. We believe we have an opportunity to capitalize on our strong competitive position in our industry and further separate ourselves as we consolidate the market. We are highly confident our investment in these initiatives will provide strong long-term returns, but anticipate we will face initial pressure to our SG&A as a percentage of sales in 2023. Based on these expectations, coupled with the normal drag from new store expansion and our anticipated gross margin rate, which Brent will discuss in a minute, we are setting our operating profit guidance range at 19.8% to 20.3% of sales. At the midpoint of our guidance, we are expecting operating profit to increase over 4%. Ultimately, our leadership team is focused on enhancing the excellent customer service and overall value that creates strong relationships with our customers on both sides of the business that, in turn, drive long-term growth in operating profits. To finish up my prepared comments, I want to add to what Greg has already said about the incredible experience we had as a leadership team in Dallas and the enthusiasm our team showed for our business and the OReilly culture. This was my 26th Leadership Conference, my first being in 1998 when I first became a Store Manager and there is no doubt in my mind, it was our best one yet. Since there was  since this was our first in-person conference since 2020, the last two being virtual, there was certainly a lot for us to celebrate, but I was blown away by the commitment I saw from our team to not rest on our laurels or be satisfied with our past success. Instead, our team was passionate about the opportunities we have in front of us. As we look forward to 2023 and set an ambitious plan to outperform the competition and gain market share, we will be aggressive in supporting our teams and equipping them with the tools and resources to drive our company to an even higher level of performance. I want to once again thank Team OReilly for their continued dedication to our company.  Now I will turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Kirby: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin my remarks today by congratulating Team OReilly on yet another strong year. Once again, your commitment to consistent, excellent customer service drove outstanding results in 2022. As Greg and Brad have already shared, it was a privilege to be able to get together with our industry-leading team professional parts people at our leadership conference in January, and we are all incredibly excited about the strength of our business moving forward in 2023. Today, Im going to discuss our fourth quarter and full year gross margin and supply chain results and our outlook for 2023 and provide color on our capital investments. Starting with gross margin. Our fourth quarter gross margin of 50.9% was 183 basis point decrease from the fourth quarter of 2021, but in line with our guidance expectations. For the full year, gross margin came in at 51.2%, which was 145 basis point decrease from last year. Our year-over-year margin results were primarily impacted by the rollout of our professional pricing initiative, combined with anticipated comparison headwinds to the LIFO benefits that we realized in 2021. We are pleased to generate a full year gross margin rate in the upper end of our guidance range. However, were even more excited to drive strong gross profit dollar growth. Our price investments and superior execution of our business model paid off in a solid 5% increase in gross profit dollars in 2022, which represents a 3-year compounded annual growth rate of 11%. I want to thank our supply chain store operations and sales teams for their hard work in driving these results in a dynamic and very challenging market environment. For 2023, we expect gross margin to be in the range of 50.8% to 51.3%, which is consistent with how we viewed our margin guide throughout 2022. Even though we arent anticipating a significant year-over-year change, there are a few puts and takes that I want to call out that we expect to impact our gross margin in 2023. To begin, we will face some remaining incremental pressure in the first quarter from our professional pricing initiative as we lap a higher gross margin run rate at the beginning of 2022 before we fully rolled out the initiative in the middle of the first quarter. We also will face headwinds from a number of other factors, including comparisons to temporary benefits in the first half of 2022 from the timing of selling price increases, a higher planned mix of professional business in 2023 as that side of the business continues to grow faster, the calendaring of the remaining LIFO benefit that we realized in 2022, and pressure on distribution costs as we continue to stabilize our network after the disruptive periods we have seen during the pandemic, and face headwinds in the fixed cost we capitalized in inventory driven by a significantly smaller planned inventory build in 2023. Offsetting these headwinds, our gross margin outlook also includes an anticipated benefit from modest acquisition cost improvements. On balance, we still expect to see inflationary pressure in acquisition cost in 2023, driven by rising labor and raw material costs in the supply chain. These are specific areas that we have seen some relief in from cost pressure that were passed along to us over the course of the last 2 years, specifically in freight and transportation costs. Beyond what we have built into our outlook for next year, we remain very cautious regarding the prospect for incremental reductions in acquisition costs as most of our supply chain partners continue to face broad inflationary pressures. On an individual basis, none of the discrete factors I just outlined represent a significant impact to our gross margin. And candidly, we normally dont dig in at this level of detail in discussing the puts and takes that impact our margin. However, we think its important to provide additional color since there are so many moving pieces. Over the last several years, we have seen variability in our quarterly margin results that are not typical of the normal cadence for our business, driven by significant cost inflation, the reversal of our LIFO debit balance and the implementation of our professional pricing initiative. In 2023, we anticipate quarter-to-quarter gross margins to be more consistent, with only first quarter being slightly below our full year guidance, driven by product mix. However, since some of our comparisons are more challenging, in the first half of the year, we do expect to see some pressure on gross margin rate on a year-over-year basis in the first two quarters. Inventory per store at the end of 2022 was $730,000, which was up 15% from the end of last year, which is significantly above the target that we set for inventory growth at the beginning of 2022. Over the course of much of the last 3 years, it has been our intent to aggressively add incremental inventory dollars, and we have been constrained by supply chain challenges and the necessity to keep up with the strong sales volumes and replenishment needs of our stores. As we move through the back half of 2022, our supply chain distribution and store operations teams made tremendous progress in deploying additional inventory. We also proactively took advantage of opportunities to incrementally add inventory to our network as we saw upside in capitalizing on strong sales demand as supply constraints begin to ease. For 2023, we are planning per store inventory to increase approximately 2%, which is below our historical run rates. This is primarily because of the inventory additions that we accelerated at the end of 2022. Our ongoing inventory management is geared to deploy the right inventory at the optimal position within our tiered distribution network. While our expected incremental additions in 2023 are modest, our plans include continued adjustments to push out and pull back inventory to ensure that were offering the best possible local inventory assortments. A key part of our inventory deployment strategy is our ongoing evaluation and modification of all aspects of our hub store network, including the number of hub stores, sizing of inventory assortments and market positioning. A substantial amount of increased inventory that we deployed in 2022 and the dollars we plan to roll out in 2023 are targeted in our hub stores to further enhance our industry-leading inventory position. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the fourth quarter was 135%, which sets an all-time high for our company, and was heavily influenced by extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns along with the impact from increased inflation and product acquisition costs. While we deployed significant incremental inventory into our distribution centers and stores in 2022, we actually saw a decrease in net inventory investment of $513 million. We anticipate our AP to inventory ratio to moderate slightly as we move through 2023 and currently expect to finish the year with a ratio of approximately 133%. Our capital expenditures in 2022 were $563 million, which fell short of our original plan by approximately $140 million. The lower CapEx was driven by a few different factors, including a heavier weighing of leased versus owned stores, the delay of certain store DC and headquarter projects and planned maintenance, and the timing of expenditures related to distribution expansion projects. Included in our expectations for 2023, our plan to deploy capital for the initiatives that were delayed in 2022 as well as support new store and DC development to support our long-term growth strategies in the U.S. and Mexico. For 2023, we are setting our capital expenditure guidance at $750 million to $800 million. We have also established a target of 180 to 190 net new store openings with a planned heavier mix of owned versus leased locations. Our CapEx outlook also includes significant investments in our distribution network as we will complete and open our newest distribute center in Guadalajara, Mexico and expect initial expenditures for future projects. We have identified several exciting projects and initiatives in 2023 to enhance our service levels and provide customers an improved efficiency and product availability. Our CapEx guidance includes planned investments in significant DC and store fleet upgrades, store projects to enhance the image, appearance and convenience of our stores, and strategic investments in information technology projects. Before I turn the call over to Jeremy, I want to again thank Team OReilly for their unwavering commitment to our customers and dedication to going the extra mile to deliver outstanding business results in 2022. Now Id like to turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brent. I would also like to congratulate Team OReilly on another outstanding year. Now we will fill in some additional details on our fourth quarter results and guidance for 2023. For the fourth quarter, sales increased $353 million, comprised of a $288 million increase in comp store sales, a $65 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $2 million increase in non-comp non-store sales, and a $2 million decrease from closed stores. For 2023, we expect our total revenues to be between $15.2 billion and $15.5 billion.  Brent covered our gross margin performance and guidance earlier, but I want to provide a quick reminder on how we view the application of LIFO in our gross margin results. We view our reported gross margin as the best measurement of our performance. Since the GAAP cost of goods sold under the LIFO method most closely matches our current acquisition costs, as a result, we dont view the normal application of LIFO as a discrete charge in our evaluation of gross margin. In the first quarter of 2022, we did receive a limited benefit of just under $10 million, resulting from the reversal of our historic LIFO debit balance and the final sell-through of inventory purchased prior to acquisition cost increases. This comparison headwind is a component of our gross margin expectations that Brent outlined earlier. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 18.2% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 19.9%, reduced by a 1.7% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the fourth quarter of 2021 rate of 19.4% of pretax income which was comprised of a base tax rate of 20.4% reduced by a 1% benefit for share-based compensation. The fourth quarter of 2022 base rate as compared to 2021 was lower as a result of an increase in certain state tax credits. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 22.4% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 23.3%, reduced by a 0.9% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full year of 2023, we expect an effective tax rate of 22.9%, comprised of a base rate of 23.4%, reduced by a benefit of 0.5% for share-based compensation. We expect the fourth quarter rate to be lower than the other three quarters due to the tolling of certain tax periods. Also, variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results and our expectations for 2023. Free cash flow for 2022 was $2.4 billion versus $2.5 billion in 2021. The decrease of $178 million was driven by higher capital expenditures in 2022 versus 2021, and differences in accrued compensation. For 2023, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion. As Brent discussed earlier, the expected year-over-year decrease is due to a planned increase in net inventory in 2023 versus the benefit we realized in 2022 as well as the planned increase in CapEx. These headwinds are expected to be partially offset by a benefit of $300 million in 2023, resulting from favorable timing of tax payments and disbursements for renewable energy tax credits. Moving on to debt, we finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.84x as compared to our end of 2021 ratio of 1.69x, with the increase driven by our successful issuance of $850 million of 10-year senior notes in June, offset by the September retirement of $300 million of maturing notes. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5x, and plan to prudently approach that number over time. We continue to execute our share repurchase program. And for 2022, based on the strength of our business, we were able to purchase 5 million shares at an average share price of $661.66 for total investment of $3.3 billion. Since the inception of our share repurchase program in 2011, we have repurchased 91 million shares at an average share price of $224.8 for a total investment of $20.4 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected future discounted cash flows of our and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include additional share repurchases. Before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to thank our team for your hard work and dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Paul, the operator, to return to the line, and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question today is coming from Michael Lasser from UBS. Michael, your line is live.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. So prior to the pandemic [indiscernible], OReilly would consistently guide its comp in the 3% to 5% range. This year, that outlook calls for 4% to 6% increase. Are you backing into that based on the investments that youre making in SG&A such that you need this sales level in order to drive leverage to cover the buildup of cost? And if so, does that create some downside comp risk kind of similar to how last year played out?
Greg Johnson: Yes, Michael, this is Greg. I mean, the answer to your question is absolutely not. Brad and  talked a lot about our bullish thesis on both the industry and what we expected from our company in 2023. And the fact that miles driven has improved, not to the point of pre-pandemic levels, fuel prices have stabilized, new car sales and used car sale prices have been elevated, and overall sales have been softer over the past few years, I think therell be some recovery there in 2023, but we still see a tremendous opportunity just because new car sales may improve, that doesnt mean that the millions of cars that are on the road today will just simply vanish. Cars are built better, they are lasting longer. And for all those reasons that Brad laid out. Were very, very optimistic about the future. But as always, were cautious. First and fourth quarters are more volatile. And I dont know whats going to happen with the economy. The onset of spring impacts our volumes. But overall, on an annual basis, we remain very bullish for our future.
Jeremy Fletcher: Michael, maybe the only thing I would add there is we continue to expect to an average ticket benefit thats greater than normal years as we roll over some of the pricing changes that happened within our business and our industry last year. But even as we step behind or beyond some of those macro factors, we feel very positive about how we think about the opportunities we have from a share perspective as we move through next year. And those are things that we have confidence in because of the trends that weve seen for the last couple of quarters as weve seen the  I think our customer base be really resilient and respond, and weve seen traction and momentum on both sides of our business.
Michael Lasser: That makes sense. My follow-up question, and youve gotten this a lot recently, is that costs have come down quite a bit, whether its supply chain costs in the form of lower containers, petroleum prices. Can you quantify the savings that OReilly is experiencing from these lower input costs? And are you passing along the savings in the form of lower prices or is that helping the profitability in offsetting some of the other pressures that you had identified?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Michael, maybe let me answer your question backwards and the second part first. Yes, were absolutely  whenever we see any potential benefits, were  weve been able to take that to the bottom line. We have not seen to date any market movements to roll back some of the increases that weve seen and if there is been any relief on pressures. And Brent talked about that as a positive within his prepared comments. We do expect some benefits there this year. I think to the first part of your question, we havent quantified  we wont. And I would maybe caution a little bit to treat that as a big factor moving in one direction. There continues cost pressure on balance. We think that we will see more cost increases this year than decreases as our suppliers continue to stay under pressure. And while weve seen some reductions, and those are good, and were positive about that. Were very cautious in how we think about that moving forward and the benefits that we would bake in. And I think you see that reflected and really how  I think weve talked about this for the last couple of quarters, but then also as weve laid out our outlook.
Michael Lasser: Thank you so much and good luck to Brad and Brent in their new roles, and the entire team.
Brad Beckham: Thank you, Michael.
Brent Kirby: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
Simeon Gutman: Hey, guys. Im going to ask the one and a follow-up now. The first question on SG&A growth. Is this a 2023 event or  are the spending on the stores and people? Or do you foresee some of this spilling into next year? And then to clarify, if product the second is to follow up, if product acquisition costs start coming down, because you didnt record a charge, does that create  does that  do we start creating a new debit balance? Just I think that, that wont help the gross margin then since you didnt create a charge you just build up another reserve. I just want to make sure thats right.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Simeon, I will take  I will start the SG&A response here, and then maybe Jeremy or Brent will want to chime in. We havent changed our focus. Our focus continues to be growing operating margin dollars. Our focus continues to be to grow top line faster than we grow SG&A. None of thats changed. We still talk about our core culture value of expense control day-in and day-out. This change this year was a deliberate and a prudent effort to try to position us for future growth. There is a lot thats changed over the past 2 years in the retail market and industries as a whole across all industries, actually. And we faced wage pressures, there is no secret there. We faced turnover. And we really looked ourselves in the mirror this year and had conversations with our team members about what is important. We want to stop the turnover, get back to normalized rates, make sure we have the ability to recruit, promote and retain the best talent, which is what we have been successful with for also  so part of that initiative, and I am not going to go into all of it, perhaps Brent or Brad would want to go into more detail. We called out the initiative on the PTO. Thats one example of us listening to our team members as to whats important to them and an effort for us to position ourselves for future growth. I dont know, Jeremy, if you had anything to add?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Maybe the only thing I would say is we establish our SG&A guidance 1 year at a time, and I dont want to guide from a pure dollar perspective, what we look like beyond that. I think what Greg points to, though, is that we remain highly committed to making sure that we are driving the right results out of every part of what we invest in our business from an expense control standpoint. And so as we move beyond this year, we intend that these investments pay off, that we lever SG&A as a result of them. And I think what you would expect to see from that perspective hasnt changed from a long-term standpoint. Does that mean we wont find other things as we continue to move forward and invest in, we will continue to evaluate that. It is our intent to do what we can do to build the long-term strength of our business. And I think what you see in our guidance and what we talked about matches up with that. Maybe just briefly to address your second question around the LIFO perspective, to the extent we see cost decreases in the coming year, we again, dont expect that on balance substantially. They are going to offset cost increases. It would require a magnitude of change there thats far in excess of what we would expect for our LIFO accounting to push back into a debit balance. So, we will be on a credit LIFO for the foreseeable future and the impact of that is as we see cost increases that will get reflected pretty rapidly within our reported results.
Simeon Gutman: Thank you.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Greg, your line is live.
Greg Melich: Great. Thanks. I guess my first question was on wages. What was the inflation in average hourly wage that you saw last year? And what are you expecting this year in the guidance?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. It was significant in 2022. It was in the mid to high-single digit range for inflation. It depends on market and type of position for us. We expect that to moderate off of those levels. We will have some carryover impact there from a comparative situation evolves. But we are still building in an expectation of somewhere in mid-single digit range from a wage perspective because of those factors. What I would tell you is that we see that is the ongoing regular management of our business. And we expect that, as we saw in 2022, that we will have the ability to pass along the cost increases to the extent that we have planned. And if that number ends up being different than what we foresee at this point in time, we will have the ability to pass it along as well.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then my second question is on mix shift. You mentioned that as being a slight headwind to gross margin, I would love to have a little more detail on that and color within DIY and pro. Is there any trade-down occurring? What sort of behaviors are you seeing from your customers on both sides of the house?
Brent Kirby: Yes. Greg, this is Brent. I can start on that and then others can chime in. We really  net overall, we havent seen a lot of trade-down. In some categories, we have actually seen trade up as cars become more sophisticated and OE requirements on batteries as an example, with AGM, and some of the higher price points that are required on a lot of replacement batteries today. So, we have seen a lot of that actually move the consumer from the best to the better in a lot of cases  or better to best, rather. We have seen a little bit a category where we still had some  a lot of inflation in the oil category, and we have had majors that have still struggled with their supply chain. In some cases, we have seen customers trade-down to some of our proprietary brands on oil. And quite frankly, they are happy with what they are getting and we are seeing some stickiness there with those customers with some of our proprietary brands, which long-term is a good thing for us. But net-net, we havent seen any violent move, one way or the other, in terms of trade-up or trade-down.
Greg Johnson: And Greg, maybe specifically to your question, in Bretts prepared comments, when you talked about some modest headwinds there, thats really on the professional versus DIY mix, because we anticipate professional and our top line grows faster in that that creates just the mathematical pressure on
Greg Melich: Thats a category mix effect, not within the two sides.
Greg Johnson: That is side of business mix effect, not within each side from a category.
Brent Kirby: The expectation is that the DIFM is going to outperform DIY.
Greg Melich: Got it. Perfect. Well, good luck and thanks.
Brent Kirby: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Seth Basham from Wedbush. Seth, your line is live.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. And my question is around the DIY side of the business. You mentioned that you see some opportunities for ticket growth, but you are more cautious. Now, even with the easier comparisons there in the first half of the year, would you expect ticket growth  ticket account growth, I should say, in the first half of 2023?
Greg Johnson: Yes. Just to clarify, Seth, in Brads comments, we said we expect DIY tickets to be slightly down. Now, we see some benefit as we continue to perform well against the marketplace, we are gaining share on the DIY side of our business. And we will have some easier comparisons in the first part of the year because of the pressures we saw last year that you mentioned. Thats really all partial offsets against the longer term industry trend that we and others have talked about that pressures ticket count comps because of the increasing costs and complexity of vehicle parts that supports the average ticket price, but possibly lead to service intervals and repair cycles that extend out. So, we anticipate that, that is a bigger impact for us as we move through the year. But  and that is kind of consistent with how we would normally think about DIY tickets.
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay. So, a little bit less pressure in the first half of the year and then more normal thereafter?
Greg Johnson: Correct.
Seth Basham: Thank you very much.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Seth.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Brian, your line is live.
Brian Nagel: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations on the promotions.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Brian.
Brent Kirby: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Nagel: So, the first question, I guess its pretty simple, but the business did accelerate just from the comp perspective, even stacked up nicely here in Q4. And then the commentary you made suggests that strength has continued here to Q1. You mentioned weather is a driver. Is there  I guess, can we maybe quantify the benefits of weather within that acceleration? And are there other factors that could help to explain why the business has strengthened further off of already strong levels?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Brian, thanks for the question. The weather is a part of the acceleration, I would tell you, its not all of the acceleration. So, we continue to see traction. And maybe I will start here and the other guys can jump in. We continue to see strong traction within our professional business and the trends there we have seen, we are very encouraged by. From a DIY perspective as we move further out in the middle part of the year when we saw pressure that, that customer has proven to be resilient and stabilized quite a bit. And we have seen some incremental improvements there that are positive. Obviously, as we think about those things, we look at them on a stack basis because of the comparison questions. But those types of things were positive. As we got to the last couple of weeks of the year, we had a cold snap that stretched across a lot of the country and we can see that pretty clearly. But even in that period of time, what we saw was broad-based across a lot of our regions and markets and customers. And we have been pleased with how we continue to see strength in the first quarter.
Greg Johnson: Brian, I think one of the things we called out that I think you are referencing is the strength in winter categories. And we did see  actually it was the expected strength where we saw cold weather, snowy weather. Obviously, up in North, snow is probably better for us than it is in the South, but the recovery component after the snow gets cleared in the South helps us out as well.
Brian Nagel: Got it. And then helpful. Then my second question, look, I know its early. We have been talking about it as an investment community inflation and within your business for a while. But maybe as you are starting to see those inflationary pressures begin to abate and recognizing you are not lowering prices, but prices may not be going up as much as they once were, are you seeing consumers react favorably to that? In other words, I am asking, are you starting to see the early indications of what may be sort of say, an elasticity of demand here?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Its kind of tough to see that, Brian. I think it lays into a lot of other factors with the consumer. We dont see the same types of pressure on our customers when we have those things pass through. The shocks are a big deal. We saw shocks in 2022. But pretty quickly, our consumer adjusted to that. They have a real non-discretionary need for what they buy from us. They got to keep their car on the road to be able to get to work, to take their kids to activities, to do so many things that are part of American life. So, as we move past that, we have, I think some benefits. Before we were a little bit more constrained, maybe we have more of an opportunity to add items to a job or to sell them up on the value perspective, and we feel positive. But I think our positivity is just around the overall strength of how we view that consumer.
Greg Johnson: Brian, and to Brents earlier comments about a trading up, trading down, we just really havent seen evidence of a significant trade-down to drive us to think that there was tremendous cost pressure on the consumer. Some of the trade-up, trade-down, trade-across, as I have said in previous quarters, was about inventory availability. Perhaps we didnt have the particular brand they wanted. But a lot of that subsided with the improvement in our supply chain. So, really havent seen any evidence of elasticity or trade-down.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Alright. Guys, congrats again. Thank you.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Mike Baker from D.A. Davidson. Mike, your line is live.
Mike Baker: Okay. Thanks guys. We sort of danced around this, I think a little bit, but I wanted to ask you about any concern about a price war or aggressive pricing? We talked about it a year ago, there was a big concern. It never really materialized. But now as auto is talking about getting more investment in pricing, your gross margin, the midpoint is down, can you just address how you talk about or think about pricing amongst your close-end competitors? Thanks.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Mike. We  as we said last year when we introduced this concept of adjusting our prices, it was a very scientific process we went about. It was thought out, it was tested, it was evaluated. And it wasnt across the board. It was directed to individual SKUs across individual categories. And we did not see any movement from our competitors at that time. Since then, we have clearly taken some market share. So, what our competitors do going forward, we dont know. We have no control over it. But we have seen no evidence of that today. Brad, you live this day-in and day-out. What are your thoughts?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hi, good morning Mike. Yes. As you know, as we talked for a long time, all of us here have been in this industry a long time. We have been with the company a long time. Thats the first time in my 26-year career that we have really moved our framework down the way we did. And we have no plans to do that again. We felt like, as you know, there was a huge opportunity. We work in a $130 billion industry, and we do  we have 10% share. And as you know, on the professional side, its so much more fragmented. And with the disruption we saw the last couple of years in supply chain and some other things that hit the independents and some of the smaller players harder, especially some of the weaker ones, it was very strategic for us to make the decision we made. And we feel not only as good as we did a year ago, but we feel better in the decision we made. But its made, we did it, we rolled it out. And there is no plans to do that again. And just to remind you, Mike, our teams pro-price initiative is probably fifth or sixth down the list when our operational and sales teams go to market. They are focused on having relationships with the installers. They are focused on having relationships with the decision makers, given the best delivery service in town, helping them turn their base. And I dont necessarily contribute a large portion success last year to just pricing, its backing up the pricing with the top two, three, four things that make the pricing pay-off. And we feel really good about how thats going to continue to build in 2023.
Mike Baker: Yes. Sorry, go on.
Brent Kirby: Yes. This is Brent. I was just  the only thing I would add to the comments Greg and Brad have already made on professional pricing is the framework remains intact and we monitor it on an ongoing basis. We monitor all our pricing on an ongoing basis. But we have stayed very rigorous around being competitive, but winning on service and parts availability. Thats how we win.
Mike Baker: Yes. Makes perfect sense. Appreciate the color.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Chris, your line is live.
Chris Horvers: Thanks for squeezing me in. Dovetail on a couple of earlier questions. I guess on that DIY acceleration, you got past  gas prices came down, you had some favorable weather in December. But I guess as you would look at DIY, do you think your share gains accelerated sequentially? Like, to what degree was the acceleration some more of like non-specific to OReilly factors versus share gains that you have been driving?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Really hard to say, Chris. And I think, especially on the DIY side of the business, the pace of what we see from a ticket perspective, more modest than on the professional side. I think we talked about where its very clear that we know we are outperforming the market. We think that likely throughout the course of all of 22 and, frankly, 2021 and 2020, we have been outperforming the market and taking in share gain. So, I dont know that we have seen a net incremental acceleration there. I think it would be hard to see. And maybe you would have to watch it for a few more quarters. I do think that a lot of what we have seen is our customers just continued to be strong and healthy. And the industry continues to prove out that there is a lot of value in investing in your vehicle at higher mileages that its  there is a good payback on that for customers. And I think thats been a positive as well for us.
Chris Horvers: And so I have sort of a two-part follow-up. So, one is, I guess on the PTO program, to what extent is this sort of a competitive need where direct competitors, companies like Walmart are  had a higher PTO option that you are reacting to in the environment? And then just second, as you think about the first half, obviously, weather always has an impact. It hasnt been that great of a winter so far. Is the expectation as you lap that gas shock that is essentially muting whats been a relatively warm winter?
Brad Beckham: Hi Chris, this is Brad. I will touch on the PTO and then kick it over for the other. But as you know, Chris, we work in a people business. You have heard us talk for a long time about the importance of having tenure and knowledge and professional parts people. And quite frankly, we are very proud. When Brent and I talk, whether its the store teams or DC teams, we are very proud of our ability to retain and cut down on turnover amongst everything thats happened in the last couple of years. But frankly, Chris, we are getting ahead. We are going to invest in our people. We are looking at human capital. We are looking at things that we are less looking at what maybe competitors do or other parts of retail is we feel like this is very strategic. We feel like our people value their time off. We feel like we need to be more flexible in the way we give them that time off. And so really, this for us is getting ahead, not following anybody. We are being proactive and we are going to invest in our people.
Jeremy Fletcher: And then maybe on the weather part of your question Chris. I would say, obviously, we have had some positives there at the end of our fourth quarter just maybe more on balance, we would view weather as neutral. I think depending upon market, we see things, plus or minus, there is nothing from a significant change perspective that at least at this point, we would call out as having an overhang effect as we move through to the next couple of quarters as we think about cadence during the year, and I know Brad mentioned it in his comments. We do expect more strength in the first half of the year because of some of the opportunities on average ticket in the comparisons from a DIY and professional ticket count perspective is as we run up against some more opportunities there. But on balance, I think weather, we would say its favorable constructive for the type of demand we would like to see in 2023.
Chris Horvers: Thanks so much. Have a great spring.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Scot, your line is live.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi guys. Scot Ciccarelli. Thanks for squeezing me in as well. Just  I guess one more question regarding kind of the same SKU inflation comments you guys have already made. Are some vendors actually reducing product costs, or are we just talking about reducing the magnitude of increases, because obviously, thats two different things.
Brent Kirby: Yes. Chris, this is Brent  Scot, rather, this is Brent. I would tell you its a little bit of a mixed bag out there. There are some suppliers that have been more impacted by wage rates and raw material costs than others, obviously. We are always going to negotiate hard. We are always going to negotiate for best first cost. None of that stopped. We are relentless with that. We are going to continue to be. I hit on in the prepared comments, we have seen transportation costs abate from what they were from the peak. We have seen some benefit from that. So, we have also still seen some continued inflation even later in the cycle on petroleum products. So, its a mixed bag out there, but our guide anticipates that we are not going to see any tailwinds from acquisition costs. We are going to negotiate hard, and we are going to do everything we can to control cost. And then where we do have to absorb any increases, we will be able to pass those along to our customers.
Jeremy Fletcher: And just to be completely clear on that one, Scot, when we say our guide, it does include some benefit from cost reductions. I think what Brent is saying there is that we are not anticipating a lot of incremental things versus what we havent seen already.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay. Thats very helpful. And then just clarity on the $28 million PTO charge in SG&A. Was that treated as a charge because that was like an accrual catch-up of some sort and then we are basically on a run rate basis for 23?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Scott, we did have an accrual catch-up. As we converted to the plan, we had some existing balances and some other types of sick and personal time items that as we enhanced, we had a one-time catch-up for team members. And then our run rate will be higher as a result of what we have seen. On a comparative basis, it will have normal comparisons there with the difference, obviously, that it will be a run rate throughout 23 as opposed to a fourth quarter charge in 22.
Scot Ciccarelli: Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Scot.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Paul. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire OReilly team once again for their unwavering commitment to our customers and for our strong results we have posted in 2022. We look forward to another strong year in 2023. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting 2023 first quarter results in April. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Inc. Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Vanessa and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. You may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Vanessa. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's call, we will discuss our third quarter 2022 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2021 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Jeremy. Good morning everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto [ph] Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brad Beckham, our Chief Operating Officer; and Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer. Brent Kirby, our Chief Supply Chain Officer; Greg Hensley, our Executive Chairman; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman are also present on the call. I'd like to begin our call today by thanking Team O'Reilly for your hard work and commitment to providing excellent customer service, which drove our strong results in the third quarter. Our quarterly results were highlighted by a 7.6% increase in comparable store sales resulting in an impressive two and three-year comp sales stack of 14.3% and 31.2% respectively. Before we walk through the details of our performance and our prepared comments I want to begin the call today by acknowledging all of those affected by Hurricane Ian. On behalf of all of Team O'Reilly, I wanted to express our greatest sympathies for the devastation and loss being felt by so many families in the regions impacted by the hurricane. As a company, we were very fortunate to have incurred only limited damage and our teams were simply incredible in their rapid response to the recovery from the storm. I am always extremely proud of the way Team O'Reilly shines during these challenging times and we are all incredibly appreciative of how our team members once again stepped up in the aftermath of Hurricane Ian to serve their communities with critical supplies necessary in the recovery efforts. Thank you to each of our over 84,000 team members for living our culture of excellent customer service so well, for truly being the friendliest parts store in town, and producing the outstanding results we will discuss today. Now, I'd like to turn to our comparable store sales performance and provide some color on what we saw on both sides of our business as we move through the quarter. We started the quarter in July with improving volume trends, driven in part by warm weather across many of our markets and we're pleased to see these trends continue through the quarter with positive comparable store sales growth on both the DIY and professional side of the business, each month of the quarter. Our sales volumes accelerated, as we moved through the quarter and exceeded the guidance we communicated on our second quarter call. On a three-year stack basis, our comparable store sales were strong each month, with September finishing as the strongest month of the quarter. Our professional business again outperformed in the third quarter, producing double-digit comparable store sales growth on robust growth in both ticket counts and average ticket size. Our third quarter professional comparable store sales growth was a continuation of the strength we saw in the second quarter, with the continued benefit from average ticket growth supplemented by accelerating ticket count gains and we're very pleased to see the strong durable nature of our professional sales volume. We're very excited about the momentum we've seen in our professional business and remain highly confident in our competitive advantages in customer service and inventory availability on this side of our business. We expect to continue to consolidate the industry and grow our professional share and our team is highly motivated to outperform the competition in all of our market areas. Shifting to the DIY business. We were pleased to generate positive results in the third quarter against extremely difficult two and three-year comparisons, reversing the trend of pressure to DIY sales in the first half of the year and outperforming our guidance forecast. As I previously noted, our DIY business was positive each month of the quarter, with comparable store sales increases, driven by growth in average ticket, being partially offset by anticipated traffic pressures, with both metrics outperforming our expectations for the quarter. We saw improvement in ticket counts on the DIY side, as we progress through the quarter, while calendaring very challenging prior year comparisons and we are pleased to see the resilience in our DIY customer base, in spite of continued pressure from broad-based inflation. Although the professional side of our business continues to be the stronger performer, the improvement in our DIY business was the larger driver in surpassing our expectations for the third quarter. In total, our combined DIY and professional comparable store sales growth was again driven by strength in average ticket, which was approximately 10% on both sides of the business and consistent with what we saw in the second quarter. Same-SKU inflation benefit in the third quarter, were also consistent with the second quarter levels, coming in at similar levels to our average ticket increases, which was above our expectations. In the third quarter, we began to anniversary the acceleration of higher inflation in 2021. However, we did not see as much moderation as originally expected in this benefit on a year-over-year basis. We have continued to experience increases in product acquisition and operating costs that we are passing through in selling price increases. Pricing in our industry remains rational, and we continue to be pleased with our ability to pass through cost increases, but also maintain an element of caution, as our consumers face persistent inflation across the economy, that could result in traffic headwinds for our business. From a category standpoint, we saw broad-based support across our business including strength in the categories that normally benefit from summer heat, as we experienced warm temperatures at the beginning of the quarter. However, the benefit in weather-related categories was modest in relationship to our total business, and as such, we do not view weather as a significant contributor to our outperformance in the quarter. From a regional perspective, our performance was fairly consistent across our market areas, with widespread outperformance versus our expectations as we move through the quarter. Now, I'd like to turn to our updated sales guidance and industry outlook. As noted in our press release yesterday, we have updated our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range to 4.5% to 5.5%. This increase in our expectations for the full year is primarily a result of updating for third quarter performance. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we are pleased to see the volume trends we have experienced thus far in October, which have been in line with our third quarter results. We have seen sustained resilience in consumer demand, but remain cautious as we face continued broad-based inflation, the upcoming holiday season and spending pressures that places on consumers and weather dynamics that can vary significantly for the remainder of the year. While gas prices have retreated from the peaks we experienced in June, providing some level of relief to many consumers, we recognize that current fuel prices remain very volatile and well-above where we started the year as well as this time last year. It is important to note that the fact these factors can influence demand in the short-term such as fuel price spikes, weather and economic uncertainty can be distinguished from the long-term fundamental drivers of demand in our industry. We continue to be confident in the health of the automotive aftermarket, supported by steady recovery in miles driven and very favorable US vehicle fleet dynamics. We still view our customer base as healthy and believe consumers are in a stronger position now than in recent periods of economic uncertainty with continued support from strong employment and wage growth. Consumers continue to be able to capitalize on the strong value proposition of investing in their existing vehicles at higher and higher mileages as a result of the increasing quality of manufacturing and engineering vehicles on the road. We expect for demand in our industry to remain resilient as consumers who are facing high inflation and economic uncertainty, prioritize the maintenance of their existing vehicles in order to avoid taking on a payment for a higher price than newer vehicle. Now, turning to gross margin. For the third quarter, our gross margin of 50.9% was 132 basis point decrease from the third quarter 2021 gross margin, but in line with our guidance expectations. Our year-over-year margin continues to be primarily impacted by the rollout of our professional price initiative, combined with pressures from a reduced LIFO benefit, which Jeremy will discuss in more details in his prepared comments and a faster growth of our professional business. After incorporating our third quarter results, we continue to expect full year gross margin to be in the range of 50.8% to 51.3%. Our team worked relentlessly to translate to strong top line results into outstanding earnings per share growth with third quarter diluted EPS increasing to $9.17, a 14% increase over a strong comparison in 2021. While the year-over-year increase is impressive alone on a three-year compounded basis compared to 2019, our third quarter EPS increased 22% per year, highlighting our team's ability to deliver consistent profitable growth through executing our business model regardless of the tough comparisons we have faced. We are increasing our full year 2022 EPS guidance to $32.35 to $32.85, reflecting our year-to-date results and fourth quarter expectations. As a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional shares. To wrap up my comments, I want to again thank Team O'Reilly for never backing down from a challenge and providing consistent excellent customer service to our customers each and every day. It is your commitment to our culture, your fellow team members and our customers that drives our success and makes you the best team in the business. I'll now turn the call over to Brad Beckham. Brad?
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg and good morning, everyone. I would also like to personally thank Team O'Reilly for their commitment to our continued success and dedication to delivering excellent customer service by out-hustling and out-servicing our competition. Our top line results for the quarter are a testament to our team's ability to compete and I am proud of the way our team members in our stores and distribution centers go to market each and every day to win. Our team has repeatedly proven they are up to any challenge and I want to join Greg in showing my appreciation for the way our supply chain teams as well as our store operations and DC leadership in the Southeast took care of our teams and our customers in the aftermath of Hurricane Ian. Since safety has always been a critical culture value for Team O'Reilly, our primary focus during the weather event like Ian is ensuring our team members and their families are safe. Then as soon as we can safely make our way back to our store locations our leaders and teams waste no time getting their stores back up and running often on generator power with no communication systems. This incredible hard work and sacrifice creates tremendous goodwill with our customers who often have limited options to source the critical parts and supplies they need to meet the basic needs not only with their vehicles, but at home with their families to start recovering from the storm. Now I'd like to give some additional color on our professional sales performance for the quarter. As Greg previously discussed, strength in our professional business underpinned our comparable store sales growth for the quarter and we are extremely pleased to continue to see robust growth in both ticket and traffic on this side of our business. Our commitment to the professional customer has been ingrained in our company's DNA since our founding in 1957. The momentum we've generated on this side of our business is the result of solid fundamental execution of the same core competitive advantages that have driven our business for 65 years. Our professional customers rely on us to be an integral partner in the success of their business. We focus on developing long-lasting durable relationships with our customers by providing exceptional service from highly qualified knowledgeable professional parts people who are committed to overcoming any obstacle to take care of our customers. Our team's sense of urgency, professionalism and dedication to our customers allows us to leverage the significant investments we've made in distribution, hub infrastructure in inventory to provide industry-leading inventory availability which is absolutely vital to the success of our customers. Our partnerships with our professional customers go even deeper as we support all aspects of their operations through our investments in technology platforms shop management systems as well as technical and business management train. Above and beyond technical training for technicians, this training includes things like how to grow and manage a profitable business effectively right service how to market and advertise and effective strategies to retain the best technicians. It's our execution on these foundational priorities that not only earn the retention of existing business that give us the opportunity to earn new professional customers' business all aided by a competitive pricing strategy that all equals the best overall value in the automotive aftermarket. We've discussed our professional pricing initiative at length this year and we remain very pleased with the results we've seen from our competitive positioning within the broader aftermarket. We are confident that this was the right time to invest in professional pricing and we continue to see a rational overall pricing environment and normal competitive dynamics. Our sales teams know we provide a premium service, delivered by the best teams in the industry and we go to market with the confidence that our value proposition is an attractive one for both our existing and future new professional customers alike. Next I'd like to discuss our DIY business, as well as the opportunities we see to grow share on the retail side of the business. While the DIY market is much more consolidated than the professional business, we see tremendous share growth opportunity. The key value components of parts availability, excellent customer service provided by professional parts people and strong relationships that drive our professional business are also critical to our DIY business. Our DIY customers heavily rely on the service we provide and you can really see this play out in the highly consultant nature of a DIY customers visit to one of our stores. The professionalism of our team is on display during a typical customer encounter, creating a DIY customer when they walk in the door or pull in our parking lot and providing technical information and advice to walk them through the total job. This often includes standing side by side with the customer, their vehicle, to test an existing park or redo trouble code. Our professional parts people are committed to ensuring our customers have identified the right solution for their problem and have all the parts, tools and knowledge necessary to complete the job correctly the first time. When this work is beyond our DIY customers ability, our professional customers in each market come into play, with our shop referral program that we established many decades ago. Simply put the growth of our DIY and DIFM business go hand in hand. We believe it was our team's intense focus on fundamental execution of our business model and excellent customer service, coupled with continued improvements in fill rates and store in-stock inventory position that drove our results above our expectations in the third quarter. The DIY environment continues to be challenging, with the pressures these customers are facing on a broad scale, in turn placing pressure on our DIY ticket counts. We have also faced extremely difficult comparisons from the surge in DIY transaction counts we've generated over the past two-and-a-half years and are pleased with our team's ability to grow our DIY share and earn our customers' repeat business. The professional parts people we have standing ready at every green counter in every one of our stores across the country are ingrained with the understanding that our never say no philosophy is so very important. It means not only putting a part in a customer's hands for a sell today to solve their immediate need, but earning their business the next time they are taking on an automotive repair or maintenance job. Now, I'll turn to our SG&A and operating profit results for the third quarter and our updated expectations for the full year. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 29.8%, a leverage of 80 basis points from the third quarter of 2021. Total SG&A spend for the quarter came largely in line with the expectations given the better-than-expected sales volumes. On an average per-store basis, our SG&A was up 3.2% for the quarter. For the full year, we now expect SG&A per store to grow between 3% and 3.5% with the increase reflecting incremental variable operating expenses on better-than-expected sales volumes in the third quarter as well as ongoing cost inflation. Our teams continue to be very prudent in managing expenses in the face of significant inflationary impacts, while also being appropriately responsive to current sales trends to ensure we are able to optimize both our service levels and our operating margins. We are raising our full year operating profit guidance, and now expect to be in the range of 20.3% to 20.6%, which is reflective of both our adjustment to SG&A per store growth in our increased comparable store sales range. Now I'll provide an update to our store growth during the third quarter. We opened 37 net new stores across 20 states in the US and one new store in Mexico bringing our year-to-date total to 154 net new store openings. This puts us on track to achieve our target of approximately 180 net new store openings for 2022. As we noted in our press release yesterday, we are pleased to announce our 2023 new store opening target of 180 to 190 net new stores providing us the opportunity to expand our footprint across the US and Mexico. We continue to be pleased with our new store performance and see store and distribution growth as an attractive deployment of capital. These new store openings will again be spread across new and existing markets by our industry-leading distribution network. This allows us to continue to build on the superior parts availability, our existing and future customers value and expect, having the right part at the right place, at the right time for each one of our DIY and professional customers in every single one of our markets is more important than ever and we are fully committed to continue to build on our world-class supply chain. While we made further investments to enhance our distribution network, we are also making investments in our local inventory position to improve overall inventory availability. We finished the quarter with an average inventory per store of $697,000, which was up 10% from this time last year and 9% from the beginning of the year. Our plan when we enter 2022 was to aggressively add incremental dollars to our store level inventories throughout the year with a target to finish the year with an average per store inventory up over 8%. We are now looking to finish 2022 with average per store inventory at levels consistent with our current position. This would have us finishing with a slightly higher inventory increase than originally expected due to cost inflation above our expectations pushing up unit price, while overall units are in line with expectations. These continued strategic investments into our inventory position focused around having the right local combination of common and hard-to-find parts for every single market, store and customer are a critical component of our success. Deploying additional inventory dollars into -- and incrementally enhancing our hub network now at approximately 380 hubs strong has also supported growth on both sides of our business. Particularly with our professional customers, we're turning their base, keeping their technicians productive and in turn keeping their end DIFM customer truly happy is paramount. You've heard us say it repeatedly, time is money for our professional customers. So the quicker we can put the right part in their hands, the faster they can turn their base get their customers back on the road and in turn the more profitable we become together. To close my comments, I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their hard work and dedication to our customers. Excellent customer service is who we are, but that doesn't mean it comes easy. It takes hustle, hard work, commitment and dedication to every single customer, every single day, in each of our 5,900-plus stores and I am thankful, to work with the team who is truly dedicated to make this happen. Now I will turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brad. I would also like to add my thanks to all of Team O'Reilly, for your performance in the third quarter and continued dedication to our company's long-term success. Now we will cover some additional details on our quarterly results, and updated guidance for the remainder of 2022. For the quarter, sales increased $319 million comprised of a $257 million increase in comp store sales, a $60 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $4 million increase in noncomp nonstore sales and a $2 million decrease from closed stores. For 2022, we now expect our total revenues to be $14.1 billion to $14.3 billion, which is an increase from our previous range of $14.0 billion to $14.3 billion and is in line with the updated comparable store sales guidance range Greg discussed earlier. Greg covered our gross profit performance earlier, noting that gross margin for the third quarter was in line with our expectations with anticipated year-over-year pressure from the rollout of the Pro pricing initiative, LIFO comparisons and accelerated professional sales mix headwind. Since I'm sure you're all anxiously awaiting a detailed accounting discussion, I want to provide some additional details on the LIFO comparison, and how we view the flow-through of acquisition cost inflation in our gross margin results. We think it is helpful to contrast the impact of our earlier LIFO reporting prior to 2022, when we were still in a debit LIFO position versus the current situation where we have returned to a traditional LIFO credit balance. As we discussed throughout 2021, the application of LIFO accounting meant that as acquisition costs and selling prices went up, we realized the benefit from the sell-through of existing on-hand inventory that we carried at a lower historical cost due to our debit LIFO position. This nonrecurring benefit is a comparison headwind for 2022, and which we anticipated in our gross margin guidance and we've seen results in line with those expectations. Since our LIFO reserve flipped back to a credit balance in the third quarter of 2021, we are now back to typical LIFO accounting. And I think it is useful to clarify, how we view the application of LIFO and the treatment of inventory acquisition costs in our gross margin results. Under last and first out accounting, the cost of goods sold or runs through our reported gross margin results, most closely reflects our current acquisition costs and we believe this is the best picture of our gross margin performance.  This reporting aligns with how we manage our process, of evaluating and adjusting prices based on changes in inventory costs. Our teams diligently work to pass along cost increases in a timely manner, consistent with or ahead of our actual receipt of cost increases from suppliers. From a balance sheet perspective, in periods when costs are rising, we see an increase in our LIFO inventory credit balance, which reflects the application of the LIFO calculation. However, because we evaluate gross margin performance on the basis of current acquisition costs and selling prices, we do not view the normal application of LIFO as a discrete charge to our gross margin results. Since we take this approach, we can see some temporary impact in our gross margin results to the extent that the timing of cost changes and corresponding pricing movements did not align perfectly. The last several years have created volatility in our reported results driven by the exhaustion of our debit LIFO balance, as well as significant inflation in acquisition costs and disruptions in supply chains. But ultimately, we expect to see a much more muted impact from LIFO moving forward as our reported results reflect a more consistent relevant picture of gross margin performance. Our third quarter effective tax rate was 23.2% of pre-tax income comprised of a base rate of 24.3% reduced by a 1.1% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the third quarter of 2021 rate of 22.5% of pre-tax income comprised of a base rate of 24.2% reduced by a 1.7% benefit for share-based compensation. The third quarter of 2022 base rate was in line with our expectations. For the full year of 2022, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 23.0% comprised of a base rate of 23.5% and reduced by a benefit of 0.5% for share-based compensation. Our fourth quarter and full year expected tax rate is expected to be below our year-to-date rate of 23.6%, due to anticipated benefits in the fourth quarter from our continued commitment to renewable energy investments and the tolling of certain tax periods. Also, variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now, we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the first nine months of 2022 was $1.9 billion versus $2.2 billion for the first nine months of 2021 with the decrease driven by higher capital expenditures in 2022 and versus 2021 and differences in accrued compensation. Capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2022 were $389 million versus $341 million for the first nine months of 2021. We now expect CapEx to come in between $550 million to $650 million for the full year with the balance of the spend for the remainder of the year continuing to support new store and DC development projects, initiatives to enhance the image appearance and convenience of our stores, and strategic investments in the information technology projects. The reduction in our expected CapEx from our previous guidance range of $650 million to $750 million is primarily the result of ongoing supply chain challenges to acquire new fleet vehicles and complete various store and DC projects. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the third quarter was 135%, which once again has set an all-time high for our company and was heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns along with the impact from increased inflation in product acquisition costs. We do not anticipate our AP to inventory ratio to moderate off of this  I'm sorry, we do anticipate our AP to inventory ratio to moderate off of this historic high as we complete our inventory  additional inventory investments, but we now expect to finish the year slightly below our third quarter ratio. After generating $1.9 billion in year-to-date free cash flow and based on our updated net inventory and CapEx spend expectations for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our expected full year free cash flow guidance to a range of $1.8 billion to $2.1 billion, an increase of $0.5 billion from our previous guidance of $1.3 million to $1.6 billion. Moving on to debt, in September we retired $300 million of maturing 10-year senior notes using available cash on hand. As a result of the maturity, we finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.84 times which is down from our second quarter ratio of 1.95 times and but above our end of 2021 ratio of 1.69 times. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times. And we'll approach that number when appropriate. We continue to be pleased with the execution of our share repurchase program. And during the third quarter we repurchased one million shares at an average share price of $683.09 for a total investment of $710 million. Year-to-date through our press release yesterday, we repurchased 4.6 million shares at an average share price of $650.43, for a total investment of $3 billion. We remain very confident, that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected future discounted cash flows of our business. And we continue to view our buyback program, as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. Finally before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to again thank the entire O'Reilly team, for their commitment to our customers and our company. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Vanessa, the operator, to return to the line. And we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich: Hi. Thanks. Just to kick it off on the current trends into the quarter -- when you say that it's as strong as it was in the third quarter is that on a three-year view or year-over-year, or how are you measuring that?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah, Greg thanks for the question. I think really when we think about that it's versus our expectations as we kind of move through the year, and those factor and the comparisons were up against. So, we've just been in this unique environment where you really do have to look at kind of two-year, three-year performance. So what we'd say is its up kind of on that basis the nominal comps do move around just based upon the comparisons.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then, second, could you give us a little more color on inflation and average ticket size between, Pro and DIY. It seems like, they would be a little higher in DIY and a little less than Pro because of PPI, but any color there would be great.
Brad Beckham: Yeah, Greg, I think you're thinking about it the right way. We're seeing similar inflation benefits when we think about SKU level, year-over-year when you exclude the specific strategic moves that we've made on the professional side of our business. That's the largest driver of the strength that we've seen in average ticket. Average ticket always has other components to it as well. And we think on the professional side just because of the success of what we've seen in the Pro pricing initiative, we've we benefited from growing our average ticket beyond just price that we've seen. But -- so that's probably a little bit of a helper. But we continue to view both sides very favorably, given the ability to pass through cost increases really very effectively all year long.
Greg Melich: And then last is trade down. Have you seen anything through the box on either side of the business?
Greg Johnson: Greg, we really haven't seen anything material that stands out. We look at this very closely, both on a consolidated basis and category by category. And where we have seen movement, either up or down, it's really been more a result of supplier performance and inventory availability. Trading across brands of oil for example or up and down the value perspective for both our proprietary brands and national brands.
Greg Melich: Thats great. Thanks guys and good luck.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: We have our next question from Christopher Hoevers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So maybe following up on the question about cadence. So, it was the best month on a three-year basis. So basically, September is sort of an eight handle comp. And then as we look in the fourth quarter, we degrade that by a few hundred basis points for the inflation comparison and then you're basically some plus or minus around the consumer and the holidays and weather uncertainty versus accelerated pro pricing gains?
Greg Johnson: Yes. Yes, Chris. I think, you're thinking about this right. As we called out, we were pleased with our third quarter performance. We're pleased with quarter-to-date through October without a doubt. The challenge we have is the unknowns and the volatility. And frankly, the challenges that we may very well experienced in the back half of the quarter. When you look at fourth quarter, we always worry about weather, volatility you layer on the volatility in fuel prices, you layer beyond the weather just the uncertainty of the consumer and what they're going to do. And frankly, Chris, we just haven't seen an inflationary environment around the holidays in many, many years. And the holidays are always a wildcard in the fourth quarter as well. You layer on the inflation component. Those are all the reasons we're cautious in our outlook for the fourth quarter.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then maybe, gross margin and open up LIFO a little bit which everybody loves. So basically, as you go forward, your expectation is product acquisition costs, go lower, so there should be really no -- and you've lapped through all the LIFO headwind from last year or substantially. Maybe there's a little bit left in the fourth quarter. And so, then as you go forward, if you expect lower product acquisition costs getting into '23, does that mean that you could start to see actually some gross margin tailwinds on the product acquisition side?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Chris, I don't know that we really would view it that optimistically. We're always going to work with our supplier base to ensure that we're walking a lockstep with any relief from pressure that they've seen from an input cost perspective. A lot of what we've seen so far over the course of the last year plus, has been driven by several factors, including raw materials costs, wage rates, pressures, obviously from freight that our suppliers have seen in. And we're always going to work to be sure that we're realizing appropriate reductions in rolling back cost increases where we can. But we're pretty cautious in building any expectation that that's going to be a significant helper for us as we move forward. Obviously we'll see and we'll see that play out. We do feel very confident that to whatever degree that we do see any relief on the cost side that the industry will be able to maintain those selling prices. That's certainly our intent. We'll, obviously, see how that plays out as well, but some of these cost increases are probably around the stay.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then just one quick one Jeremy on the LIFO side, I mean, can you maybe give us some numbers in terms of how many basis points that was in the third quarter? I mean, we're around 120. And does that go down to really a de minimis amount in the fourth quarter?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yeah, Chris, I think the best way to look at that is just really what we called out positive good guys last year. We still have a headwind in the fourth quarter. It softens up a little bit. For us now, it's really more a function of as the cost environment moves around, how quickly and seem can you be sure to adjust prices. Sometimes we're out ahead. Other times we're just in line. But the more significant comparison headwinds for how we would have looked prior to when our LIFO credit foot back will largely be behind us after fourth quarter, a little bit less than fourth quarter and then first quarter and next year a little bit less than that.
Christopher Horvers: Great. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: We have our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Jeremy Fletcher: Good morning Bret.
Bret Jordan: Question around fill rates, I guess my usual. Are you guys back to where you'd like to be from an inventory standpoint versus pre-COVID? And I guess, how do you see your fill rates versus the broader market? Are the WDs and some of the other competitors in the space relatively in stock as well, or is that still helping your market share?
Greg Johnson: Brent, do you want to start that and then maybe Brad can talk about the competitive situation?
Brent Kirby: Yeah. Sure Bret, great question. Yeah, fill rates have improved sequentially from suppliers. We've got some suppliers that are really back to healthy fill rates. We've got a few that still are making sequential improvements but aren't fully back to where they were pre-COVID. I give our supply chain team a lot of credit for the work with our suppliers to make sure we've got the parts available that our customers need both DIY and professional. So we feel good with our availability position given the market backdrop that we're operating in. But yeah sequentially we're continuing to get better, but still a little work to do in some areas.
Bret Jordan: The another question on -- go ahead please.
Brad Beckham: Sorry, Bret. Just real quick I'll just back up what Brent said maybe from the Street and from the sales and store operations standpoint. Brent hit it pretty good. But we're basically -- we're pleased especially in some categories that we needed to get better we got better. We have a few that we still have some work to do, but really just from a competitive landscape Bret, we feel like our large competitors, they're great competitors that we always say we have tremendous respect for. They've done a good job. We hope we've done as good or better, but we are feeling like there's some share gains maybe against some of the smaller players for sure.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you. And then a question on the supplier cost or pricing side. I mean, obviously, the rates are hitting factoring expenses. Do you see a step-up in pricing again to offset that or some of the other expenses like shipping that have come down that offset that?
Brent Kirby: Yeah. I think Bret, maybe to add a little to Jeremy's color around that on the previous question, while we've seen costs certainly can't go up forever and we are seeing some of that begin to normalize with suppliers and in the market. But if you think about wage inflation is pretty much baked into some of the cost of goods now. Yeah, we've seen ocean rates go down some, but we've seen rail rates come up. We've seen some domestic lanes come up. So trend is still high elevated versus historicals and probably is going to remain that way. So to Jeremy's point earlier, we remain cautious there and we remain confident in our ability to be able to pass those increases on in the event we see any more of those.
Bret Jordan: I guess specifically around rates though, since most of the suppliers are saying they're going to ask for pricing to offset the factoring expense? Is that a near-term incremental inflation, or do you not see that necessarily the case?
Brad Beckham: Bret, there's a potential that it could work out that way. It's I think going to be determined a little bit by -- more broadly in the market where it hits. Those rates have more of a relative impact supplier to supplier than maybe some of the other things that go into the cost of providing the products that we buy in some won't have the same pressure that others may have. And so I think competitively you'll see some ability to push back on some of those. And in other instances they will flow through. We we're obviously active in those conversations and will work. There'll probably be some equilibrium that gets stuck at some point. But in the greener scheme of things, I think it is a part of how we think about acquisition costs. Some of the other things that Brent identified are obviously the bigger drivers. And we -- our views on that is that we do expect it to continue to stay around for a while.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Our next question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: Good morning, everyone. First topic is on pricing and inflation and maybe the outlook, trying to think about how you're thinking about the cadence, we're about to lap some heavier price increases or inflation from a year ago. Does it -- and I think based on the prior answer, it seems like we're not going to have any material step down in the rate of inflation. It feels like it's structural. And if it subsides it doesn't feel like there will be a shock where we lose five points. Is that a fair way to think about it? And then I have a follow-up.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Simeon I think that's fair. As we came into this year, just from a purely comparison standpoint, we had expected moderation really in the third quarter and fourth quarter from that year-over-year benefit. As we move through the year, we've had continued incremental cost increases we've passed them through. As you know, it's benefited our top line. I think that's been pretty rational. And because of that we end up with more of a positive for that than we would have expected. And we'll see where the rest of the year plays out I think versus where we would have thought at the beginning of the year that year-over-year pressure won't be as significant in the fourth quarter there's still some extent to where it's there. Moving forward, we'll see -- I think our caution is on an expectation that we're going to see dramatic rollbacks that match some level of the volume or magnitude that we've seen since really the middle of 2021. We don't anticipate that. Hopefully we'll work to get some of the cost improvements moved down. But from a pricing to the Street perspective, we would continue to expect that to be resilient to market to be rational and for that not to change.
Simeon Gutman: And maybe the follow-up thinking about gross margin this is directionally, obviously, not in magnitude. It does feel like and maybe some headwinds go away. I wouldn't jump to say there are tailwinds and I wanted to hear the reaction to it. Greg Johnson mentioned some of the pricing may hold industry has been rational. So, that in theory should be a good guide to the margin if pricing holds and there are some cost pullbacks. You're lapping PPI, it doesn't become an incremental headwind. And then to whatever extent freight and even some raw material costs moderate, that could be favorable for you. So, is it fair to say that some of the headwinds maybe go away they may not flip to tailwinds per se. I think you're being hesitant to acknowledge that but at least the removal of headwinds.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. The one thing maybe I would caution on that Simeon is as you think about those being headwinds, we've worked I think appropriately and aggressively to stay out in front of those pressures as we passed along in pricing really since the middle of last year. Our approach has always been from a pricing perspective to highly scrutinize anything we see from our suppliers to make sure that we're making them provide the right justification for taking -- for sending a cost increase through to us. And then often we've got some ability to hold off the impact of that through the course of the negotiations that we've had and not see it for a month or two. And then you couple that with really during the tail end of last year we also had some supply chain delays that push those costs back further. So, that's given us ample opportunity. We feel like to be sure that by the time we really see the impact of that we've already started to float those prices to the Street. So, I think for us they maybe have not created the same level of headwinds that because of just our approach in doing that that you might otherwise expect.
Greg Johnson: And Simeon one other thing maybe to add on that topic. As you think about growth in our proprietary brands and our offering across good better best in those brands we're able to further diversify that supplier base than we are a national supplier base. So that kind of speaks to some of the point Jeremy just made as well if you think about it that way.
Simeon Gutman: Yes, thanks guys. Good luck.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Simeon
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. One of the key debates on O'Reilly and the auto part retail sector more broadly is whether or not it can generate growth in 2023 in the absence of passing along all these price increases that have been the principal driver of growth up until now. So, A, do you think that there is elasticity within the category whereas the pricing pressure abates there will be elasticity of demand so volumes will improve? And B, even if the industry doesn't pick up and see elasticity next year can O'Reilly's share continue to grow at what seemed like an accelerating rate in the third quarter likely in response to a delayed reaction to the Pro pricing initiative that you implemented earlier this year?
Jeremy Fletcher: Michael, it's Jeremy. Thanks. There are a lot of questions within that question. So just maybe you want to take a little bit of a step back. We haven't  obviously, haven't guided to 2023 yet in  we're in a unique situation where there continue to be cost impact  cost inflation impacts, pricing inflation that are being passed through. I think what we would tell you is we'll see where that where that flattens out or what it does. I think for us, our expectation is if we see modest inflation or we see more elevated inflation that we will continue to be able to effectively pass that through to our customers. And that becomes very rational and relatively inelastic. So to whatever degree that we see that, any relief from that type of pressure. I don't know that we would say that we think it bounces back. For us from a broader perspective, we think that the automotive aftermarket is in just from an industry perspective in pretty good shape and have an expectation that the prospects for our industry in general grow and for all the things that Greg talked about within his prepared comments the vehicle fleet dynamics that miles driven I think continue to recover and be positive the incredible value proposition for consumers to invest in their existing vehicles. Those things we all feel like will be a positive and where that shakes out for the pieces of what drives the comp. We think that that's helpful. And then we continue to think that we have the ability to grow our share. That's always been our approach and we will aggressively pursue that.
Greg Johnson: Yes Michael, just to add to that, we remain very bullish on both the industry as a whole, as I said in my prepared comments and our ability to continue to take market share. I don't want anyone to think that our growth this year has been purely the result of inflation or price inflation. We feel very confident that we're taking market share on both sides of the business and we'll continue to do so into 2023.
Michael Lasser: And just a follow-up on that one, Greg. You're not going to quantify what you think the impact has been from the return on investment in the Pro pricing initiative. But could you qualify it to say that you think the impact was greater in the third quarter than it was in the second quarter? And is it reasonable, just given the lag that it might take for your commercial customers to recognize some of these pricing changes that the impact could grow in the fourth quarter and into the beginning of next year?
Greg Johnson: Yes Michael, I'll generally answer your question and then kick it across to Brad. He's obviously, living these professional pricing programs day in and day out and dealing with our competitors and out in the marketplace. We said from the very beginning that it was going to take time to gain traction that this was not as easy as flipping a switch and everybody realizes our pricing is better and all of a sudden miraculously our sales grow. We knew it was going to take time and I think it did compound in the third quarter and will continue to grow over a reasonable period of time. At some point it will stabilize. But we do expect to see continued benefit from that. Brad do you want to talk to any specifics or anything you've seen?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Michael, Greg said it pretty well. Really what we saw in our testing as we mentioned I think both after we rolled it out in the last quarter is we saw some immediate impact but we also saw a delayed impact. And to answer your question directly as Greg did, yes we do feel like there's a building effect for sure. Kind of what we see Michael, just maybe at the street level is, if you have a really big repair shop in a particular market that has bought from an independent maybe on the traditional side of the business for a couple of decades. And maybe we're second or third or fourth call even. Just because we lower our price to be a lot more competitive with that two-step independent competitor, that doesn't mean that they just start buying from us the day after we call on them. It means that what may happen, if we combine our pricing with the best team in town, the best service, the best availability and sense of urgency and everything that goes along with the relationship then what happens is, we may just move up the call list. We may move from fourth to third and third to second. And then, it can be a month later, it could be six months later, it could be a year later, if one of our independent competitors, for example, drops the ball, that could be the time that we moved from second to first. So, there's some immediate impact, but there's also that building effect.
Michael Lasser: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Mike.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist Securities.
Scot Ciccarelli: Thanks, guys. I guess I have a follow-up on Michael's question. Basically, it sounds like there's a -- let's call it almost a new store maturity curve that occurs with these pricing changes. Is that fair? I mean a typical store is going to kind of mature that Pro business over what a five, six kind of year time frame like -- are we talking about that kind of waterfall or is it something presumably much shorter than that?
Brad Beckham: Yes Scott, I think that's a hard comparison to try. The dynamics are just are just different. It's definitely a ramp. But I think the best way to guide you on that from our perspective, those are harder and gain. So they're incremental improvements that build over time, they're not huge level of stepped up. So to Brent's point, we think that that will continue to get a little bit better as we move through that. And then at some point, I think we'll have realized the benefit of it. But to try to make the same analogy, I think it's a little bit tough.
Greg Johnson: Yes Scot, I want to add to that. Let's keep in mind that pricing is only one component of market share growth and it's a smaller component than execution service level inventory availability and we continue to focus on those items as well to ensure market share growth. It's a lot more than just the pricing piece.
Scot Ciccarelli: So as you guys have gained share with some of those customers that maybe you weren't doing business with or as much business with. Are there any other changes outside of the pricing initiatives that we're all familiar with that you guys started to make where, maybe there was a reluctance on Riley's kind of game plan for one piece or another?
Jeremy Fletcher: No, Scot, I don't know that we pointed out any real fundamental differences to what we do. Brad talked about it earlier, the keys to success -- and it was in our prepared comments, the keys success on the professional side of our business, are helping our customer partners run a more profitable business. So the things that we do to be sure that we're the best partner with our customers are the same things we've talked about for a long time. I think for us, continuing to push inventory availability, the investments that Brad talked about in the script in terms of what we've added stores this year, continue improvements in supply chain. I think those have helped us reap some of the benefit too. But this is a blocking and tackling business.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Scot, the only thing I might add to that is, we've been able to get back to a lot of our in-person relationship type things with supplier customers. Our training programs are back fully in place. Some of the things that we haven't been able to do because of the pandemic, we're back to doing day-in and day-out. That's probably helped from a relationship and strengthening perspective.
Brad Beckham: Yes, Scott, this is Brad. I just want to real quick add nothing new, Jeremy said it best, blocking and tackling. We work in a simple business. It's not easy, but it's simple. And really, we had our regional managers from the field into Springfield last month. And our focus was on our fundamental execution. That didn't start in that meeting. But really all year, our battle cry from our EVP of Stores Doug Bragg has been, we're going to get out of the COVID funk and not accept where we may have high turnover in stores, high team member turnover, high store manager turnover, that's just not acceptable with the way we built our business, getting out seeing more customers, not having that excuse that unfortunately we made for ourselves the last couple of years, that we're just getting back to the execution that built our company and making sure that we don't have that hangover from COVID and everything we do.
Scot Ciccarelli: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Vanessa. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in the third quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year results in February. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the OReilly Automotive, Inc. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Cheryl, and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jeremy Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher, you may begin.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thank you, Cheryl. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During todays conference call, we will discuss our second quarter 2022 results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The companys actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the companys latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the OReilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brad Beckham, our Chief Operating Officer; and Jeremy Fletcher, our Chief Financial Officer; Brent Kirby, our Chief Supply Chain Officer; Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David OReilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. Id also like to welcome Jeremy to his first earnings call. Id like to begin our call today by thanking Team OReilly for their continued dedication to our customers and their hard work that drove another solid quarter of financial performance. Hopefully, everyone had a chance to review the details in our second quarter earnings release. During the call today, I will walk through the performance in the quarter and our adjusted outlook for the remainder of the year. I think its important to begin by highlighting the strong results our team continues to generate and then put them into proper context against the backdrop of the incredible growth weve delivered in the past three years. In the second quarter, our team was able to generate a 4.3% comparable store sales increase after driving comp increases of 9.9% and 16.2% in the second quarters of 2021 and 2020, respectively, resulting in an incredible three-year stack of 30.4%. Entering 2022, we knew our team had a daunting task ahead of them, with the challenge to deliver continued growth on top of these outstanding results, which were fueled by  which were fueled in part by government stimulus payments in 2020 and 2021 that did not repeat in 2022. Our teams have set an incredibly high performance bar and their ability to comp the comp yet again is a testament to their relentless focus on providing excellent customer service. Team OReilly has continued to translate to robust sales growth into outstanding returns for our shareholders, highlighted by second quarter diluted earnings per share of $8.78, which is an increase of 5% over our extremely strong second quarter 2021 and when we grew EPS by 17%. On a compounded basis, compared to 2019, our second quarter EPS is up an impressive 25% per year, which is just another testament to the unwavering commitment of our team to growing profitable growth through their dedication to the OReilly culture of excellent customer service. Next, Id like to spend time walking through some details of our sales performance for the second quarter and the factors that drove our results as well as provide some color on our revised comparable store sales guidance for the full year. As we discussed on our first quarter earnings call in April, we began the second quarter facing headwinds from a delayed start to spring and rising fuel prices. Were also lapping our historically strong comparable store sales performance, driven in part by the tailwinds we saw from government stimulus payments in 2021. However, as we move through the quarter, the volatility from these factors moderated and our business stabilized. Since the past few years have been so significantly impacted by these effects  the effects of the pandemic and timing of the stimulus payments, we think is most useful to evaluate the cadence of our comp results on a three-year stack basis. On this basis, our month-to-month results were fairly steady throughout the quarter. As our business stabilized in the second quarter, we encountered more pronounced ticket count pressures on the DIY side of our business, resulting in top line results below our expectations for the quarter. Our plan for the second quarter included an expected headwind to DIY ticket counts as we were up against extremely strong growth from the comparison to stimulus-driven demand at the beginning of the second quarter of 2021. However, we saw more pressure than expected as our DIY customers faced high fuel prices and continued significant broad-based inflation. Ill spend some time in a few moments discussing our broader outlook for the industry and our business as we move forward, but for now, Ill point out that its not completely surprising to us to have experienced these types of pressures. Many of our core DIY customers work on their own vehicles side of economic necessity and can be more susceptible to price inflation in short periods of time. We believe what were seeing now is comparable to other periods in our history when our customers have gone through these types of fuel price spikes. The current environment is different to the degree that the spike in fuel prices is occurring at the same time, broad-based inflation is elevated, but we expect consumers will adjust to these pressures as weve seen in the past and continue to prioritize vehicle repair and maintenance. From a total DIY comp perspective, we did see an inflation benefit in average ticket values, but the macroeconomic pressures to ticket counts and difficult comparison resulted in total DIY and comparable store sales being slightly negative for the quarter. Turning to the professional side of our business. Were very pleased with our teams performance in the second quarter, where we generated comparable store sales growth in the low double-digits as a result of growth of both ticket counts and average ticket size. We continue to be excited about the strength of our professional customer business as we grow our share and consolidate the industry. As we discussed on the last two calls, we anticipated this side of our business will be a larger driver of our growth in 2022 and our results in the second quarter were in line with those expectations. We continue to be pleased with the early returns from our professional pricing initiative, and Brad will cover our professional customer momentum and this initiative in more detail in his prepared comments. On a combined basis, including both DIY and professional sales, our comparable store sales growth for the quarter was driven by strength in average ticket with professional ticket count growth only partially offsetting pressure we saw in DIY traffic. Average ticket size came in around 10% for the quarter on both sides of our business due to a benefit from same SKU inflation at similar levels. We have continued to be highly successful in passing through product acquisition and operating expense inflation and selling price increases as we move through 2022, which is a benefit to average ticket values. Beginning in the third quarter, we began to anniversary the onset of higher inflation in 2021, which will moderate the year-over-year increase in average ticket value and is factored into our full year sales expectation. Now, Id like to provide some color on how we view the conditions of our industry and our outlook on the remainder of the year. As we move through the back half of 2022, it remains a challenge to predict where we will encounter in a rapidly changing macroeconomic environment. Certainly, if we could look in the rearview mirror at the beginning of the year and build our expectations based on inflation we havent seen in decades and a global conflict accelerating growth in fuel prices, we would have landed a different spot with our initial guidance. Despite these headwinds, were pleased with our performance against this challenging macro backdrop and we remain very confident in both the fundamental strength of our industry and the quality of our team and their proven ability to outperform the market and gain share. While we believe were seeing some short-term impact to demand as consumers respond to economic challenges, were also confident our industry benefits from the reality that very little of the demand in the automotive aftermarket is truly discretionary and the necessary maintenance and repairs can only be deferred for so long. In fact, as economic conditions worsen, our experience has been that our industry provides even more critical  Im sorry. In fact, as economic conditions worsen, our experience has been that the value our industry provides is even more critical to consumers facing economic challenges. This plays out in many different ways. We see it and when one of our customers is able to hold off on a new car purchase and avoid a monthly expense because theyre able to invest through repairs and maintenance on a higher mileage vehicle. Or when we help a DIY customer stretch their wallet a little further by providing incredible service from one of our professional parts people who have technical knowledge and customer service skills to support the customer who needs a DIY fixed to keep their vehicle on the road. These are just two of the many scenarios, which motivate our customers to prioritize taking care of their vehicles when money is tight or consumers have less confidence in the state of the economy. The core underlying factors that support demand in our industry also continue to be very healthy. The average age of vehicles on the road continues to increase, aided not only by headwinds to new vehicle sales and knowledge and higher resale values  Im sorry, of older vehicles, but also the excellent engineering and manufacturing vehicles on the road today. We are also bullish on the overall health of our customer base. Unemployment has remained at very low levels and increasing wage rates have been a positive partial offset to inflation, especially for the more economically constrained DIY customer base. We believe consumers are in a much stronger position than in recent periods of economic uncertainty. As we have discussed often in the past, miles driven is a critical metric for our industry, and we are cognizant that the potential for miles driven growth could slow if the broader economy slows. As a buffer against this pressure, we believe industry benefits from dynamics that will support miles-driven growth over the long term, as we still see the potential in incremental miles from post-pandemic return to work, coupled with consumers willingness to move further away from urban centers and utilize their vehicles to satisfy pent-up demand for personal travel. Finally, while miles driven is an important factor for our industry, we have proven that during previous periods when miles driven have flattened that we have the ability as a company to drive top line growth as consumers prioritize the care and maintenance of their vehicles. The broader outlook for our industry is important in how we think about the prospects for future growth, but far more important is the opportunity we have to outperform the industry to drive outstanding financial results. We have the best team of professional parts people in the industry, and we are very confident we are well positioned to deliver excellent customer service and increase our market share in any market condition. While we remain very positive on the prospects of our industry and our business, we are also cautious in our assessment of the pressures from high fuel prices and broad-based inflation that impacted our second quarter performance and the potential for continued pressure as we move through the balance of 2022. As a result, we have incorporated our year-to-date performance and expectations for the remainder of the year and our updated comparable sales guidance range of 3% to 5%. Ultimately, well have to see how the rest of the year plays out, and we continue to be encouraged by the resilience of our business, but feel the prudent step is to adjust our expectations at this time. At the midpoint, our revised comparable store sales guidance range reflects solid growth over 2021 and a three-year stack increase of 28%, and we still view this as a very favorable outlook reflecting our ability to outperform the market and gain share. Before I move on from sales, Ill note that we are pleased with our performance thus far in July. Weve seen some improvement in July sales volume trends relative to our expectations, partially driven by the extreme heat were seeing across many of our markets right now. We still have a lot of summer remaining, and ultimately, well have to see how the weather plays out for the rest of the year. As such, our guidance forecast assumes a normal weather backdrop for the remainder of the year, in line with our customary practice. Moving on to gross margin. For the second quarter, our gross margin of 51.3% was a 136 basis point decrease from the second quarter of 2021 gross margin. This is in line with our expectations with a couple of key points I want to highlight. Our year-over-year gross margin is impacted primarily by the rollout of our professional pricing initiative as well as pressures from a reduced LIFO benefit and higher mix of professional business. As we discussed on last quarters call, we rolled out our initiative in February and only saw a partial impact to gross margin rate in that quarter. Our second quarter gross margin reflects a full quarter impact from the initiative and is in line with our expectations. We are maintaining our full year gross margin range of 50.8% to 51.3% with the expectation that gross margin in the back half of the year as compared to 2021 will be slightly below where we have run year-to-date based upon mix differences and timing of the reduced LIFO benefit. Before handing the call off to Brad, I want to update our full year diluted earnings per share expectations. Based on the adjustment to our comparable store sales guidance, we are lowering our full year earnings per share guidance to $31.25 and to $31.75. At the midpoint, this represents  this range now represents an increase of 1% compared to 2021 and a three-year compounded annual growth rate of 21%. To wrap up my comments, I want to again thank Team OReilly for their continued dedication to consistently providing excellent customer service. Its your commitment to our culture, fellow team members and customers that drives our success. Ill now turn the call over to Brad Beckham. Brad?
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin my comments today by thanking Team OReilly for their continued dedication to our companys success and their steadfast commitment to excellent customer service. Since Greg has already discussed our sales results and how we view the current industry environment, I dont want to spend a lot of time repeating what he said. However, I do want to highlight our companys philosophy for how we execute our business model in more challenging macroeconomic conditions. Simply put, we never accept external market pressures as an excuse for falling short of our goals. A guiding philosophy in our company, especially in our store operations group from our store manager up through the chain to Senior Vice Presidents states that as long as there are customer vehicles in the parking lot of our competitors or there are competitors delivering to our professional customers in our markets, we havent captured all the business we are entitled to. And we are missing out on an opportunity to grow sales. We believe our commitment to never settling for subpar performance is a key to our success and also served us well in the second quarter. While pressures to our DIY customers from spikes in fuel prices and persistent high inflation, weighed down the top line sales growth we were expecting to see, we are still pleased with our teams ability to drive solid, positive sales increases on top of two consecutive years of record growth for our company. More importantly, we remain excited about the opportunities we see to grow our business as we move forward. Im sure not an expert in predicting what the rest of the year will hold for the U.S. economy, but I am highly confident that even challenging market conditions can present an opportunity for us to capitalize on our competitive advantages, our focus on maintaining an extremely high standard of customer service in any market environment allows us to build long-term relationships, ultimately reinforcing our industry-leading position. Now, I would like to provide some color on our professional sales performance in the quarter as well as review what were seeing from our professional pricing initiative. As Greg mentioned in his prepared remarks, our professional business was the driver of our comparable store sales growth with a double-digit increase in line with our expectations for the quarter. Before I provide an update on our progress with our professional pricing initiative, I think its important to first focus on the key factors that drive our professional sales growth. Our companys foundation was largely built on the professional customer, and we have proven decade after decade that the most important drivers of our success on the professional side of the business are also our competitive advantages in strong customer relationships, excellent customer service and superior inventory availability. For our professional customer base, the efficient and reliable service they received from their parts supplier is the most important factor in driving the economic success of their business. We strongly believe that professional business can only be won by consistently delivering a high level of customer service, and this was the primary reason we were able to deliver robust comps in the second quarter. We also believe what were seeing in professional comps is consistent with the long-term demographic industry trend of faster professional growth as well as the stronger economic resilience of the end-user do-it-for-me customer on this side of our business. However, our professional customers arent completely insulated from the economic pressures of high fuel prices and inflation that are impacting our DIY business. We believe our ability to post significant professional sales growth in this environment against extremely difficult comparisons reflects the momentum were generating through our professional pricing initiative, though its only one piece of our value proposition. We are very pleased with the response weve seen from our store teams and our sales force as well as our existing and new prospective customers. Our store and sales teams have been energized as theyve leveraged this initiative as another tool in their toolbox to win professional business. It truly is a combination of strong customer relationships, excellent customer service and industry-leading inventory availability, coupled with our more competitive pricing, which drives the superior value proposition we provide to our professional customers. Simply put, the best overall value in the aftermarket has gotten even better. Since the professional business is driven primarily by strong customer relationships, exceptional customer service and inventory availability, it is difficult for us to parse the direct impact of our pricing initiative now that it has been rolled out across our company for several months. However, we believe the results we are seeing line up favorably with the expectations we developed in our thorough testing process leading up to launching this initiative. We are excited about the immediate positive results weve seen, but I want to caution everyone that we are still in the early innings of this initiative. Our pricing actions are clearly removing some barriers, which had previously existed. However, business is ultimately won with consistent execution after being given a chance to earn new business. These new opportunities dont necessarily open up instantly and we expect that we will have to grind out gains over time, which is no different than how weve executed our playbook for 65 years and in turn, established our company as the premier supplier to the professional market. Finally, before I move on, I want to reiterate that the execution of our professional pricing initiative hasnt changed the broader pricing dynamic in our industry. We have not seen significant competitive pricing actions in response to our initiative. And as Greg mentioned, we continue as a company and industry to rationally pass along inflation in pricing. Now, Id like to discuss our SG&A and operating profit results for the second quarter and our updated expectations for the full year. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 29.6%, a leverage of 15 basis points from the second quarter of 2021. At this level, SG&A is down over 400 basis points from pre-pandemic levels in the second quarter of 2019. This incredible step change in our profitability is a testament to our teams commitment to grow sales, exercise diligent expense control, improved productivity, and drive long-term value. On an average per-store basis, our SG&A grew 2.5%, which was largely in line with our expectations for the quarter. On a full year basis, we are revising our guidance for SG&A per store to grow 3%, up from our previous guidance of 2.5%. Our teams have been diligent in managing costs to mitigate the impact of inflation thus far this year with our overall spend largely in line with our expectations, but the prolonged and heightened inflation were experiencing, especially in fuel and energy costs has driven up our forecast for the remainder of the year. Wage rates have also been in line with our expectations year-to-date. But I could  but we could also see pressure in the back half of the year if we see further sustained inflation. We are also updating our operating profit guidance and now expect the full year to be in the range of 20% to 20.3%, which reflects the adjustment to SG&A per store in our revised comparable store sales range. As we look to the back half of the year and plan SG&A, we will be appropriately responsive to the changing business trends and sales opportunities and well make prudent adjustments to staffing levels to provide excellent customer service and grow our business, while at the same time, controlling our expenses. As weve discussed on multiple occasions over the years, we are very deliberate in how we manage our SG&A spend and leverage a variety of tools to manage store payroll on a store-by-store, day-by-day basis. We believe sudden dramatic changes in store staffing levels have a noticeable negative impact on customer service. And as a result, we manage adjustments gradually over time to match the sales environment in conjunction with the normal seasonality of our business. As always, our top priority in managing expenses is to ensure consistent, excellent customer service that is critical to building long-lasting relationships with both our DIY and professional customers. We strongly believe this long-term view of never sacrificing excellent customer service has been a key factor in our success and was the foundation that drove the incredible gains in profitability that our team has generated over the last several years. Next, turning to inventory. We finished the second quarter with an average inventory per store of $679,000, which was up 7% from both the beginning of 2022 and this time, last year. Parts availability is a key driver of our success in our business, and we continue to execute our plan to aggressively add incremental dollars to our store level inventories as we move throughout 2022. While we still face constraints in certain areas of our supply chain, we are very optimistic we will see continued improvement as we move through the back half of the year and still expect our per store inventory to be up over 8% by year-end. Our investments in inventory and daily execution both continue to be focused first and foremost on our replenishment and fill rates. Then on having the right combination of common as well as hard-to-find parts in every one of our stores that is tailored to that specific market, then backed up by our dynamic multi-tier hub and distribution center network. Our extensive industry-leading network powers our best-in-class parts availability and equips us to be the dominant auto parts supplier in all our market areas. We feel strongly that these investments in inventory as well as enhanced supply chain capabilities will continue to be a critical part of our success, on both sides of the business and in turn, provide long-term share gains as well as returns. Before turning the call over to Jeremy, Ill provide an update on our store growth during the second quarter. We opened 62 new stores across 28 states in the U.S., bringing our year-to-date total to 116 net new store openings. We are on pace to hit our plan of 175 to 185 net new store openings for the year. We continue to be pleased with our performance of our new stores, and I am very proud of the outstanding teams of professional parts people we have in each of our new stores. To close my comments, I want to once again thank Team OReilly for their continued dedication to our customers. Our teams are committed to winning our customers business each day by outhustling and out servicing our competition, and I am confident in their ability to deliver a strong finish to 2022. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Brad. I would also like to add my thanks to all of Team OReilly for their continued dedication to our companys long-term success. Now, we will cover some additional details on our quarterly results and updated guidance for the remainder of 2022. For the quarter, sales increased $205 million comprised of a $145 million increase in comp store sales, a $56 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $5 million increase in non-comp, non-store sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2022, we now expect our total revenues to be $14.0 billion to $14.3 billion, which is a reduction from our previous range of $14.2 billion to $14.5 billion as a result of our revised comparable store sales guidance range. Greg covered our gross margin performance for the second quarter and reiterated our full year guidance, but I want to briefly recap that we are not expecting a significant LIFO benefit to our gross margin results in 2022 as a result of more typical LIFO accounting after our reserve returned to a credit balance in 2021. Our year-to-date results were in line with those expectations and our outlook on this item for the year is unchanged. Our second quarter effective tax rate was 23.8% of pretax income comprised of a base rate of 24.3%, reduced by a 0.5% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the second quarter of 2021 rate of 23.1% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.5%, reduced by a 1.4% benefit for share-based compensation. The second quarter of 2022 base rate was in line with our expectations. For the full year 2022, we now expect an effective tax rate of 23.0% comprised of a base rate of 23.5% reduced by a benefit of 0.5% per share-based compensation. Our expected tax rate is down slightly from our previous guidance of 23.2% due to anticipated benefits from renewable energy tax credits, and we continue to expect the fourth quarter rate to be lower than the other three quarters as a result of the timing of these benefits and tolling of certain tax periods. Also, variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now, we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the first six months of 2022 was $1.2 billion versus $1.5 billion for the first six months of 2021 with the decrease driven by a smaller benefit from a reduction in net inventory investment in 2022 versus 2021, and differences in accrued compensation. Capital expenditures for the first six months of 2022 were $229 million, which was in line with the same period of 2021. We continue to expect CapEx to come in between $650 million to $750 million for the full year with the balance of the spend for the remainder of the year supporting new store and DC development initiatives to enhance the image appearance and convenience of our stores, DC and store fleet upgrades and strategic investments in information technology projects. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the second quarter was 131%, which once again has set an all-time high for our company and was heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns over the last 12 months. We anticipate our AP to inventory ratio to moderate off of this historic high as we complete our additional inventory investments. Based on the anticipated moderation in this ratio and a heavier spend on CapEx for the second half of the year, we are keeping our expected full year free cash flow guidance unchanged at a rate of $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion after generating $1.2 billion in the first half of 2022. Moving on to debt. In June, we were pleased to execute a very successful debt transaction with the issuance of $850 million of 10-year senior notes at a rate of 4.7%. As a result of the bond issuance, we finished the second quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.95 times as compared to our end of 2021 ratio of 1.69 times. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times, and we will approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program. And during the second quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares at an average share price of $620.27. For a total investment of $1.4 billion. Year-to-date through our press release yesterday, we repurchased 3.8 million shares at an average share price of $637.47 for a total investment of $2.4 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected future discounted cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. Finally, before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to thank the entire OReilly team for their continued dedication to the companys long-term success. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Cheryl the operator, to return to the line, and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question goes to Michael Lasser with UBS. Your line is now open.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. The auto parts industry has experienced a significant benefit from same-SKU inflation over the last several quarters, now thats starting to moderate. Is your expectation that as the contribution from same-SKU inflation moderates, that there will be a corresponding increase in the number of transactions to drive steady growth for the overall sector?
Greg Johnson: Jeremy, you want to take that?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, I can maybe answer that first, Michael. I think when we think about the same-SKU dynamics as we move into the back half of the year; were not going to necessarily see a reversal of some of that inflation. I think the year-over-year benefit as we see that in the balance of the year, will moderate, as youve mentioned, and weve built that into our plan expectations. I think from a traffic perspective, since we wont see the actual rate of pricing reverse necessarily and certainly, we wouldnt want to give back anything on pricing, I dont know that thats going to be a dynamic that changes the ticket dynamics within our industry. I think for us, specifically, as weve thought about how the back half of the year lays out, we understand on a one year basis that, that well see some pressure as average ticket moderates, but still continue to be very optimistic about continuing traction well see on our professional pricing initiative. And then also, just more broadly, I feel like our industry performs very well in environments where consumers are pressured and that well see support to overall demand, but not necessarily an offsetting pickup to the point that you mentioned. I think on top of that, were cautious as to how the rest of the year will play out from a macroeconomic perspective. And I think that comes into play here as well.
Michael Lasser: My follow-up question is, at the midpoint of your guidance for the back half of the year, have you assumed that the DIY business is going to turn positive? And have you already started to see that in response to the recent decline in gasoline prices? Thank you.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Michael. I mean our assumption all along has been that our DIFM business would perform stronger than our DIY business. And we dont see that changing. In the back half of the year, our expectations remain that DIFM will outperform DIY. Will DIY improve in the back half of the year? Its really yet to be seen. It really depends on what happens in the macro, how quickly that turns around. Fuel price is a contributor, but its one of many contributors. Weve historically talked a lot about fuel prices and the impact. This year, weve got a more significant inflationary impact across all of retail on top of fuel prices. So again, as Jeremy said, we remain pretty cautious on our outlook but remain very optimistic on the industry as a whole.
Michael Lasser: Thank you very much. Good luck.
Greg Johnson: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Baker from Davidson. Your line is now open.
Michael Baker: Hi, thanks. So one question and one follow-up. You said July is better versus expectations. Can you tell us if its better  and really, Im talking about it on a one-year comp basis, is it better than the second quarter? Or if you dont want to answer it that way, maybe tell us what your expectation was for July. Did you expect July to be better or worse than the second quarter? Thanks.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I guess maybe I just want to clarify, I think our improvement really reflects how we were trending as we finished the second quarter, and we do think weve seen business pick up a little bit there. Its a short period of time. And we tend not to be overinfluenced by what we see, particularly as weve seen a lot of hot weather, and we think that, thats a positive benefit to us. Beyond that, we feel good about the overall level of what our business is seeing, and we really saw that stabilize as we move through the second quarter and got past some of the stimulus challenges early in the quarter that we saw. What weve seen is it said a little bit lower than we had expected, but that has kind of continued. We think thats an appropriate way of thinking about as we move into the back half of the year. Encouraged by July, certainly, but also cognizant that as we move through the rest of the year, weather can normalize a little bit, and were not going to overreact a few weeks.
Michael Baker: Fair enough. The follow-up is a follow-up to your answer to Mike Lassers question. You said you certainly expect to hold on to price. So does that imply that if inflation does start to moderate, you should see a little bit of a gross margin benefit in the back half?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Certainly, within our industry, we  and within our history, we want to hang on to price increases that weve passed through. We think that to the extent that we see moderation in price levels or we start to see some reversals and the question around tariffs has come up. We would expect to maintain pricing at our current levels and would hope to benefit from the reduction in acquisition costs. That  I think thats largely in line with how our business operates with price being a secondary or third factor for the value that we provide to our customers and being able to drive continued strong performance off of excellent customer service and making sure that weve got the part that our customers need when they need it. I think that allows us to put it in a position where we wouldnt have to see a reduction. Ultimately, well see how that plays out within the industry as we move through the balance of the year. But it would certainly be our intent to maintain pricing levels and see a benefit from that.
Michael Baker: And that doesnt seem  that potential gross margin benefit doesnt seem to be in your back half guidance. Correct me if Im wrong on that.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. We havent forecasted a deflation in pricing in how weve thought about where well go for the rest of the year.
Michael Baker: Fair enough. Thank you.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Simeon Gutman: Hey good morning everyone. I wanted to ask around  I guess, you talked about tickets being down. And I guess, I dont know if they are in DIFM, but it sounds like in DIY. This is, I guess, hard to parse, but can you try to talk to how much units or tickets are down because prices are higher versus how much might be reversion or digestion from the last couple of years?
Greg Johnson: Yes. Simeon, good question. Its really hard to break that out. That almost becomes an opinion. What I would tell you is, I think its more an impact of the inflationary environment. The negative ticket count was on the DIY side of our business. And as weve said, that consumer is a little more pressured right now with higher fuel prices and the overall inflationary environment. And we think its more of just a cash flow issue for that lower income consumer than maybe margins or any of that.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. Thats fair. And maybe the follow-up is connected. Does it feel like because you have visibility into units or tickets? Does it feel like if there is any digestion from post stimulus and post what consumers were spending on during the COVID period, that this represents the rebasing? This is the new baseline, and then we move into 2023 and we could see the business look or act a little bit more normal. I get theres a lot of moving pieces with price, but at least from a unit perspective or ticket, this puts in the floor?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, Simeon, I think you youre right in saying that there are a lot of moving pieces, and it can be a little bit challenging to get a read through, particularly as weve seen stimulus in some of the comparative periods that have kind of pushed demand around it. And we know as we entered this year, we faced some volatility just as weather and timing has impacted us. I think where we sit today; we probably characterize this as a more normalized broader period around what we would expect for current economic conditions. I dont know what time will tell moving forward, but as we think about just the overall makeup of our business, we certainly dont view it as having still significant drivers that are things that are out of what we would have expected as we move through the pandemic and we sit where we are today.
Simeon Gutman: Okay, thanks guys. Good luck for the rest of the year.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Thank you. Good morning everyone. So can you speak to what you guys are seeing on a geographic basis? I think your [indiscernible] previously geographically for most of the last two years. But I think were starting to hear about widening performance differences market to market over the last two quarters. If you can help clarify that, that would be helpful.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Scot, you were breaking up a little bit, but we kind of gathered the geographic performance component of the question. Brad, do you want to take a shot at that?
Brad Beckham: Yes, sure. Hi, good morning Scott. Yes, really similar to last quarter, we were very pleased  the consistency of our business on both sides of the business, we looked across our regions and divisions. Lot of consistency, not a lot of differences from a geography standpoint. The one that we would call out, Scot, that is a little bit of a tough line to draw, but we did see a little bit of softness on the West Coast, specifically Northern California, even Pacific Northwest, Washington State that we would probably draw a line to some of the fuel prices out there, but that was a very minor difference in the way the rest of the company performed. So a little bit there, but other than that, very consistent.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Thank you. And then just a quick one. Have you guys seen much of a shift towards private label, just in terms of the whole trade down potential concept?
Greg Johnson: Scot, weve seen  over the past several years, weve seen more and more volume shift to private label. I think theres a little less brand loyalty than there once was. And throughout the pandemic and supply chain issues, frankly, theres definitely not as much brand loyalty. I think consumers are buying products you have not necessarily getting the products they want every time. But our private label program is about 50% of our volume today overall. And in the hard parts category, its between 60% and 65%. So it continues to grow as a percentage of our overall sales.
Brad Beckham: Scot, this is Brad. I would just add on that, Scot, that when you think about private label, we dont necessarily think of that as being a trade down. We want you to keep in mind that our exclusive national brands, while we have entry points, we have an equal amount of better and best when it comes to our private label. Good examples would be our import direct program, precision chassis, things like that. So I just want you to keep in mind that when we talk about private label, were also talking about exclusive national brands is a premium product.
Scot Ciccarelli: Thanks a lot guys.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Zack Fadem from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Zack Fadem: Hey good morning. So following up on the average ticket question. I believe you said it was up 10%. And the question is whether this implies units were down 6% or if there are other factors at play like mix?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. We saw pressure to units, primarily on the DIY side of our business. There are mix dynamics that play into what weve seen. And when we think about our professional business, specifically, continue to be encouraged by the progress weve made there, where our comp was driven by both average ticket growth, but also growth in tickets. And really, I think on that side of the business, the split between that average ticket count can depend on being able to add more things to the shop order, when you send it out the door. So we feel a positive there. We think that weve had the ability to continue to drive incremental business and incremental share relative to where the market is at. But we are pressured on the DIY side business. I expected that we would be as we came into the quarter with some of the stimulus compares ended up a little bit softer there than we anticipate because of the  some of the macroeconomic pressures we have spoken to.
Zack Fadem: Got it. And then on your gross margin outlook. It looks like on an ex LIFO basis, gross margin has been tracking at about 51.5% in the first half of the year, assuming my math is right. And it looks like youre guiding the second half about 100 basis points lower. And Im just trying to understand that the moving parts. How much of this is incremental pricing versus Q2? And any other factors that we should consider on the input cost side.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I can take that one, Zack. The sequential first half to back half can be a little bit challenging because we do have different seasonality dynamics that come into play. So maybe to directly answer a few points to the question, were not anticipating incremental price investments on the professional side of our business. We expect that what weve done there is the full amount of what our plan was and that we would continue to maintain those levels. And that in and of its up doesnt create incremental pressure other than youll have two full quarters of the impact versus first quarter being like. Beyond that, when we think about the back half of the year, we do have different mix dynamics from a seasonality perspective that we think will impact the gross margin rate some. But as we think about it on a more normalized basis, year-over-year, the pressures that well see are because of some of the LIFO comparison because of some of mix. But the rest of what we would anticipate is  would have been incorporated in how we thought about or planned for the year just given those mix differences. The prior year comparable is going to be a little bit tough because we have had some LIFO impacts that have caused some of that normal cadence of the year to change for us. But really, thats in line with what we would have thought when we came into the year.
Zack Fadem: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Zack.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Chris Horvers: Thanks, good morning. So my first question is a follow-up on the top line outlook in the back half of the year. On the pro pricing initiative, you had baked in some share gains in the back half and the original guidance causing some trend acceleration in the overall comp in the back half despite lapping inflation. In the updated guide, did you take that out given your heightened caution in the macro and that was part of the back half revision?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. Chris, I would tell you, as we thought about how our expectations would have changed in the back half, it was really geared around what we said in the script and in the press release around the pressures were seeing on the DIY side of our business from a ticket perspective. And even as weve  weve talked about our full year expectations this year. Weve been cognizant of continued pressure that we could see there, and thats really the change that we see. As Brad mentioned in his prepared comments, were still early stages on our professional pricing initiative. We still have gains that we think that we can make there, and we have built in incremental improvements as we move through the year. But theres nothing in our initial indications that have changed our outlook and perspective on that for the balance of the year. And theres a lot of excitement, I think, on not just how professional play out for the balance of the year, but as we move past this year, what that will look like.
Chris Horvers: Thank you. Thats very helpful. And on two follow-ups. First, can you lay out what the LIFO headwind was and if anything changed in the back half of the year in the second quarter? And then secondly, you bought back a lot of stock in the second quarter. The cash balance has come down quite a bit, but youre also sitting below your long-term leverage target. So how do you think about deployment of capital and use of the balance sheet in the back half of the year to help sort of the earnings and capital return to shareholders?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, absolutely. I can take those, Chris. From a LIFO perspective, our LIFO was neutral in the second quarter, and thats where we expect will be for the full year. So really, our headwind is what we would have talked about as a positive last year as we move through the year. From a repurchase perspective, we continue to feel like we utilize our repurchase program as an effective means of returning capital to our shareholders. And I think for us, over the course of time, it has been successful really because its been driven by our ability to be both consistent and drive repurchases really month in, month out because of the consistent nature of our cash flows. But then also when we have opportunities to be opportunistic at times. And I think you probably saw some of that in the first half of the year. That philosophy hasnt changed. Well prioritize our capital for reinvestment in our business because we like those returns to the best. But when we have an opportunity, well execute our buyback program with that same philosophy.
Chris Horvers: Thanks very much. Best of luck.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Brian Nagel: Hi good morning.
Greg Johnson: Good morning.
Brian Nagel: Question I want to ask, just with regard to the commentary around inflation. So you and other  a number of other retailers now are saying the same thing. Theres this view that broad-based inflationary pressures are weighing upon your sales. So I guess the question I have is as you think about that and this dynamic taking hold, at the same time, OReilly has been very good at sort of say, strategically passing along higher costs. So as you look at that DIY  I guess the question Im working towards, as you look at the DIY category, recognizing this broader-based inflation is now impacting your business. Is there a thought to maybe adjusting pricing or even rethinking the inflation within OReilly stores to help stimulate that business?
Greg Johnson: No. No, Brian. We havent considered that. Obviously, that would just create a race to the bottom in retail, which is not something we want. We feel like were competitively priced for our DIY and our DIFM customers. We commented on the DIFM price adjustments. And while were constantly monitoring and adjusting prices on both sides of our business, that one really philosophy change that we made earlier in the year was a onetime event on the DIFM side, and we have not had any consideration of making any type of mass change to the DIY side or retail side of our pricing.
Jeremy Fletcher: And maybe the only thing I would add to that, Brian, is as we think about how well be impacted by or are being impacted by what consumers are seeing, even though we think were seeing some pressure, its not as significant as where other areas have retailed well see it. And I think our customer responds differently to it over the course of time. We view a lot of these the shocks [ph] as transitory because ultimately, consumers dont need their vehicles, they need to stay on the road, but there is a real value proposition in being able to maintain an older vehicle and invest in it. So I think some of what we see on our business is its less impacted and its probably shorter term in nature. And as a result of that, theres that nature of the demand doesnt really make it something that we can move around by moving prices, and thats why our industry has been as rational as weve seen it.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Brian, keep in mind that we operate in an industry thats mostly nondiscretionary. And its not a situation where if you lower the price on the category, the consumer is going to buy more of it. Thats typically not the way it works. Its  the customer buys products from us because they have a problem and that purchase solves the problem in most cases in our environment.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Thats  thats very helpful. And then a follow-up to that. So look, I mean, what we  I think whats happening right now, to some extent is unprecedented out there. But weve talked in the past about the higher fuel prices and the impacts upon OReilly. For many reasons, the DIFM or the commercial business should be more insulated. But have you  historically, if you look back over time, has there been any indication that theres a lead lag relationship where maybe you see the impacts first in DIY, and that ultimately spills into commercial? Or are they two really distinct businesses in this regard?
Greg Johnson: No. DIFM is not immune to  to impacts in the economy like the fuel prices. To your point, youre spot on. It typically hits our more cash-constrained DIY customer before it would impact the typical DIFM customer, who typically has  is in a better cash flow position. But theyre definitely not immune to it. We havent seen significant evidence of that thus far.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Okay, thank you. Appreciated.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Bret Jordan: Hey good morning guys.
Greg Johnson: Good morning Bret.
Bret Jordan: Now that the price initiative is, I guess, largely rolled out and complete, could you talk to us maybe about sort of how broadly staked it was? Like maybe what percentage of your DIFM sales were touched by that pricing initiative? Seemed like maybe it was product or customer sort of narrowly focused, but could you give us some color?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes, maybe Ill step into that first and then Brad can add comments. We very intentionally havent been too detailed on how we thought about that or and talk to folks about the specifics on that. I can tell you that obviously, it was significant in across lots of different customer segments. It wasnt every item. It wasnt every line. It was very specifically focused on areas where we thought we would have opportunity and it was something as Brad mentioned in his prepared comments, was thirdly tested. Brad, do you want to add anything to that?
Brad Beckham: Yes, Bret, just to maybe keep in mind that you know where the majority of the share on the DIFM side lays in the in the U.S. with the amount of incredible independents out there, solid competition and with two-step models that our goal, like wasnt be as cheaper as, cheaper than those. But thats where the majority of the opportunity for share gains was for our professional pricing initiative. And so in turn, it was in those key categories where we felt like we may have been too far out of line with those traditional players that had a lot of volume, and were gaining some either half a basket or half of delivery that we wanted to turn into an entire delivery and jobs and change those buying habits over time. And so were really pleased with where were at with it. The team is excited. But like we mentioned earlier, its just going to continue to take time the point that we lower price, it could take six, seven, eight sales calls on an individual garage if they were previously buying from a local independent that they trusted for decades or more. Just because were that much more competitive, the first time we call on them doesnt mean theyre going to call the next day. It can take months to really get that opportunity, and it may just be for a second or third call. But were very pleased with what were seeing on that front.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you. A quick question on inflation for the second half. I think one of your peers yesterday was talking about second half inflation expectations in line with what they saw in the second quarter. But I think youre talking about maybe a little bit lower price impact in the second half. How should we think about that? I mean I think you were close to 10% in the second quarter just as we model it, what should we think about top line from price?
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I think for us, the way we think about that question is from an overall price level perspective, we would expect the balance of the year to be relatively in line with where we are today. I think when weve talked about that, from a year-over-year perspective, we are up against bigger comparison. So where we would have seen a same-SKU number in second quarter at price levels that are consistent with where we sit today, there was a bigger year-over-year change because some of that increase happened in the third and fourth quarter of last year, beginning part of this year. So thats really how we think about the impact of that as we move through the rest of the year.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Bret.
Jeremy Fletcher: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liz Suzuki from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you for taking my question. And just curious what the M&A environment looks like. Are any small chains feeling a little bit more pressure in these challenging times and maybe the valuation multiples they were expecting have come down a little bit?
Greg Johnson: Liz, we  like Ive said before, we are always looking for potential acquisition targets, both inside and outside of the U.S. And really, nothings changed. Over the years, the players that are out there that remain, especially the smaller chains, theyre just solid performers. A lot of these regional players, that have survived whats happened in the past several years or solid performers. Were constantly looking at smaller one, two store chains and we buy some of those throughout the year, year-over-year, and well continue to do that. Those are the things that dont make the headlines we dont talk a lot about. But weve not seen any real uptick in opportunities from an M&A standpoint as far as seeing companies that are reaching out, looking for an exit strategy.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you. And just a quick one on inventory. I mean it sounds like overall inventory per store grew at a similar rate to your plan. But with the slowdown in DIY demand, are you finding that you have pockets of excess inventory in products like fluids that have more limited shelf life and you have to discount them? Or are you just  are you able to just keep the product on the shelf and then pace your orders from your suppliers accordingly?
Greg Johnson: Brent, do you want to take that one?
Brent Kirby: Yes. Hey, Liz, this is Brent. Ill take that one. Yes. A lot of the inventory growth is really  Brad talked about it in his prepared comments, a lot of it was really built into our plan this year. We had some  we typically are always looking to try to get inventory closest to customers and get it in the markets where we think its going to serve us best. And we had to slow down some of that expansion at the local level last year with some of the supply chain constraints that were out there. And this year, we set a plan to kind of make up some of that ground as we went into 2022, and were continuing to do that. Thats really whats driving it. Theres not really anything there that is hangover or nonproductive inventory.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Brent Kirby: Thank you. 
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Cheryl. Wed like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire OReilly team for your continued hard work in the second quarter. Id like to also remind everyone that we will be webcasting our Analyst Day on Tuesday, August 23, beginning at 8:30 Central time. Details are available on our website, and we hope youll be able to join us. Id like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:03 Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference. My name is Richard, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 00:26 I will now turn the call over to Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Tom McFall: 00:31 Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2022 results and our full-year outlook for the remainder of 2022. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. 00:48 Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements, due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2021, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. 01:35 At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: 01:39 Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brad Beckham, our Chief Operating Officer; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. Brent Kirby, our Chief Supply Chain Officer; Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. 02:04 I'd like to begin our call today by thanking team O'Reilly for their hard work and commitment to drive another solid quarter, ensuring we deliver excellent service to each and every customer. Our team of over 84,000 dedicated professional parts people across the US and Mexico continually reinforces our O'Reilly culture of excellent customer service. Their unwavering commitment to achieving such high standards and going the extra mile for our customers is key to our repeated success. 02:36 Our first quarter results were headlined by a 4.8% increase in comparable store sales, which is on top of the record 24.8% comparable store sales we delivered in the first quarter last year, resulting in an impressive comparable store sales two-year stack of 29.6%. These top line results produced diluted earnings per share of $7.17, which is an increase of 2% over our extremely strong first quarter of 2021 when we grew EPS by 78%, representing an outstanding 34% compounded annual growth rate when compared to the first quarter of 2020. 03:18 Now I'd like to provide some color on our comparable store sales results and what we saw on both sides of our business as we move through the quarter. I'll begin by reiterating what we noted in our press release yesterday. Historically, weather creates volatility in our first quarter, from both the type and severity of winter weather at the beginning of the quarter and from the timing of the onset of spring weather. And we definitely experienced choppiness in our first quarter this year. We encountered the volatility more significantly on the DIY side of our business, which I'll cover in a few minutes, but I'll start by discussing our professional business, which was much more consistent and the stronger performer in the quarter. 04:00 In our professional business, we started the quarter with some pressure from the Omicron variant and outside of this short period, our professional business in the quarter was consistent and in line with our expectations, with comp strongly positive in each month of the quarter. We're encouraged by the resiliency and consistency of our professional customer demand and still anticipate this side of the business to be the larger driver of our growth in 2022, as we share and consolidate the market -- as we grow share and consolidate the market. 04:33 We have been pleased with the results from the professional pricing initiative we began rolling out company-wide in February. Brad will provide more color on this initiative in his remarks, but I'd like to comment that the market reaction from our competitors thus far has been muted, as expected and pricing remains rational. 04:53 Turning to the DIY business. As I mentioned earlier, we saw much more volatility during the quarter on this side of the business. Early in the quarter, in addition to the headwind from inclement weather and Omicron, we also faced headwinds to DIY traffic from macroeconomic pressures stemming from the spike in gas prices and global instability. However, over the last eight weeks beginning in March and stretching into the beginning of our second quarter through the call today, volumes have become more consistent, though still hampered by less than ideal spring weather, as our business benefits when we see an early start to spring. 05:32 Our DIY customers also often perform their routine jobs outside in their driveways, and we'll take advantage when warmer weather hits to catch up on the repair, maintenance and tune-up items that have been temporarily on hold at the end of winter. This year, we have seen cold wet weather persist through much of spring in many of our markets. However, the corresponding impact to demand matches up with what we have historically seen in similar environments, and we've been encouraged that DIY results have stabilized from volatility earlier in the quarter. 06:08 From a cadence perspective, our DIY business faced very challenging year-over-year comparisons in March, driven by government stimulus payments during that month in the last year. We also faced a step up in professional comp comparison in March, due to the last year stimulus, though to a lesser degree than our DIY business. However, the cadence for total comparable store sales for the quarter levels out on a two-year and three-year stack basis, which eliminates the pandemic and stimulus impacts, with March being the relative strongest over this extended period of time. 06:46 The durable nature of our sales volumes, as evidenced by a two-year stack of nearly 30%, demonstrates our team's ability to differentiate our in-store experience and service levels to the many new customers we encountered over the last two years and convert those new customers into repeat loyal customers. 07:06 Next, I'd like to provide some color on our ticket count and average performance. The pressure to DIY ticket counts from the volatility we experienced throughout the quarter was offset by strong growth in average ticket, resulting in flat DIY comps for the quarter. We also saw a strong benefit from average ticket on the professional side of our business, which combined with an increase in ticket count, drove double-digit professional comp growth. The continued strength in average ticket is in line with our expectation and reflects the benefit from the pass-through of cost increases into selling prices. 07:44 Same-SKU inflation was in line with our expectation for the quarter in the high single-digits. However, we have seen additional pricing increases since we communicated our guidance outlook on last quarter's call. These additional price increases and any additional inflation moving forward will help our average ticket throughout the year, but may create traffic headwinds as consumers deal with broader inflation across the economy. 08:10 Now I'd like to turn our sales guidance -- now I'd like to turn to our sales guidance and full-year outlook. We are maintaining our full-year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 5% to 7%, and total sales guidance of $14.2 billion to $14.5 billion. Based on first quarter results, we are currently trending below our midpoint, but where we land will partly depend on how much of the wet weather impacts we experienced in the first quarter have deferred business later in the spring. We do believe we experienced necessary harsh winter to support demand of under-car categories as we move through the next two quarters. 08:51 We also saw volatility in the DIY traffic in the first quarter that was slightly driven in part by economic shocks from the spike in gas prices and global instability, and we remain cautious in how we think about the impact of macroeconomic pressures as we move forward. However, we also continue to remain confident with the broader industry backdrop, with steady recovery of miles driven and increasing employment underpinning stable robust growth trends in the automotive aftermarket. 09:23 This, coupled with the strong value proposition, compelling consumers to invest in their vehicles as a result of the combination of quality engineered and manufactured vehicles capable of being driven to higher mileages and new vehicle supply constraints elevating demand for used vehicles. Beyond these macro factors, we remain confident in our ability to capture market share on both sides of the business through our service-driven business model and robust supply chain. 09:54 Shifting to gross margin. For the quarter, our gross margin of 51.8% was a 126 basis point decrease from the first quarter of 2021 gross margin, in line with our expectations for the quarter, with the decrease driven by the rollout of our professional pricing initiative. As a reminder, we began rolling out this initiative in February, so we did not see the full impact in the first quarter. But our gross margin results from both professional pricing and the higher mix of professional business was in line with our plan. Our gross margin outlook for the full-year remains unchanged at a range of 50.8% to 51.3%. 10:37 Earnings per share for the first quarter of $7.17 represents a two-year increase over $7.06 in the first quarter of 2021, and a compounded two-year growth rate of over 34%, compared to the first quarter of 2020. Again, I would like to thank Team O'Reilly for their unrelenting focus on driving profitable growth through excellent customer service. We are maintaining our full-year 2022 EPS guidance of $32.35 to $32.85. Our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. 11:22 Before I turn the call over to Brad, I'd like to take a moment to discuss the executive leadership transition we announced in our press release yesterday. After almost 16-years of exceptional leadership and service, Tom expressed his interest in taken on a different role with the company. Therefore, effective May 9th, 2022, Tom will step down from his role as Chief Financial Officer and will continue his employment with O'Reilly in the role of Executive Vice President. And at that time, Jeremy Fletcher, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller, will be promoted to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 12:01 Tom has been an important part of our success during his tenure, not only providing valuable operational and financial guidance, but also by identifying and mentoring many of today's senior leaders. We are very happy that Tom will continue to be an important part of our executive leadership team. And he will retain his current responsibilities for our Information Technology, Real Estate, Legal and Risk management efforts. 12:27 We place great importance on succession planning as an integral part of our culture, and Tom has done an extraordinary job preparing Jeremy for this new role. Jeremy has been an O'Reilly Team Member for 16-years, with the last five years of service as Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller, and is also an exceptional leader who is well-suited for the position of Chief Financial Officer. I'm very confident in his ability to help lead our company to continued success well into the future. 12:58 To wrap up my comments, I want to again thank Team O'Reilly. Your dedication to living out our culture and taking care of our customers every day drives our continued success. 13:09 I'll now turn the call over to Brad Beckham. Brad?
Brad Beckham: 13:14 Thanks, Greg. And good morning to everyone. I would also like to thank Team O'Reilly for their outstanding efforts during the quarter. Similar to last year, we knew coming into 2022, we were facing extremely tough comparisons. But I'm extremely proud of our team's continued focus on what's next, not what's behind us. We are well aware of the opportunities in the marketplace on both the DIY and the professional fronts, and are excited to continue earning our customers' business each and every day. Our team is energized and intently focused on out-hustling and out-servicing our competition. 13:55 First, I would like to give some added color on our professional pricing Initiative. As discussed on our last conference call, we began rollout company-wide in February, and all pricing actions associated with this initiative were completed in all of our markets during that month. Our store and sales teams immediately engaged with our existing customers, as well as prospective new customers to ensure there was broad awareness of the changes we implemented. This has generated a lot of excitement for our team and our customers. We have really just begun to see the fruits of this initiative, and remain excited about our long-range opportunities to accelerate our professional customer share gains within this highly fragmented market. 14:44 As I discussed on our last call as we were rolling out this initiative, our more competitive pricing, combined with excellent customer service, provides a superior value proposition, enhancing our ability to take share and generate long-term sustainable business. However, we continue to strongly believe our growth will be fueled by the same key competitive advantages of exceptional customer service and rapid inventory availability. We are still in early innings with this initiative, but are pleased with the momentum we've generated, and we'll continue to execute our proven game plan and take share in the professional market. 15:27 As Greg noted, pricing in the professional market has remain rational, and we haven't seen significant competitive pricing actions in response to our initiative. This lines up with what we expected, since we still continue to be priced at a premium, albeit now a smaller premium, to the traditional players in the professional market. We expect pricing to remain rational moving forward, and we'll continue to execute our long-standing practice of passing through acquisition cost increases, as well as reviewing and adjusting pricing on a tactical basis to ensure we are appropriately and competitively priced in each of our markets. 16:10 Now I'd like to discuss our SG&A results for the quarter. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 31.5%, a deleverage of 78 basis points from the first quarter of 2021. As a reminder, we leveraged SG&A an incredible 450 basis points in the first quarter of 2021, and called out at that time as not being the right long-term level of SG&A expense leverage for our business. 16:41 On an average per store basis, our SG&A grew 6.4%, which was in line with our expectations for the quarter, but above our anticipated full-year run rate. Our guidance continues to incorporate a full-year SG&A per store growth of approximately 2.5%, with the first quarter exceeding that full-year average as a result of the SG&A comparison to the first quarter of 2021. 17:08 From an inflation perspective, we continue to see wage pressure in our distribution centers and our stores, but these have been within our expectations thus far. However, we have also seen pressure from rising energy costs in the form of fuel, freight and utilities that have been above our expectations, and it's simply too early to tell how long these cost pressures will persist within the remainder of the year. 17:35 Ultimately, we micromanage our operating cost to ensure a long-term focus on building strong relationships with our customers through excellent customer service. We will remain diligently focused on evaluating expenses to appropriately respond to the match in sales environment ongoing. That said, as I previously mentioned, we will always staff our stores with professional parts people that can and will provide top-notch, excellent customer service to ensure our long-term success. Consistent with our unchanged sales and gross margin guidance, we are also maintaining our full-year 2022 operating profit margin guidance of 20.6% to 21.1%. 18:24 Next, I'll provide an update on our store growth during the first quarter. We opened 52 net new stores across 25 states in the US, as well as two stores in Mexico, keeping us on pace for our plan of 175 to 185 net new store openings for the year. We remain very pleased with our new-store performance, and continue to be excited about our ability to attract, recruit, retain and develop outstanding teams of professional parts people and quality leadership in our new stores. 19:01 Our distribution strategy and long-term, steadfast commitment to industry leading parts availability is a key driver of our growth. Expansion of our distribution network has always gone hand-in-hand with our new-store growth plans. 19:17 To that end, we are very excited to announce that we have begun construction on our first O'Reilly prototype distribution center in Mexico. Our new facility is located in Guadalajara, with a Metro population of over 5 million people, and will have a footprint of approximately 370,000 square feet. This new facility will have the ability to provide company store and job distribution to the Guadalajara Metro area and support growth in the surrounding region. 19:49 Our distribution teams are well-seasoned in the design, planning and construction of new facilities, and we have been very pleased with our progress in working with our leadership team in Mexico to get this project rolling in true O'Reilly fashion. We are targeting a completion date of the first half of 2023, and continue to be excited about the growth opportunities we see in the Mexican automotive aftermarket. As travel restrictions have eased, it's been very nice for our US-based leadership team to get back in-person with our outstanding team in Mexico. Our leadership teams in the US and Mexico are working hand-in-hand to execute our store, distribution and infrastructure growth strategies in the Mexican market. 20:38 Now turning to inventory, and as we've shared on our last call, we intend to aggressively add incremental dollars to our store-level inventories as we move throughout 2022, seizing the opportunity to build upon our industry leading parts availability. We finished the first quarter of 2022 with an average inventory per store of $659,000, which was up approximately 3% from both the beginning of the year and this time last year. 21:07 Our supply chain leaders and teams are working diligently with all of our distribution centers and suppliers, as our supply chain still has kinks and is uneven with constraints on certain commodities and with certain suppliers. That said, we are still in line with our plans to increase per-store inventory over 8% by year-end. 21:30 Before I finish my comments, I want to echo Greg and sincerely thank you, Tom, for your dedicated service the last 16-years serving as our CFO. You have been an incredible mentor to me, a partner in driving the success of O'Reilly, and a great friend. I am very excited about this new chapter, and continue to work closely with you to drive our performance for the remainder of 2022 and beyond. We are all very excited about Jeremy's well-deserved promotion, and you've done an incredible job preparing him and the team for the future. 22:06 I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their commitment, hard work and dedication to excellent customer service and in turn, our great company. I am confident in our team's ability to execute on the many initiatives we have in progress to grow our company, and I look forward to a strong performance throughout the rest of 2022. 22:28 Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: 22:31 Thanks, Brad. I'd also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our customers and our success. Now we'll take a closer look at our first quarter results and review our guidance for the full-year. 22:45 For the quarter, sales increased $205 million, comprised of $144 million increase in comp store sales, a $51 million increase in non-comp store sales, and a $10 million increase in non-comp non-store sales. For 2022, we continue to expect our total revenues to be between $14.2 billion and $14.5 billion. 23:10 Greg previously covered our gross margin performance for the first quarter, but I want to briefly recap our LIFO accounting for the quarter and expectations moving forward. As we noted when we established our full-year gross margin guidance in February, our LIFO reserve had flipped back to a credit balance in the back half of 2021 as a result of inflation and acquisition costs. And we are now back to more typical LIFO accounting and no longer valuing the inventory at the lower replacement cost. As a result, we are expecting a limited benefit from LIFO during 2022 versus the more significant tailwind we saw throughout 2021. 23:54 As we unwound our historical debit LIFO reserve. Our first quarter results were in line with those expectations and our outlook on this item for the year is unchanged. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 23.9% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 24.3%, reduced by a 0.4% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the first quarter of 2021 rate of 23.5% of pretax income, which was comprised of the base tax rate of 24.4%, reduced by a 0.9% benefit for share-based compensation. 24:34 The first quarter of 2022 base rate was in line with our expectations. For the full-year of 2022, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 23.2%, comprised of a base rate of 23.7%, reduced by a benefit of 0.5% per share-based compensation. We expect the fourth quarter rate to be lower than the other three quarters, due to the expected timing of benefits from renewable energy tax credits and the tolling of certain tax periods. Also, variations in the tax benefit for share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. 25:13 Now I'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $579 million versus $790 million in the first quarter of 2021, with the decrease driven by a smaller benefit from reduction of net inventory investment in '22 versus '21, and the differences in accrued compensation. For 2022, our expected free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at a range of $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion. 25:46 Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the first quarter was 129%, which once again has set an all-time high for our company, and was heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns over the last 12-months. We anticipate our AP to inventory ratio to moderate off this historic high as we complete our additional inventory investments. We continue to expect to finish 2022 at a ratio of approximately 120%. 26:17 Moving on to debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR ratio of 1.72 times, as compared to our 2021 ratio at the end of the year of 1.69 times. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times and we'll approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program. And during the first quarter, weve repurchased 1.2 million shares at an average share price of $664.15 for a total investment of $775 million. 26:52 Subsequent to the end of the quarter and through the date of our press release, we repurchased an additional 0.2 million shares at an average share price of $694.70. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected future discounted cash flows in our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. 27:25 Before I open up our call to your questions, I want to make a few comments on my decision to step down from the CFO position and transition into a different role with O'Reilly. It's been an honor to have been part of this outstanding team for over -- the past 16-years. Working together, our team has pushed O'Reilly to incredible levels of success, and I'm very grateful that I can continue to be part of our growth moving forward, as I focus more of my time on enhancing our team and the processes we use to provide even better levels of customer service. 27:59 I could not be more excited for Jeremy, as he transitions into his well-deserved and earned promotion to CFO. Jeremy and I have worked closely together since my first day at O'Reilly, and he has been a trusted advisor ever since. I'm extremely confident in Jeremy's abilities, and I know his transition will be seamless and successful. I want to thank our team for their support over the years, and I'm excited about the opportunities we have in the future. 28:28 This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask Richard, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: 28:37 Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question on line comes from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Melich: 29:22 Thanks. First, congrats, Jeremy. And, Tom, we'll find a way to hunt you down now and then. Thanks for everything. My question, I would say twofold. One, inflation in the first quarter. Did you say it was high-single digits, and was that number for the whole company or just DIY or Pro?
Greg Johnson: 29:43 It was high single-digits and that was for the whole company, Greg.
Greg Melich: 29:49 Got it. And it sounds like going forward in your guidance, would you assume in that 5 to 7 comp for the year that it would be high single-digits or would it moderate to more like mid-single?
Tom McFall: 30:03 We saw inflation pick up significantly in the back half of the last year. So as we lap those, we would expect to have less inflation, although we continue to see moderately more. So the answer is at this point, we would anticipate seeing less inflation in the back half of the year.
Greg Melich: 30:25 But in the 5 to 7 comp guide, you're assuming less in the back half, but it might be mid-single digits. Would that be fair?
Tom McFall: 30:36 Time will tell what that number is. It will be somewhere plus or minus mid-single digits.
Greg Melich: 30:45 Got it. And I guess my second question, and I'll give someone else a chance, is on the SG&A. So with the higher growth in the first quarter, but still 2.5% for the year, how do you manage to do that with head count up 9%, some wage inflation out there. Like what are there -- what initiatives are there to help moderate the growth in SG&A dollars?
Greg Johnson: 31:10 Yes, Brad, do you want to take that one?
Brad Beckham: 31:12 Yes. Hey, good morning, Greg. Really the way that we're thinking about SG&A, especially from a store and distribution payroll standpoint, is as you've always heard us say. We do everything we can to manage our payroll headcount, everything that goes into our staffing both in the stores and the DCs, best we can for the short-term. But most importantly, we want to do the right things for service levels for the mid and long-term. 31:38 And really the first quarter, Greg, was -- kind of the story starting out, even though it seems like old news today, we started out with Omicron and a few things that we were still under some quarantine protocols and things like that within the company. And we had to run probably more hours than we would have wanted to for the sales volumes, but we needed to be there for our customers. We want to always be there every hour they need us. And so we started out a little bit less desirable in the quarter, but as the quarter went on and volumes ramped, we continued to make sure we were doing the right thing. 32:15 And really it's more of a story of sales than it was payroll. We felt like we had to make sure we were doing the right thing heading into the busy season, heading into spring. And though we could always adjust a little bit more on the short-term, we didn't feel like that was the right thing to do, headed into the remainder of 2022, to ensure we're supporting service levels and some of the initiatives you ask about to take share this year.
Greg Johnson: 32:43 Yes, Greg, and to add. As Brad said in his prepared comments, comparing against first quarter last year, we had unusually low SG&A last year. And we're comparing against that -- first half of last year, I'm sorry. Specifically, first quarter and as we compare against that, as we've said last year, and Brad and Jeff before him said, that was really a number that we knew needed to increase from a service-level standpoint. So we plan for a little higher SG&A in the first quarter, and we fully expect that to come back down in that 2.5 range for the balance of the year.
Tom McFall: 33:19 Greg, it's a little bit more about if we could have spent more last year, we would have --
Greg Johnson: 33:23 Right.
Operator: 33:30 Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Chris Horvers from J.P. Morgan.
Chris Horvers: 33:36 Thanks. Good morning, guys. So my first question is on the intra-quarter shocks of the gas price surge and the war, can you talk about how that played out? Did the consumers initially sort of dip down, but then sort of the trends subsequently rebound after that initial shock? And is that what ultimately allowed you to have that strong two-year and three-year trend in March?
Greg Johnson: 34:03 Yes. Chris, I'll tell you. As we've said, the first part of the quarter was really choppy, especially on the DIY side. There was lot of -- there was more fluctuation in sales volume early in the quarter for the reasons you called out, the resurgence of Omicron, we felt like that impacted us earlier in the quarter. Fuel impact probably didn't happen as much until the midpoint of the quarter until the back half of the quarter. But as I said in my prepared comments, we started to see more consistency in our DIY comp as we progressed through the quarter, specifically in the last month of the quarter and leading up to the call today.
Chris Horvers: 34:51 Got it. And then maybe can you talk more specifically about what you're seeing in April in markets where spring has at least started to break? Are you seeing that three-year trend that you saw in March hold? And then on your comment that you're trending below the midpoint of the guide. Is that a year-to-date comment, and would you say that you're trending below the low end of the guide as well?
Tom McFall: 35:20 Chris, appreciate the question. April is a short portion, and April to date is a short portion of the second quarter. So probably not appropriate for us to parse that out. Again, refer back to the last eight weeks have been much more consistent in volume.
Chris Horvers: 35:42 Okay, thanks very much.
Greg Johnson: 35:45 Thanks, Chris.
Operator: 35:48 Thank you. Our next question on the line comes from Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Zach Fadem: 35:54 Hey, good morning and congrats to Jeremy and Tom on the new roles. So first question, is there any way to quantify the weather headwind on the quarter for both DIY into affirming comps? And how do you think about the dynamics between purely lost sales versus sales that could land later once weather begins to cooperate?
Greg Johnson: 36:18 Yes, Zach, great, great question. I wish I had a crystal ball and really understood exactly what the impact was. I'll tell you, there's really two facets to weather in the first quarter that we've dealt with as long as I've been in the industry. And that is one, winter weather; and two, spring weather. So when you look at winter weather, specifically in the early part of the quarter, bad winter weather helps us in some markets short-term with sales of things like batteries and wipers and where people have their cars won't start, because their battery died, because of the cold weather. Then there is a lingering effect that based on the winter that we saw this year, we would expect to see some benefit in the second and third quarters. That's typically caused by rusting components under vehicles from salty roads, damage to steering and chassis components, because of roads being damaged by the harsh weather. That would come typically later in the year post-spring. 37:19 The other weather component would be later in the quarter and that's based on the timing of spring weather coming. And that's really what's been choppy this year is spring. It seems like every time you get a nice day, theres -- it gets cold again and starts raining. And a lot of our DIY customers depend on non-wet, dry, warm days on the weekend to do their repairs. And it seems like we've been pressured with a lot of damp weekends in a lot of our markets this year. So weather has had an impact. Quantifying that as a portion of some of the other headwinds we've talked about that we've seen, we really just can't do that.
Zach Fadem: 38:06 Got it, appreciate the color. And then a follow-up with respect to the outlook. Can you help me understand the dynamics around your sales EBIT and EPS outlooks all staying the same, but since you're now incorporating about $700 million in incremental buybacks versus last quarter, does this imply that we should think about your sales or margins closer to the low end of the range versus the previously higher end of the range? And are there any particular line items that would be most impacted by this? Thanks.
Tom McFall: 38:41 So when we look at our guidance in our prepared comments, we've said currently we're trending towards the lower end of our range. Gross margin was where we thought it would be, SG&A total spend was where we thought it would be. A little more pressure on the SG&A than the gross margin, which is the change in the EPS where we've brought shares in and to the extent that there is a benefit to those shares -- there is a benefit for those shares for the rest of the year implied a little bit down on EPS, mostly driven by the SG&A spend from the first quarter.
Zach Fadem: 39:18 Thanks for the time, guys.
Greg Johnson: 39:20 Thank you.
Operator: 39:25 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question on line comes from Mr. Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: 39:38 Hi, good morning.
Greg Johnson: 39:40 Good morning, Brian.
Tom McFall: 39:41 Good morning, Brian.
Brian Nagel: 39:42 First off, Tom and Jeremy, congratulations on your new roles.
Tom McFall: 39:44 Thank you.
Brian Nagel: 39:45 So my first question, I know it's going to be a bit of a follow-up, but this with respect to gas prices. Obviously now higher gas prices are getting a lot of attention as a potential headwind to consumer spending. Historically, gas prices have had impacts upon O'Reilly in the category broadly. So I guess what I'm asking for is just maybe a little more color of what you're seeing. If I hear the comments you made in the prepared comments, in addition to some of the responses to the question thus far, it seems like there may have been an initial impact of higher gas prices, but then you've seen that fade. So I guess is -- or just maybe a little more color on what you're seeing in gas prices and frankly, if you're being -- if you're surprised at all with how the consumers this time are reacting to gas prices?
Greg Johnson: 40:28 Yes, Brian. This is Greg. I'll take that one. And then see if Brad or Tom has anything to add. I don't look at price point specifically to driving consumers' driving habits. Gas prices definitely are going to impact miles driven over time. Unfortunately, miles driven data, as you guys know, lingers for a couple of months and we don't have data for the past few weeks. But what we believe is if gas prices ramp up incrementally over time, especially the DIY consumer, who is typically more economically challenged, will adapt to that and budget for it. 41:13 When you see spikes in fuel prices like we saw late February, early March, often that will have more of an impact on miles driven and impact our business a little differently, but that's a short-term impact. I mean, over time, those customers and consumers will have to budget a different portion of their income for fuel because they got to drive to work, they got to drive their vehicles. 41:39 One of the things that's a little different this quarter than what we've historically talked about fuel prices is we're in an inflationary environment. And a lot of things are moving from a cost perspective right now, but at the same time, we're all experiencing wage inflation. So as fuel prices have increased, wages have increased as well. And we're optimistic that that's offsetting some of the pressure that fuel prices would've put on miles driven. Do you guys have anything to add, Tom, or --
Tom McFall: 42:13 It's an unusual environment. As Greg said, in the past, you can kind of isolate fuel independently. But as we see these cost increases across the economy, it's just one of many. And in addition to rising prices, we see growing employment numbers, which is also a positive for our business.
Brad Beckham: 42:34 Brian, this is Brad. The only other thing I'd add to that, I think it's well-said by Greg and Tom, but as you well know with our company, either way, it's obviously a concern with the longer-term fuel prices and miles driven. But some of the years we've had that pressure are the years that we all face that, us and our competitors, the small competitors and the large competitors. And so just operationally, as you know, like we always talk, we don't -- operationally, our teams aren't out there talking about gas prices or weather and things like that. They're out there trying to figure out how to take market share. And some of the times that we've had some of those headwinds are the years we felt like we took the most share. So that's how we're looking at it.
Brian Nagel: 43:16 That's all really helpful. I appreciate it. And my follow-up question and I think it's a question I've asked in prior calls too, but just with regard to inflation and product price inflation. Are you seeing yet any indications of demand destruction as the cost of your products start to rise -- or continue to rise?
Greg Johnson: 43:36 Yes, Brian. We're watching that really closely, we look at our product in a good better best category mix, and we have not seen evidence thus far of any trade down or any significant trade down. What we have seen is more of a supply chain issue than a pricing issue, where some of our customers have been willing to trade from branded to proprietary, or proprietary to branded, or up and down the value spectrum as needed. When we don't have maybe exactly the brand of oil they want in stock at that time, they'll trade across brands or trade up and down. But from a price inflation standpoint, we've seen no evidence of consumers trading down.
Brian Nagel: 44:25 Got it. Thanks, and congrats again.
Tom McFall: 44:28 Thank you.
Operator: 44:31 Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: 44:37 Hey. Good morning, guys.
Greg Johnson: 44:39 Good morning, Bret.
Brad Beckham: 44:40 Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: 44:41 Could you talk a little bit more about Mexico, now that you're putting a DC in down there, maybe what you see as a potential eventual store count, and if the profit model down there is meaningfully different than what you see in the US?
Greg Johnson: 44:55 Sure. So we're slow to announce some things and we wanted to wait until the DC was underway and contracts were signed and everything before we talked about that publicly, Bret. But we are happy with our progress we're making in Mexico. We're opening stores, albeit at a slow pace. Our strategy in Mexico is similar to our strategy here in the US. We want to make sure we've got the supply chain infrastructure in place before we really ramp up our store growth at a more aggressive pace, because we want that customer experience to be what it's going to be long-term. And we want that service level from our DC for our professional customers to be at the very highest level from day one. 45:45 So we're growing the market incrementally. You won't see the O'Reilly brand down in Mexico right now. You'll still see MAYASA/ORMA. And that's part of our strategy. We'll transition that over time, but the first step is to get the distribution center open. As Brad said, that will happen in the first half of next year. And then we would plan to ramp up our growth -- our store count growth in Mexico and as we grow, consider additional distribution centers at that time. As far as capacity, one of our major competitors has over 600 stores down there, and we feel like there is a pretty big opportunity to grow our store count somewhere in that range in Mexico as well.
Bret Jordan: 46:30 Okay, great. And then on the pricing actions, it was hard to find a lot of disruption in the first quarter around that strategy. Could you talk about maybe how broadly it's been rolled out, maybe as a percentage of SKUs, is it all behind the counter? And is it pretty much done, or are there other areas you're going to address pricing or is what you announced on the fourth quarter pretty much in place now?
Greg Johnson: 46:56 Yes, Brad, do you want to take that one?
Brad Beckham: 46:57 Yes. Hey, good morning, Bret. I'll be glad to talk to that and try to answer your question the best I can. Look, we're a couple months into this, Bret, as you know. As we said earlier, we did complete what we're going to do in February and that was completely rolled out to our entire organization. As you know, on the installer side, the professional side of the business it's far majority backroom hard parts, to your question. So that would be a yes overall, on your question there. 47:26 What I kind of want to just go back to that we talked about last quarter when we did this, Bret, is this is a absolute long-term play. It's a share gain play. It's something that we tested out extremely thoroughly. Really throughout the entire year last year, we tested our tests and we used a lot of science, a lot of data. We used isolated markets, we used markets, Metro markets, rural markets. And this was all about something that we felt like would absolutely be a share play and especially, a unit growth and gross margin dollar growth strategy over time. 48:06 As you well know, Bret, the way that our installers and professional customers, whether it be a independent garage or a national or regional account, they make their buying decisions based upon the overall value proposition. And us building our business, especially our professional business, which is how we founded our company on the professional customer, pricing is on down the list. It's critically important to have the right price, but all that falls behind getting a car off the rack every day for those shops, then buying from somebody they know and trust, the overall service and value proposition. And honestly, as an operator, I would just tell you that I feel even better about it as I did 60 days ago. The more we've moved on and seen the confidence in the team and what we're hearing from our existing customers and the future customers, potential customers that we're calling on, they feel really good about everything we're doing. 49:05 And lastly, I'd just remind you that what we did with pricing, we're still at a premium, like we said earlier. We don't want to be the cheapest. That's not a winning strategy for us. We don't feel that's a winning strategy in the professional business. And so we really didn't expect to see any reaction from our big public competitors nor the independents. So that doesn't surprise us that we're not seeing a lot. It was a very rifle approach, and I think Greg said that earlier. It was very targeted to the SKUs we felt like would not only give us a shot at moving more units with the discounted items, but the overall basket and the entire delivery with an entire job.
Greg Johnson: 49:48 Yes. And, Bret, to add one more comment to that is our pricing team continues to do what they do day in and day out, and that's monitor, make sure we're competitive in all of our markets. And we talk about the price decreases we made on the professional side, but keep in mind that's offset. We're looking for opportunities to increase prices, as well as decrease our prices, and our pricing team will continue on that effort.
Bret Jordan: 50:16 Great, thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: 50:21 Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: 50:29 Thanks a lot, and good morning. And congrats, Jeremy and Tom, on your new roles. My question is around inflation, first, just in terms of LIFO. Tom, you mentioned, no major impacts, despite higher inflation. Can you walk us through why you're not seeing any significant change to your LIFO forecast despite higher-than-expected inflation?
Tom McFall: 50:52 Well, now that we're in typical LIFO accounting, last in, first out. So as we add layers, we're running the cost of goods from the last purchases through, and we don't have a debit balance to run off anymore.
Seth Basham: 51:10 Got it, okay. And then secondly as it relates to inflation's impact on DIY comps. For the balance of the year, you expect higher inflation to offset lower transactions, such that DIY comp outlook for the second to fourth quarter is unchanged from what you communicated in February?
Tom McFall: 51:28 We expect to continue to benefit from average ticket on the DIY side of the business, and based on the incredible growth of DIY traffic over the last two years, to have some pressure there.
Seth Basham: 51:43 Got it. You're expecting additional pressure because of the inflation in terms of transaction counts or not necessarily?
Tom McFall: 51:50 Our expectations from the beginning of the year and currently, continue to be that we're going to have some pressure on DIY tickets, because of the extraordinary growth over the last two years.
Seth Basham: 52:03 Fair enough. Thank you, guys. And best of luck.
Greg Johnson: 52:06 Thank you.
Operator: 52:09 Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: 52:15 Good morning, everyone. And congratulations, Jeremy and Tom. My first question, it's been asked. I'm not sure if this is an area we're going to speak to. Can you -- the markets in which weather has been more favorable, at least in the first quarter, nothing to do with April, is the business performing the way you'd expect or better? Is there any commentary you can provide there to build the confidence that when the weather normalizes, we'll see the business come back everywhere?
Greg Johnson: 52:44 Hey Brad, do you want to take that?
Brad Beckham: 52:45 Hey. Good morning, Simeon. As you know, it's a fine line between the weather that hurts and the weather that helps, especially long-term. We're calling out weather so much, because we do feel like it's really impacted our DIY business so much more than the DIFM business. When you look at the first quarter of 2022, we did have some markets that are used to the winter weather, so to speak that when they got it, it was a little bit of difference in between what we were seeing in other markets. But when you look at our plan by region, by division in the two-year stack, our performance, you didn't see the big weather swings from region to region. 53:28 Really what we were seeing that kind of washed out by the end of the quarter, Simeon, is it wasn't like markets were off, due to weather from month-to-month, it was more kind of a day-to-day, week-to-week thing. You would see a market that had unfavorable, kind of lack of that spring weather we talked about over a weekend and then they bounce right back the next weekend and vice versa. So not a lot of regional differences. A little bit of difference in the first quarter but again, when you look at the two-year stack and we look at our plan by region and division, very, very consistent.
Simeon Gutman: 54:04 Okay, that's helpful. And then the follow-up is, looking back at the volume that the business has gained over the last two years and what's lapping underneath the comparison, there's probably been some discretionary business that happened when people were staying home. And I know there's no crystal ball to measure that but it seems like in the conference call script today, you talked about some of these risks a little bit more than maybe even the last quarter. Is that fair? Are you questioning do we really know what's in there, what's reversion versus weather, gas prices, et cetera? It's really just testing the confidence that the business re-accelerates from here.
Greg Johnson: 54:43 Yes. Simeon, we remain bullish both on the industry and on our company performance. Our DIFM business has been strong and we expect it to be strong for the balance of the year. The uncertainty is around the DIY consumer. And we're still very optimistic there, but there is just -- when you look at fuel prices and you look at some of the headwinds that we talked about in our prepared comments, we just wanted to make sure that we acknowledged the risk for the balance of the year. But we're still bullish. We still feel good. There is a lot of positives that will impact our DIY consumer. They're driving their vehicles more miles, they're keeping them longer, there is a lack of new car inventory. So there's puts and takes in this, but we're not trying to be negative. We're just trying to acknowledge that there are some headwinds, potentially.
Simeon Gutman: 55:36 Okay. Thanks, Greg. Good luck, everyone.
Greg Johnson: 55:38 Thank you.
Operator: 55:42 Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist.
Scot Ciccarelli: 55:48 Good morning, guys. So did your commercial sales actually accelerate during the quarter? As you made your pricing investments, could you say it was having the desired effect?
Tom McFall: 56:00 What we would say -- last year, there was volatility in the quarterly numbers because of the stimulus. What we would say is versus our expectation, the professional business performed better at the end of the quarter versus our expectations in the beginning of the quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli: 56:20 Roger, that. And then just a quick follow-up just to clarify. Did you guys make any price investments in the DIY side or was it all concentrated on the Pro side?
Greg Johnson: 56:32 The DIY side of the business is much easier to monitor pricing in the industry. And we always have and always will continue to make sure we're competitive on that side of our business. So DIY side is ongoing, price adjustments both up and down to ensure our competitiveness. On the DIFM side, it's a little tougher. And we took a more aggressive approach on the DIFM side this year.
Scot Ciccarelli: 57:00 Okay, so to -- just so everyone is clear, your actual, let's call it more aggressiveness on the pricing side was really focused on the Pro and then DIY, you're always kind of pricing against the market?
Greg Johnson: 57:12 That's correct.
Tom McFall: 57:13 Scot, that's correct.
Scot Ciccarelli: 57:14 Okay, excellent. Thanks, guys.
Greg Johnson: 57:16 Thank you.
Tom McFall: 57:17 Thank you.
Operator: 57:20 And we have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: 57:27 Thank you, Richard. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work delivering yet another solid quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you.
Operator: 57:44 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the OReilly Automotive, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is James, and Ill be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And Id now like to turn the call over to Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, James. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During todays conference call, well discuss our fourth quarter 2021 results and our full year outlook for 2022. After our prepared comments, well host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, Id like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The companys actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the companys latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the OReilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brad Beckham, our Chief Operating Officer; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; David OReilly, our Executive Vice Chairman; and Brent Kirby, our Chief Supply Chain Officer, are also present on the call. Id like to begin our call today by congratulating Team OReilly on the tremendous results in the fourth quarter, which capped off another record-setting year. This year marked our companys 65th year since our founding and our 29th year as a publicly traded company, and I feel very comfortable saying it was our best year yet driven by the truly remarkable contributions of our team of over 83,000 hard-working professional parts people. Our teams performance in 2021 was highlighted by our comparable store sales growth of 13.3% and diluted earnings per share growth of 32%. This outstanding performance is even more impressive when you consider that our team delivered these results on top of a record-setting year in 2020, when we achieved comparable sales increase of 10.9% and growth in earnings per share of 32%. There are a number of different metrics I could provide to highlight the strength of our business, and well talk through many of those details in our customary updates during the call today. However, there are two specific numbers that Id like to provide an incredible picture of just how much growth Team OReilly has generated for our shareholders over the past two years. For 2021, our average store generated sales of $2.3 million, which represents an increase of over 23% from the average store sales volume just two years ago in 2019. During this same time  period of time, our operating profit dollars per store has grown by an incredible 42% as our store and distribution teams leveraged our dual market business model to drive very strong operating profit flow-through. I want to take this opportunity to thank Team OReilly for your tremendous back-to-back annual performance. One of the guiding principles of our culture is our teams dedication to our customers and fellow team members, and that commitment was truly on display in 2021. Rolling out the numbers for over the $13 billion of sales, it can be easy to lose sight of the context of what it takes to deliver these results. These big growth numbers are made up of millions of individual interactions with our customers, where our team members constantly go the extra mile to provide the best customer service in our industry to earn our customers current and future business. Our team truly lived a "Never Say No" philosophy in 2021, while at the same time, consistently executing on best practices to protect the health and safety of our customers and team members and tackle head on the significant challenges brought on by the pandemic. Its taken a monumental effort, and I again want to express my gratitude for the selfless dedication, hard work and sacrifice of each member of Team OReilly. Now Id like to take a few minutes and provide some color around our fourth quarter results. Our comparable store sales for the fourth quarter grew 14.5%. From a cadence perspective, we continue to see steady trend of elevated sales levels throughout the quarter, continuing the consistent broad-based strength weve experienced since the second quarter of 2020. As a result, our sales results were fairly consistent throughout the quarter, with December being the strongest month on a two and three-year stack basis. Weve continued to see solid sales volumes. The results thus far in 2022 have been impacted by the Omicron variant and by some inclement weather given choppiness in certain regions of the company  or country, rather. Ill spend more time on this in a few minutes on our sales outlook for 2022, but Id like to add that were always pleased to see this type of harsh weather as the wear and tear it inflicts on vehicles benefits us throughout the year. Our comparable store sales results were driven by somewhat stronger growth on the professional side of our business, which continues to trend  which continues the trend we experienced in the second and third quarters. However, our DIY business was also very strong in the fourth quarter and our expectations against difficult compares from the prior year. For the quarter, we were very pleased to see the solid growth on both average ticket and comparable ticket counts in both our professional and DIY businesses, with average ticket being the larger contributor. The average ticket growth was aided by heightened inflation with the benefit we realized from same-SKU selling prices landing in the high single digits. However, we continue to be pleased to see growth in average ticket beyond the positive impact of same-SKU inflation driven by the long-term increased complexity of automotive technology. Demand in our industry has remained very resilient for the past two quarters, even as price levels and the broader economy have risen sharply. The acquisition cost increases we saw in 2021 were consistent with the cost pressures experienced across the automotive aftermarket, and the industry continues to be very rational in passing through the inflationary pricing. Finally, even though average ticket was the larger contributor to our comparable store sales for the quarter, we also believe were pleased to capitalize on solid ticket count comps, which were positive for both the professional and DIY businesses. Weve been encouraged by the stability of our customer traffic, especially as we continue to move further past the major macro-level demand tailwinds provided by the government stimulus. We believe were very clearly benefiting from market share gains and an increased willingness of customers to invest in their existing vehicles. Next, I want to transition to a discussion of our 2022 sales guidance as well as our 2021 gross profit performance and outlook for gross profit for 2022. As we disclosed in our earnings release yesterday, were establishing an annual comparable store sales guidance for 2022 at the range of 5% to 7%. Our expectations are to generate positive comparable store sales growth on both sides of our business, with stronger growth on the professional business. This range and corresponding expectations for the coming year are higher than we can remember ever providing in our initial annual guidance. So I want to spend some extra time to provide color on the basis for our forecast relating both to our general outlook for the coming year as well as our planned strategy to further invest in pricing on the professional side of our business. To begin, from a macro perspective, we remain very confident about the health of the automotive aftermarket and believe the stable, robust growth trends experienced in our industry are indicative of ongoing core underlying strength. The value proposition for consumers to invest in their existing vehicles remains very strong driven by scarcity of new vehicle supply, high demand for used vehicles, and the quality of engineering and manufacturing of vehicles currently on the road, merits higher mileages. Our industry history has proven that time  in times of economic uncertainty motivate consumers to take more cautious financial outlook and allocate additional share of their wallet to maintain their existing vehicles. We believe this has been a positive for our business since the onset of the pandemic and that this value proposition will continue to support solid demand in our industry. We are also encouraged by the resilience of the strong sales trends in our business weve moved  as we move further past the injection of government stimulus into the economy and believe that economically consumers remain relatively healthy with employment increasing and miles driven steadily recovering. Beyond this positive macroeconomic backdrop, it is also clear to us that our extremely strong sales results are driven by significant share gains, with our outperformance the direct result of significant competitive advantages afforded by the strength of our business model and supply chain. For the DIY side of our business, we anticipate delivering generally stable to slightly negative ticket counts, with the headwind coming from lapping the positive impact of governance stimulus in the first half of 2021 and expected pressures from increased prices. We remain cognizant of the impact of sustained inflation on the economically challenged DIY consumers, who have just historically deferred non-critical maintenance and traded down the product value spectrum as prices dramatically increased. We expect this pressure to ticket comp counts to be more than offset by increased average ticket as our forecast includes an assumption of mid-single digit same-SKU inflation. The anticipated benefit from same-SKU inflation does not include significant incremental increases in price levels from this point forward in 2022, consistent with our historical approach to issuing guidance. Our projection reflects the static prices from current levels with expected benefit of same-SKU inflation being stronger in the first half of the year as we compare price levels that ramp throughout 2021. On the professional side of our business, our guidance expectations assume robust growth in ticket counts supported by four factors: the stronger economic resilience of the end-user customers on this side of the business; incremental improvement in miles driven from consumers generally returning to an in-person work post pandemic; the long-term industry demographic trend for faster growth on the professional side of our business; and anticipated accelerated growth from the professional pricing initiative, which I will discuss next. Throughout our history, we have been steadfast in earning our professional customers business by providing excellent customer service from highly trained professional parts people with rapid access to industry-leading inventory at competitive prices. This unwavering commitment to customer service has allowed us to drive exceptional value for our customers and capitalize on competitive advantages to earn a pricing premium in many of our markets. Our service over price philosophy remains unchanged, but we believe we have an opportunity to accelerate our professional share gain through targeted competitive adjustments to our professional pricing strategy. The past two years in the automotive aftermarket have been very turbulent, characterized by volatility in customer demand as a result of the pandemic, significant supply chain shocks and an evolving competitive landscape. These factors have been more disruptive on the do-it-for-me side of the business, which remains very fragmented and where the ability to respond to challenging environments has differed significantly between market participants. Against this backdrop, we have been very successful in gaining professional market share and growing substantially faster than the overall market through the strength of our industry-leading inventory availability, tiered distribution and hub network and world-class professional parts people. However, we believe that the current disruptive environment presents an opportunity for us to enhance our competitive positioning and leverage our competitive advantages to drive accelerated long-term market share gains. Over the course of the past few quarters, weve tested several professional pricing strategies in multiple markets. Weve been very encouraged by the results of our testing. And after dialing in our strategy, we rolled out the professional pricing initiative company-wide at the beginning of February. For 2022, we expect to see a meaningful benefit to our professional customer comps from share gains, which weve incorporated into our comparable sales growth expectations. The professional pricing initiatives will pressure our gross margin rate, which we have also incorporated into our gross profit guidance. While we continually adjust pricing by location, by customer and by product line to reflect changing market conditions, we believe the professional pricing initiative weve put in place appropriately positions us to enhance the value proposition we offered our professional customers and solidify our position on the top of the call list for 2022 and beyond. Next, Id like to provide some color on our fourth quarter gross margins and additional details supporting our full year 2022 guidance. Our fourth quarter gross margin of 52.7% was a 66 basis point improvement from our fourth quarter of 2020, which exceeded the expectations we discussed on the third call  third quarter call. For the full year, gross margin also came in at 52.7%, which was 23 basis points higher than last year and at the upper end of our guidance range instead of the bottom half of the range as previously expected. The principal driver of the better-than-expected performance was lower-than-expected distribution cost. As weve discussed on previous calls, our distribution infrastructure is facing inefficiencies due to extremely high sales volumes, the difficult labor environment and global logistics challenges. While we continue to take targeted actions in the fourth quarter to respond to these pressures, we did not incur the level of incremental expense that we had anticipated. For 2022, we expect gross margin to be in the range of 50.8% to 51.3%. The year-over-year pressure to our gross margin rate is driven by the impact of our professional pricing initiative, a reduced LIFO benefit and a headwind from higher mix of professional business, which we expect to grow faster than DIY. We expect these headwinds to be partially offset by leverage of our distribution cost as supply chain conditions begin to normalize. Before turning the call over to Brad, Id like to highlight our fourth quarter earnings per share increase of 41% to $7.64 with a full year 2021 increase of 32% to $31.10. For 2022, our guidance is $32.35 to $32.85, representing an increase of 5% versus 2021 at the midpoint. After delivering earnings per share growth of 32% in both 2021 and 2020, our forecasted annual increase for 2022 diluted earnings per share represents a three-year compounded annual growth rate of 22% and is a testament to the historical results our team has been able to generate and repeat through consistent excellent execution. To wrap up my comments, I want to again thank Team OReilly for an outstanding year. Your dedication to living out our culture and taking care of our customers every day drives our continued success. Ill now turn the call over to Brad Beckham. Brad?
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I want to begin my comments today by echoing Greg and congratulating Team OReilly on another amazing year. After our record-breaking year in 2020, we came into 2021 knowing just how difficult it was going to be to sustain that same level of performance. However, our team once again proved they were up to the challenge and generated even more impressive growth in 2021. The core driver of our success is our teams relentless focus on providing excellent customer service, and we are very excited about the opportunities we have in front of us in 2022. Greg previously discussed our strategic professional pricing initiative, but I want to add one more point before we move on to the rest of my prepared comments. Anyone who has participated in our earnings calls or attended our Analyst Days for any length of time has heard us say on multiple occasions that price is not the most important factor on the professional side of the business and that you cannot win sustainable business solely on price. We want to be very clear that this rule still holds true for our business and our industry. We strongly believe that the lions share of the professional business in the marketplace is, one, day in and day out through exceptional customer service and rapid inventory availability. However, we believe we can generate solid long-term returns by further investing in professional pricing. As an important part of our professional pricing initiative, we are intentionally not positioned as the lowest-price competitor in each market, and our store and sales teams remain as committed as ever to earning our customers business by outhustling and outservicing our competitors. Our team fully realizes that business won with price alone is easily lost to a lower price, a competitor may decide to offer. This initiative is geared to position us more quickly to gain professional market share based on all the services we offer, along with a very competitive price. Now Id like to take some time to covering our SG&A and operating profit performance in 2021 as well as our outlook for 2022. For the fourth quarter, we generated an impressive increase in operating margin of 165 basis points and operating profit dollar growth of 27%. For the full year, we generated a 21% increase in operating profit dollars, yielding a new annual record of 21.9% operating margin. This increase in operating profit results for 2021 was driven by our teams ability to generate exceptional comparable store sales results of 13.3% while limiting our per-store SG&A growth to under 9%. The result was improved leverage of SG&A expenses of 81 basis points. Our 2021 results are even more impressive considering we delivered these results on top of leveraging SG&A by 263 basis points in 2020. The dollar growth in our SG&A spend per store in 2021 was significantly higher than our typical growth in operating expenses driven by expenses incurred in store payroll, incentive compensation and variable operating expenses to support our sales growth. Over the last 1.5 years, our focus has been to match the tremendous opportunities weve had to gain share and drive very strong sales growth by delivering on the excellent customer service standard that is at the core of our business, all while micromanaging our expense structure. The result has been an enhanced level of profitability that candidly has exceeded our previous expectations for our ability to execute our model effectively at this level of SG&A productivity. However, our top line growth for the last seven quarters has been both robust and remarkably consistent. This stability in strong sales volumes, coupled with high fixed low-variable cost structures for our stores to generate very favorable leverage for our business model. As we capitalize on lessons learned as weve navigated record high sales and productivity gains and look forward to 2022, we are more confident than ever that our seasoned experienced teams will continue to be able to execute at this step change of increased profitability. Our estimated per-store SG&A reflects our confidence in our ability to effectively control expenses moving forward. Our teams have demonstrated this ability to leverage SG&A even as we have faced significant wage rate pressures. Our SG&A expectations for 2022 include continued pressure from inflation and wage rates at trends consistent with what we saw in 2021, more than offset by efficiency gains, leverage on fixed costs and incentive compensation planned at target levels. For 2022, we estimate per-store SG&A will grow by approximately 2.5%, which is solidly below our comparable store sales we expect to generate. As always, our top priority is to ensure we are providing excellent customer service, enabling us to develop long-term, loyal customer relationships. Based upon the pressure to gross margin Greg outlined earlier, partially offset by improved SG&A leverage, we expect operating profit to decline between 80 and 130 basis points from 2021s phenomenal results. However, we expect operating profit dollars at the midpoint of our guidance to increase approximately 2.5% and our operating profit guide of 20.6% to 21.1% of sales brackets our 2020 operating profit, which represented an all-time high for our company before we expanded the record by another 100 basis points in 2021. Our capital expenditures for 2021 were $443 million, which was lower than our typical capital spend and below our original plan going into 2021. The lower CapEx was driven by a few different factors, including a heavier weighting of leased versus owned stores, the delay of certain expenditures limited by constraints on availability of vehicles and equipment and the timing of certain store-level strategic initiatives that had to be pushed back as our teams prioritize supporting the current strong sales volumes. As we set our expectations for 2022, our plan is to deploy capital for the initiatives that were delayed in 2021 as well as support new store and DC development to support our long-term growth strategies in the U.S. and Mexico. For 2022, we are setting our capital expenditure guidance at $650 million to $750 million. We have also established a target of 175 to 185 net new store openings. Outside of our new store and DC development, we have also identified several exciting projects and initiatives in 2022 to enhance the service we provide our customers and improve our efficiency to drive strong returns. Our CapEx guidance includes planned investments in DC and store fleet upgrades; store projects to enhance the image, appearance and convenience of our stores; as well as strategic investments in information technology projects. Inventory per store at the end of 2021 was $637,000, which was down 2% from the end of last year. As weve discussed on previous calls during the course of 2020 and 2021, our intent has been to aggressively add incremental dollars to our store-level inventories. During the strong sales environment the past seven quarters, rolling out the full scope of these initiatives has had to take a backseat to the day-to-day replenishment needs of our stores. We still see significant opportunity to build upon our industry-leading parts availability, and our plan for 2022 includes the deployment of additional inventory in our store and hub network above and beyond our normal new store and typical product additions. As a result of this plan to catch up on delayed initiatives for 2022, we are planning our per-store inventory to increase over 8%. This level of inventory growth is significantly above our historical run rates and is driven in part by our focus on meeting the extremely strong sales demand in a supply-constrained market environment. Our ongoing inventory management is geared to deploy the right inventory at the optimal position within our tiered distribution network and includes continual adjustments to push out and pullback inventory to achieve this objective. However, our overriding goal is to have the best local inventory offering, and that priority drives how we manage our inventory and, in turn, is the primary reason for the higher levels of inventory additions planned for 2022. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I want to once again thank Team OReilly for their dedication and hard work in 2021. Now Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Brad. Id also like to congratulate Team OReilly on another outstanding year. Now well take a closer look at our fourth quarter results and provide some additional guidance for 2022. For the quarter, sales increased $463 million, comprised of a $398 million increase in comp store sales, a $56 million increase in non-comp store sales and a $9 million increase in non-comp non-store sales. For 2022, we expect our total revenues to be between $14.2 billion and $14.5 billion. Greg covered our gross margin performance earlier, but I want to provide additional details on our positive LIFO impact. For the full year 2021, the LIFO impact was $80 million compared to $11 million in the prior year. As a reminder, the positive LIFO impact is a byproduct of the reversal of our historic LIFO debit. Since 2013, due to negotiated acquisition price decreases, our calculated LIFO inventory balances exceeded the value of our inventory at replacement costs, and we elected the conservative approach to not write up inventory value beyond the replacement cost. As a result of this accounting, weve seen a benefit from rising costs and price levels via the sell-through of lower-cost inventory purchased prior to the recent cost increases. However, during the third quarter of 2021, our LIFO reserve flipped back to a credit balance as a result of inflation and acquisition costs. And moving forward, we expect to be back to typical LIFO accounting and no longer valuing inventory at a lower replacement cost. As a result, we anticipate a limited benefit of less than $10 million in 2022 for the final sell-through of the remaining lower-cost inventory, which creates a headwind to our gross margin rate. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 19.4% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 20.4%, reduced by 1% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the fourth quarter of 2020 rate up 21.4% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 21.8%, reduced by a 0.4% benefit for share-based compensation. The fourth quarter of 2021 base rate as compared to 2020 benefited from a higher level of renewable energy tax credits, as a result of the timing of these projects, which was in line with our expectations. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 22.2% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 23.5%, reduced by 1.3% per share-based compensation. For the full year of 2022, we expect an effective tax rate of 23.2%, comprised of a base rate of 23.7%, reduced by a benefit of 0.5% per share-based compensation. We expect the fourth quarter rate to be lower than the other three quarters due to the expected timing of benefits from renewable energy tax credits and tolling of certain tax periods. These expectations assume no significant changes to existing tax codes. Also, variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now Ill move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results and our expectations for 2022. Free cash flow for 2021 was $2.5 billion versus $2.2 billion in 2020. The increase of $359 million or 16% was driven by an increase in operating income and a higher reduction in net inventory in 2021 versus the prior year. For 2022, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion, with the year-over-year decrease primarily due to increased net inventory investment and increased CapEx, as Brad previously outlined. Our AP-to-inventory ratio at the end of the fourth quarter was 127%, which set an all-time high for our company and was heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns in 2021. We anticipate our AP-to-inventory ratio to moderate off of this historic high as we complete our additional inventory investments and sales growth moderate. Our current expectation is to finish 2022 at a ratio of approximately 120%. Moving on to debt. We finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.69 times as compared to our end of 2020 ratio of 2.03 times, with the reduction driven by the significant growth in EBITDAR during 2021 and a decrease in adjusted debt, including the redemption of $300 million of senior notes in the second quarter. We continue to be below our leverage target ratio of 2.5 times, and we will approach that number when appropriate. We also continue to execute our share repurchase program. And for 2021, based on the strength of our business, we were able to repurchase 4.5 million shares at an average share price of $545.78 for a total investment of $2.5 billion. Subsequent to the end of the year and through the date of our press release, we repurchased 0.3 million shares at an average share price of $660.23. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected future discounted cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. As a reminder, our EPS guidance for 2022 includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I open up our call to your questions, Id like to thank the OReilly team for their dedication to our company and our customers. Your hard work and commitment to excellent customer service continues to drive our outstanding performance. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, Id like to ask James, the operator, to return to the line, and well be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Scot Ciccarelli of Truist Securities.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. Hope, youre well. I think we can appreciate that price isnt the most important factor in driving a customers decision. But I guess my questions are, number one, why are we making these price investments now, as in what has changed? And then number two, why couldnt we see this round of price cuts become another set of price cuts at some point in the future, potentially threatening one of the key investment pillars of this vertical? Thanks.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Scot, this is Greg. Ill take that one and then see if Tom and Brad may have something to add to it. As to  first of all, I want to reiterate what you said. Our philosophy hasnt changed. We always lead with service. Service is most important followed by inventory availability and then price. As far as why now, when you look at the past couple of years, weve been through two years of inflation, price increases. Weve seen rising prices. Weve seen supply chain disruption. And I think weve performed better than a lot of our competitors over the past couple of years, especially our smaller competitors. When you look at the professional side of our business as a whole, as you know, its very, very fragmented. Theres a lot of players out there on that side of our business, some of which are the large national players, some of which are the smaller WDs and two-steppers. We compete against each of those every day in every market that we operate in. So we felt like coming off of a couple of years of inflation and supply chain disruption, again, where weve performed well, and the anticipation that some of the supply chain disruption may moderate in the back half of the year, timing was right to implement this change. We  what we did here is really no different than what we do day in and day out with our pricing team. Our pricing team constantly monitors pricing on both sides of our business and makes tweaks to pricing at both the professional and the DIY level across our customers. And this initiative specifically targets our DIFM customers and  just we feel like this will enable us to take additional market share on that side of the business. So thats why now. Brad, did you want to add anything to that or take the second part of the question?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Hi, good morning, Scot. I would just really echo what Greg said, Scot, in terms of you as well as anybody on the call knows how fragmented the DIFM side of the business is. And you know how really little share when you add up us and our public competitors on the  really the addressable DIFM share in the United States is still very small. And so I would just reiterate really what you said and what Greg said that its so important for us to convey that this is not a change in terms of our focus. We have built our company on service. We have built our company on relationships. And as you know, we built our company on the professional customer, and retail came later. And so this is not abandoning all the things that got us where we are and the things that are going to get us into the future. To your point on the timing of it, Greg had some great comments there. And the other thing I would say, Scot, is with everything that our industry and really everybody in the world has been through the last couple of years, especially our professional customers. Whether it be a shade tree mechanic to an independent garage to the national and regional accounts, we have not backed off of being out there, calling on them, meaning actually visiting their shops day in, day out, week in, week out. And an opportunity that we saw the last couple of years is our shops are telling us, I mean, our service is where it needs to be. Our teams in the stores, everything that you know weve done with inventory availability. And when it comes to the independents out there and the two-step-type model competitors as well as some of the specialty-type competitors that maybe just focused on a couple of categories, we just simply see an opportunity from our sales team and in the field to go out and with a rifle approach, target those areas; and with existing customers that may be buying a certain amount from us, maybe buying a certain amount from an independent in another amount from a true specialty company, consolidating that customer and truly getting a first and only call, and we feel very good about that.
Greg Johnson: And Scot, just on your second part of your question, I want to reiterate that this is a targeted approach. This is a very scientific approach were taking. This is not across the board. This price enhancement was done by category, by SKU. And we still feel like that based on our performance, our supply chain strength, that we can still charge a premium to our professional customers. So we do not feel like this is a race to the bottom. We do not feel like we are low-balling cost. Were just getting competitive with some of our competitors out there in the market to take additional market share.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Thanks a lot for the time guys.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Horvers of JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks, good morning. Ill be the second to ask about the pricing. I thought that was a great answer. I just want to focus on a couple of things. So first, going back to the introductory comment that you intentionally try not to be the lowest price in the market because you have the leading service model. Do you still expect that to be true going forward? And if some of this is just youre not passing along the inflation that youre experiencing, whats the risk that you actually lower the market  lower the low range of the market price range? Do you know what I mean?
Greg Johnson: Yes, Chris. On the first, we absolutely feel like that this makes us competitive in the marketplace. And as far as lowering, again, we are not doing this to be the lowest price in the marketplace. We feel like that there is tremendous value in the services that we provide and the relationships. You have to remember the professional customer, while price is important, were not seeing price is not important, whats more important to that professional customer is the relationship we have with them, the inventory availability that we have and our consistent performance and ability to get that part to them timely so they can complete the jobs theyre working on. Our professional customers will always prioritize that over price, again, assuming that were competitive on price. So we feel like this move will enable us to take additional market share both from existing customers and gain market share from customers we may not be getting business from today.
Tom McFall: Chris, to address your second part of your question, youre absolutely right. In many cases, due to the significant inflation  same-SKU inflation, it varies across product line. In many cases, this isnt reducing The Street price. Its just not taking that acquisition increase to The Street in price.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then as a follow-up, you talked about sort of targeting sort of product lines and categories where you see some specialty players having share. So can you maybe expand on that? Is this targeted at share with like national accounts? Is it up and down The Street mechanics? And to what extent it is something like, I dont know, like fuel injection lines that maybe have a certain degree of specificity where that specialty player provides differentiated sort of product?
Tom McFall: Well, Chris, this is Tom. Im going to start with the answer. So you know that the answer is going to be were not going to give that. But I really want to make sure that  were talking about a broad pricing strategy. We dont communicate the details of our pricing strategy. A lot of science, a lot of work goes into it, a lot of history. So were not going to get down into the details of what the program is. But in general, Ill turn it over to Brad for his comments.
Brad Beckham: Yes, Chris, I think whats important to talk about here is this isnt a, again, new strategy or initiative thats focused on one customer group. Again, this is going to  this is our commitment to everybody from the Shade Tree to the independent garages to the regional players to the national accounts. And Chris, as you know, we still have a gap in footprint in a part of the  Northeast part of the country that keeps us from really being the first call for some of the national guys from a matchup standpoint. But what I would say, again, to remember is that while we have new opportunity for new customers always, one of the things that we really like about this is our existing customers that are buying a piece from us, maybe a piece from our public competitors, a really big piece from the independents and then another piece of their monthly purchases from a specialty company. And were already delivering to these shops. In some cases, were delivering part of the job that maybe they had to get another item from somewhere else. And so we just see tremendous opportunity. And our customers are telling us that with our inventory availability, our service, our people, if we can make some adjustments there, we really have a huge opportunity to turn into the first and only call for those garages.
Christopher Horvers: Makes sense. Thanks very much.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question is from Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys. Ill jump from pricing to supply chain. Could you talk about maybe the cadence of supply chain disruption? Or I think in prior quarters, we talked about some categories specifically being really hard from an import or production standpoint. Could you talk about how you saw your availability of inventory in the fourth quarter?
Greg Johnson: Yes, Bret, Ill start that, and then Ill see if Brent has anything to add because he lives that day in and day out. We have seen improvement. And when you talk about supply chain constraints over the past several months, its bigger than just supply and demand. Theres been a lot of facets to that. I would say that it has improved from overseas. Container availability has improved. We still have some port challenges. We still have some targeted suppliers, primarily suppliers that are operating in smaller markets domestically that are having  still having some labor issues. We got some raw material challenges that some of our suppliers are having. Overall, I would tell you that our fill rate from our DCs to our stores has improved. I would tell you that our in-stock position at our stores has and continues to improve, and most of our suppliers overall fill rate has improved. Now that said, we still have some suppliers that are challenged, and we still work with those. I know Brent and his team, some of our suppliers there meeting with weekly or even multiple times a week to work through those constraints. Brent, did you want to add anything to that?
Brent Kirby: Yes. Bret, Greg gave a good summary. I mean, I think we are seeing general trends of improvement, as he alluded to. We still have some spotty suppliers that were working more closely with than others. But generally, were encouraged by what were seeing, and we anticipate that improvement to continue, hopefully, as we work through the first half of the year and into the back half of the year.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. And my follow-up question is going to be on price. But you said youre going to be competitive in the markets. And I guess, given your higher service levels and historically higher in-stocks than peers, can you be priced still above those peers just given the other values you offer in the transaction? Or are you thinking by competitive, do you mean youll be priced on a dollar basis in line?
Greg Johnson: No. Bret, we still feel like we can be priced at a higher price point than our competitors based on the services we provide, which has been our historic stance on this. Tom, did you
Tom McFall: The thing that Id point to, Bret, is we have a wide range of competitors, and Brad touched on them earlier. Some compete solely on price. A lot of specialty one-line suppliers, they get business by being absolutely the lowest price, and thats not our business model. So when we say were going to be more, were going to be within a competitive range. Obviously, it depends on how expensive the part is. If its $1 part, youre $1 over, thats a heck of a lot. If youre $1 over and its a $100 part, thats a different thing. And what we got to remember is the biggest cost for professional installers is theyre lat. And that ability to turn those bays is what turns their profit. So we want to make sure that were pricing holistically for the quality of the product, the availability of the product, the team that we offer, services that we offer. So we look at it in aggregate. But there is always going to be someone, and we talked about it in our prepared comments, wholl be the lowest price. And if thats how you sustain your business, if somebody comes along, decides to drop the price, youre going to be in trouble. And we want to have a relationship and a partnership with our professional shops that help them make money over the long-term.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: And our next question from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich: Thanks. I guess Id love to go to the guidance on the top line, the five to seven comp guide. I think you said it was mid-single-digit inflation in that. And assuming that mix is still positive. Is it fair to say units will be flat or even slightly down this year?
Tom McFall: So five to seven  that mid-single digit within the five to seven was specifically for the DIY side of the business, and we would expect it to be sure on the ticket count there. Because of the price  the professional price initiative, we wont see as robust an increase in same-SKU inflation on the professional side. So we need to generate a meaningful increase in average ticket on the professional side, so that  your numbers are right, but that was just for the DIY side.
Greg Melich: Got it. Thanks. And then I guess the follow-up linked to that is, if we look at the gross margin rate in your guidance this year versus last year, I guess, LIFO is maybe 50 bps. Could you give us how much of it is the pro pricing initiative versus just the normal mix change you would expect to pro outperformance?
Tom McFall: So Greg, youve picked up on a good point. Part of it is going to be just a mix shift. As professional grows faster than DIY because theyre buying on volume, the gross margin is lower. We also have the benefit of the supply chain. I would tell you that the professional pricing is larger than LIFO, but were not going to get into parsing out because the next well be talking about our distribution costs, and thats something we just dont do.
Greg Melich: Got it. Thats helpful. Thanks and good luck.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Greg.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: And our next question from Michael Baker of D.A. Davidson.
Michael Baker: Hi, thanks a lot. I wish I could add something not about pricing, but this is the topic. So  what do you expect the competitive response to be? Do you have any precedent for doing something like this? And what have you seen competitors do? And I guess, related to that, just to be clear, who is  who do you think youre taking share from, from this initiative? It sounds like its more about taking share from smaller players rather than your big public competitors, but I just wanted to confirm that.
Brad Beckham: Hey Mike, this is Brad. Ill jump in there and see what Greg and Tom have to say about it. But on  Ill answer the share question. And on the share, its hard a little bit to always tell exactly where its coming from. But I would say that what were seeing, its more from the  more of the mid-tier, maybe the mediocre or maybe the weaker, independent competitors that have struggled the last couple of years with supply and things like that. Mike, as you know, as good as anybody, I mean, we have tremendous public competitors that we have the utmost respect for and then we have these regional competitors that are the strong, strong independent two-step-type competitors that not too long ago, we were in the Ozarks and kind of our old part of the company. But I would just say on the share that were seeing a lot of different things, but the majority of the opportunity we see is with the smaller independents and the ones that have struggled the last couple of years.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Mike, on what the reaction would be, I can tell you based on the test that we were in, in multiple markets before rolling this out, the reaction was obviously favorable or we wouldnt have rolled it out company-wide.
Michael Baker: When you say the reaction, so I mean the competitive reaction, not the customer reaction. So when you say the competitive reaction was favorable, I presume that means you didnt necessarily see them drop price as well?
Greg Johnson: Yes.
Tom McFall: Thats correct, Michael. We can  obviously, our competitors are going to do what they do with their price. I think we just want to stress that we are not setting the low market price here. So its not as if competitors that are winning business on price alone are not going to still be the lowest.
Michael Baker: Understood. Makes sense. And I think all these answers clarify the strategy quite a bit. So I appreciate that.
Tom McFall: Thank you
Operator: Our next question from Chris Bottiglieri of BNP Paribas.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. So my question is going to be, I guess, on inventory/inflation. So the inventory investment you spoke of plus 8%. It sounds like your guidance assumes kind of like flattish inflation, maybe even deflation for Q4 2022, I would think, with the price investments. So are you effectively just raising in-store inventory units or by year-end? And then do I have that right first? And then how do you think of the cadence of that inventory? Is it going to be pretty smooth as you throughout the year? Is it front-half loaded? I mean any context there would be helpful.
Tom McFall: This is Tom. Let me take a shot at that one. So when we talk about 8% increase, we dont have  and we talked about it for the last seven quarters, were not sitting on as much inventory as we would normally sit on because of supply constraints and because of the high volume. So part of it is to get back to where we normally would be. And part of it  these initiatives go back to our 2020 guidance. And I guess it would be the end of 2019 fourth quarter call where we had a plan to add to the hub-and-spoke network. So its a combination of those two items. When we look at how fast we can roll this inventory in, everybody in this room and everybody on our team would like to have it tomorrow. The question is, how fast can suppliers supply it? How fast can we push it through the distribution network? So this is, as Brent said earlier today, and he can add to this, this is going to be an all-year project. Were going to move a lot of units.
Greg Johnson: Yes. Again, Chris, this is not a new strategy. Its something weve had planned for a couple of years, but supply chain constraints and the volumes we pushed through our DCs in the last couple of years have just prohibited us from getting this inventory rolled out.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. That makes sense. And then a related question, on the LIFO, the $10 million, is that more like kind of a Q1-ish event? Or is it  are these slow-turning SKUs that would cause you to take that throughout the year? And then like  yes, thats it for me.
Tom McFall: A great question. That should all roll in, in the first quarter.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Chris.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Next question from Michael Lasser of UBS.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. What  as you were laying out your plan for 2022, what did you assume that the overall industry is going to grow at in the year ahead?
Tom McFall: Thats an interesting question, Michael. I think what we look at is when we look at inflation, what were going to anniversary in same-SKU inflation, I think thats a pretty reasonable number for the industry. I think well be pressured more on the DIY side. Professional will continue to grow faster, more resilience to those price increases. Of course, we build our plan from product line and store up, and its really independent of what the market is going to do. But our expectation is  as you know, has always been that we are going to grow faster than the market.
Michael Lasser: Yes. Obviously, the intent of the question was to try and size how much market share you expect to get for the price investments that youre going to be making. So is there another way to frame that out? And then Ill let you answer that, and then I have one quick follow-up.
Tom McFall: Okay. So there are a lot of puts and takes within what we think is going to happen with the business, both on the DIY and the professional side of the business. And we are confident that when we look at our gross margin dollars that this is going to be a winner for us. And weve rolled it out here in February, and we are very optimistic its going to exceed our expectations.
Michael Lasser: And my follow-up question is, do you expect this strategy, which will weigh on your gross margin and drive market share, to be unique to 2022? Your guidance implies that your gross margin rate this year is going to get back to levels that it was last at in 2013, 2014. So what are the chances that you will have to continue to execute this pricing and investment strategy beyond 2022 such that your gross margins are going to float lower even after this year?
Tom McFall: Well, the thing, I guess, I would point out is that percents are nice and dollars pay the bills. So I did see a note where in 2014, the gross margin percent was the same. But I would say that were about 98% more gross margin dollars, which is $3.5 billion. At the end of the day, were trying to figure out how we build a sustainable business that generates increasing operating profit dollars year-over-year. And we think that this initiative continues to move us in that direction. And after the number exercises, Ill turn it over to Greg.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Michael. We dont have any planned initiatives like this beyond this year. That said, as I said earlier, our pricing team consistently day in and day out looks at pricing in the marketplace. And we tweak the SKU up, the SKU down just to optimize our margin. So theres always changes in our pricing structure both  on both sides of our business, but we dont anticipate future larger-scale price reductions like this.
Michael Lasser: Okay. So Greg, just to clarify that you expect this year, youre going to make some price tweaks away in your gross margin. And then after this, it will be normal course of business to continue with what youve done in the past?
Greg Johnson: That is correct.
Michael Lasser: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom McFall: Thank you.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question from Daniel Imbro of Stephens.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking our question. Ill ask one, not on pricing. Greg, I wanted to ask one just on the customer. I think you mentioned the potential for customer repair deferrals during periods of inflation or maybe economic uncertainty. Just as we head into this year, as the low-end consumer feels pressure from broader inflation, are you seeing any indication early on of repair deferrals or something that make you think that could happen this year? And is there anything like that baked into the comp guidance youve given?
Greg Johnson: Yes, Daniel, we call that out as we often do because historically, weve seen those changes to that lower-income consumer being one of the first things they do. We have not. We have not seen any signs of our DIY or our professional customers for that matter trading down or deferring maintenance at this point.
Tom McFall: What I would add to that is weve seen pretty significant price increases. And to the extent when we look historically, when thats happened, DIY, especially on the lower end, we faced headwinds on customer transaction counts. And we anticipate some of that this year and have built that into the forecast.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Thats helpful color. And then I can ask a follow-up on SG&A. I think SG&A per store, it looks like at the midpoint, call it, 3% to 4% increase. I guess, one, is that right? And then two, with wages being as inflationary  Tom, you mentioned efficiency benefits earlier in kind of fixed costs, but are there any other initiatives you guys are doing to keep that at such a muted pace? I think we expect there to be more SG&A growth given the wage backdrop were seeing. So trying to understand whats driving that improvement. Thanks.
Tom McFall: So I think in our prepared comments, our math is around 2.5% increase. Last year, we were significantly above that, and sales were significantly above that. As Brad talked about in his prepared comments, we manage our SG&A at a micro level, especially store payroll, which is our biggest variable expense, to make sure that were taking opportunities to gain share but not getting out over our skis. So this is based on the sales forecast. To the extent that we exceed the sales forecast, it will be higher than this. To the extent we are less than the sales forecast, you better believe it will be less than this. So more of a normal  actually, higher than our normal run rate because our comp guides higher than our run rate. On the SG&A efficiencies, eight, nine years ago, we used to talk a lot about our initiatives, then they seem to become other peoples initiatives. So we tend not to go into detail on those.
Daniel Imbro: Fair enough. I appreciate the color and best of luck.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Daniel.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Daniel.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, James. Wed like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire OReilly team once again for their unwavering commitment to our customers and for their incredible performance in 2021. We look forward to another strong year in 2022. Id like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2022 first quarter results in April. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Adrian, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Tom McFall. Tom McFall, you may begin.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Adrian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2021 results and our updated outlook for the full-year. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain Forward-Looking Statements, and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for Forward-Looking Statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The Companys actual results could differ materially from any Forward-Looking Statements due to several important factors described in the Companys latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Third Quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Brad Beckham, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman; and Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President, are also present on the call. As we announced on last quarter's call, Brad will be providing prepared comments on today's call in Jeff's normal spot as we anticipate and prepare for Jeff's upcoming retirement in early 2022 after more than 33-years of distinguished and dedicated service to the Company. It is my pleasure to congratulate Team O'Reilly on yet another incredible performance in the third quarter and to thank every member of our team for their unwavering commitment to our company and to our customers. The highlights of our third quarter results include a 6.7% increase in comparable store sales on top of an impressive 16.9% increase in the third quarter of last year and a 14% increase in diluted earnings per share, which is all the more impressive considering we grew EPS 39% in the third quarter last year. We will walk through the details of our performance and our prepared comments today, but I don't want to miss an opportunity at the beginning of the call to express my sincere gratitude to our team for their relentless hard work and dedication as we continue to weather the pandemic. Our team has been incredibly resilient to the challenges we faced over the last year and a half and it would be very easy to take this for granted their ability to respond so well to this difficult environment. This is especially true since our team has been able to deliver quarter after quarter of record-breaking results. I can assure you it has been anything but easy. And our track record of consistency doesn't diminish the massive undertaking by Team O'Reilly to protect our customers and fellow team members while driving the highest sales of transaction volumes in the history of our company. So thank you, Team O'Reilly for your outstanding performance in the third quarter. I would now like to take a few minutes and provide some color around our sales performance for the quarter. Our comparable store sales performance has continued to track well ahead of our expectations, and we have been very pleased with both the consistency and broad-based nature of the strength of our top line. From a cadence perspective, our sales results were fairly consistent throughout the quarter with solid positive comparable store sales growth each month. September was the strongest month of the quarter, but the variability from month-to-month throughout the quarter was not significant on a two or three year stack basis. These very steady elevated sales levels continued to trend we drove in the second quarter despite not having a tailwind from government stimulus payments we saw in previous quarters. This top line sales strength has continued thus far in October and we continue to be pleased with the durable nature of the strong sales volumes we have been able to achieve. The components of our comparable store sales growth in the third quarter are consistent with our second quarter results with strong growth on the professional side of our business, paired with solid growth from DIY. While our professional business faced easier comparisons from the prior year than the DIY business, we were still up against a challenging comparison and are very pleased with our team's ability to drive historically strong comparable store sales on a one and two year stack basis. We also continue to be very happy with the performance of our DIY business as this side drove the greater outperformance as compared to our expectations against extremely difficult comparison in the prior year. Total ticket count comp for the third quarter were better than our expectations, but slightly negative as a result of pressure to DIY transaction counts due to the difficult comparisons and rising prices, which were partially offset by the growth in professional ticket counts. On last quarter's call, we commented that we expected to see incremental - I'm sorry, we expected to see increased inflation in the back half of the year. However, third quarter inflation was either even higher than our expectations. Our third quarter average ticket increase was aided by an increase in same SKU selling prices of approximately 5.5% as acquisition cost increases were passed along in selling price. As price levels have risen in the broader economy, demand in our industry has been resilient, and we continue to see strength in average ticket on a one and two year stack basis beyond the impact of same SKU inflation. However, we remain cautious in regard to our inflation outlook as we would expect some partial offsets same-SKU benefit as continued rising prices may cause more economically challenged customers to defer non-critical maintenance or trade down the product value spectrum. Finally, we drove solid sales volumes across all of our product categories with especially strong performance in undercar hard part categories, offsetting some of the pressure in appearance and accessory categories, which are up against extremely strong comparisons after growing at historically high levels in 2020. On a year-to-date basis, for the first nine-months of 2021, our comparable store sales growth of 12.9% and our two year stack comp of 23.6% were well above our expectations coming into this year. As the pandemic recovery has progressed, we remain cautious as to the lasting effect of demand tailwinds our industry has experienced and candidly, had anticipated more moderation of the historically high growth rates we generated in 2020. Each month, as we move further past the significant government stimulus and enhanced unemployment benefits, the stability of demand in our business is very encouraging and reflects the continued willingness for consumers to invest in repairing and maintaining their vehicles in the face of an overall shortage of new and used vehicles and continued economic uncertainty. Similarly, we believe our strength of our professional business reflects the return to more daily commutes for many of the vehicle owners who professional customers serve. And we expect the gradual improvement in miles driven trends to continue and provide a benefit to the aftermarket as the recovery moves forward. Beyond the macroeconomic tailwinds in our industry, it is also clear to us that we are taking share and capitalizing on the opportunities to meet our customer needs in a very challenging environment. As we discussed in our earnings release yesterday, we are increasing our full-year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 10% to 12% from our previous range of 5% to 7%. This increase reflects our year-to-date performance through our press release and also anticipate solid business trends through the end of the year. As I have already indicated, we have seen a high degree of consistency in our top line sales volume for several months now, and we feel it appropriate to revise our expectations as we near the completion of the fiscal year. However, the fourth quarter can be a volatile period, especially in light of possible further impacts from the pandemic, rising price levels, variability in winter weather and the holiday shopping season and potential economic shock from the higher gas prices. Now I would like to move on to the gross margin performance for the quarter. Our third quarter gross margin of 52.3 was a 13 basis point decrease from our third quarter 2020 gross margin and was in line with our expectations we discussed on the second quarter call. While the stronger performance of our professional business put mixed pressure on the gross margin percentage, I want to spend a little time walking through two other dynamics that drove our gross margin results. First, we have seen higher-than-normal broad-based increases in acquisition and input costs in our industry. One of the defining features of the automotive aftermarket throughout our history is the ability of the industry to leverage pricing power to pass through cost increases to end-user consumers with minimal impact to demand due to the essential nondiscretionary nature of the products we sell. The cost increases we have seen during the current inflationary environment represent broader-based inflation than we have seen for some time. However, we did see significant inflation during 2018 and 2019 on certain product lines caused by tariffs. Consistent with the 2018, 2019 time period, we have continued to see rational pricing in our industry and are very confident this will continue moving forward. Our pricing philosophy overtime is to attempt to achieve consistent gross margin rates as a percentage of sales and higher gross profit dollars in line with the sales growth, which serves to offset similar cost pressures and SG&A expenses. However, as we have discussed in the past, similar to the 2018, 2019 period of rising acquisition costs, we are currently benefiting from an enhanced gross margins as a result of increased prices on the sell-through of products purchased prior to the cost increases. The second gross margin dynamic I want to discuss today is the continued pressure we are seeing on distribution costs. As we discussed on last quarter's call, our distribution infrastructure is facing inefficiencies due to the massive sales spikes over the past six quarters, the difficult labor environment and global logistics challenges. We operate a high-service, high-touch distribution model, and we are fully committed to protecting and enhancing our competitive advantage in industry-leading parts availability. Our dedicated supplier partners, corporate supply chain team, an extraordinarily hard working distribution team members continue to do an amazing job navigating one of the most challenging supply chain environments we have seen in our careers. And we have taken specific targeted steps and incurred incremental expense to respond to the hurdles we are facing. Ultimately, we do believe these pressures will abate and conditions will normalize and be more conducive to driving appropriate leverage of our distribution cost. But we will continue to prioritize inventory availability and take necessary steps to ensure excellent customer service, which is a fundamental driver of our long-term success. As a result of these puts and takes, we are maintaining our gross margin guidance of 52.2% to 52.7% for the full-year, but we now anticipate finishing the year in the bottom half of that range. Before handing the call off to Brad, I would like to highlight our third quarter earnings per share increase of 14% to $8.07 with a year-to-date increase of 29% to $23.45. Our third quarter EPS growth comes on top of our growth of 39% in the third quarter of 2020, resulting in a two year compounded quarterly growth rate of 26%. We are raising our full-year earnings per share guidance to $29.25 to $29.45, which at the midpoint now represents an increase of 25% compared to 2020 and a two year compounded annual growth rate of 28%. This increase in full-year guidance is driven by our strong year-to-date results, updated sales expectations for the remainder of 2021 and excellent operating profit flow-through, which Brad will provide more detail on shortly. As a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. To conclude my comments, I want to again thank Team O'Reilly for their tremendous hard work and dedication to delivering our culture and taking care of our customers every day. I will now turn the call over to Brad Beckham. Brad.
Brad Beckham: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin today by echoing Greg's comments and congratulating Team O'Reilly on another outstanding quarter. As I stepped into Jeff's role on this call and provide commentary on our operating performance, I consider it a huge privilege to represent our team of over 80,000 dedicated professionals in our stores field operations, distribution centers and offices. Team O'Reilly has established a tremendous history of consistently excellent performance, building on the foundation established by the O'Reilly family beginning in 1957, but the last year plus of record-breaking results has been truly amazing. The single biggest driving factor of these results is the quality of our team and our unrelenting commitment to excellent customer service. As Greg previously discussed, our sales growth was very consistent throughout the quarter and solid on both sides of our business. Our team's commitment to our dual market strategy and our culture of excellent customer service has us well positioned to capitalize on the strong industry backdrop. We have been able to leverage our competitive advantages to meet the challenges of operating in an extremely difficult environment and deliver an attractive value proposition to our customers, including many customers who are new to O'Reilly. As strong as our results have been, we know we still have significant opportunities to enhance the great service we provide to customers and gain additional market share, and our teams are dedicated to improving our business every day. I would now like to provide some color on our SG&A expenses and operating profit for the quarter. Operating profit dollars in the third quarter grew by 4% compared to the third quarter of 2020 and are up an incredible 41% above our operating profits we generated two years ago in 2019. Our SG&A dollar spend per store for the third quarter was up 8% over 2020, which is significantly higher than our typical growth in operating expenses. This is a result of the cost reduction measures we executed last year in response to the uncertainty around the pandemic as well as expenses incurred in 2021 in store payroll, incentive compensation and variable operating expenses to drive our sales growth. While our third quarter 2021 SG&A expense of 30.6% of sales represented a 78 basis point increase over 2020, it significantly outperformed our expectations as a result of our robust sales performance and solid expense control. As a reminder, last year's third quarter SG&A expense levered 344 basis points and generated a level of profitability that was unique to the specific circumstances that we were facing at the point in the pandemic and was not sustainable nor appropriate for our long-term business. While this unusually difficult comparison created pressure on our year-over-year SG&A expense rate, we are very pleased with the improvement in our profitability on a two year stack. On this basis, our SG&A percentage is 266 basis points lower than our third quarter 2019 SG&A rate as our team was able to drive significantly higher top line sales growth than the rate of our SG&A increases. Based upon our results year-to-date and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we are now estimating our full-year increase in SG&A per store to be approximately 8%, which is below our comparable store sales guidance despite the extremely difficult comparisons. We are also increasing our operating profit guidance by 50 basis points to a range of 21% to 21.4%. Expense control is a core value of our culture, and we manage operating expenses on a store-by-store month-to-month basis. While all levels of SG&A growth and our improvements in operating profitability are larger than we have seen in recent history, our priorities for how we deploy operating expenses remain unchanged. Our top priority is to ensure we are providing excellent customer service and ensuring we lead the industry in the value we provide to our customers. We have a very high standard for service, and we are relentless in developing long-term and loyal customer relationships through consistent daily execution of our business model. These relationships are the foundation of our business and the key to future growth. We also prudently manage our expenses to capitalize on opportunities to grow market share and operating profit dollars through enhancements to the customer service tools we provide our teams. Next, I would like to provide an update on our store growth during the quarter. During the third quarter, we opened 30 new stores, bringing our year-to-date total to 146 net new store openings across 40 states. This pace sets us up well to achieve our plan of 165 to 175 net new stores for 2021. Logistical supply and governmental challenges continue to make new store development difficult, but our teams are diligently grinding away to open great new store locations with outstanding teams, and we continue to be pleased with our new store performance and our opportunities for future growth. For 2022, we expect to open between 175 and 185 net new stores in the U.S. and Mexico. And these store openings will again be in both new and existing markets as we have capacity to support profitable growth across our distribution footprint. In addition to investments we are making to grow our business with expansion into new markets, we continue to reinvest in our existing stores and distribution infrastructure with a particular focus on supporting and enhancing our industry-leading inventory availability. Our ability to provide our customers all the parts they need to complete their repair faster than our competitors is critical to earning repeat business and gaining new market share. The vast number of different parts needed to service the U.S. light vehicle fleet means no store could ever stock enough parts to service any given trade area. Every store in our chain has a unique inventory tailored to that store specific trade area that we deploy to provide immediate access to those products with the highest demand. To further enhance our availability, we are pursuing ongoing initiatives to aggressively add incremental dollars to our store level inventories above the typical annual investment for new stores and product updates. During the strong sales environment this year, rolling out the full scope of these initiatives had to take a backseat to the replenishment needs of our stores but we still see significant opportunities to increase our market share by beefing up the inventory that sets closest to our customers and will execute on a larger investment in 2022. To support the demand for less requested parts, our stores receive overnight deliveries from 1 of our 28 regional distribution centers, supplemented by multiple deliveries per day, 7 days a week if the store is located in the market area of one of our DCs. For stores that aren't located in close proximity to a DC, including stores in a very large metro area with a longer drive time to the DC, we utilized a hub and spoke network with hub store stocking additional parts depth to support surrounding stores through multiple daily deliveries. Hub stores carry between two and four times the SKU count of a normal store depending on the market area. We continue to aggressively enhance our hub network with not only upgrades, but the addition of new hubs, which are typically of the larger variety. These large investments are critical to support our store team's ability to provide exceptional customer service. Before I turn it over to Tom, I want to thank Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our Companys success. With one quarter left in 2021, we have had an amazing year so far, but we will continue to stay focused on finishing the year strong. As always, the key to our success is providing unwavering customer service that surpasses expectations and continues to earn our customers' business, and Im confident in our team's ability to continue our tremendous success. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks Brad. I would also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their continued hard work and commitment to excellent customer service, which drove our tremendous third quarter and year-to-date performance. Now we will take a closer look at our third quarter results and add some additional color to our updated 2021 guidance. For the quarter, sales increased $272 million comprised of a $210 million increase in comp store sales, a $58 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $4 million increase in non-comp non-store sales. For the full-year of 2021, we now expect our total revenue to be between $12.9 billion and $13.2 billion, up from our previous guidance of $12.3 billion to $12.6 billion based on our strong year-to-date top line performance and our continued confidence in our team. Greg covered our gross margin performance earlier, but I want to provide additional details on our positive LIFO impact. For the third quarter, the LIFO impact was $43 million compared to no material benefit in the prior year. As a reminder, the positive LIFO impact is a byproduct of the reversal of our historic LIFO debit. Since 2013, due to negotiated acquisition price decreases, our calculated LIFO inventory balances exceeded the value of our inventory at replacement cost. And we elected the conservative approach to not write up inventory value beyond our replacement cost. As a result of this accounting, we have seen a benefit from rising cost and price levels via the sell-through of lower-cost inventory purchased prior to the recent cost increases. However, during the third quarter of 2021, our LIFO reserve flipped back to a credit balance as a result of inflation and acquisition costs. And moving forward, we expect to be back to typical LIFO accounting and no longer valuing inventory at a lower replacement cost. As a result, we anticipate a benefit from the final sell-through of the remaining lower cost inventory will hit primarily in the fourth quarter of 2021 and will no longer be a tailwind beyond that. We will provide gross margin guidance for 2022 on our fourth quarter earnings call, but I wanted to outline this switch back to a LIFO credit since it will have the impact of being a declining benefit moving forward, which we anticipate will in part be offset by expected future normalization and distribution costs. Our third quarter effective tax rate was 22.5% of pretax income comprised of a base rate of 24.2%, reduced by a 1.7% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the third quarter of 2020 rate of 23.2% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.4%, reduced by a 1.2% benefit for share-based compensation. The third quarter of 2021 base rate was in-line with our expectations. And for 2021 full-year, we continue to expect to see a lower fourth quarter base tax rate due to the expected tolling of certain tax periods and realizing benefits from renewable energy tax credits. For the full-year of 2021, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of approximately 23%. These expectations assume no significant changes to existing tax codes. Also, variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our tax rate. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results as well as our updated expectations for 2021. Free cash flow for the first nine-months of 2021 was $2.2 billion, up from $1.9 billion for the first 9 months of 2020. With the improvement driven by an increase in net income, a larger benefit from our net inventory investment and a larger prior investment in solar projects, partially offset by a reduced benefit from accrued tax withholdings resulting from the ability to defer certain payroll tax payments in 2020 under the provisions of the CARES Act. We do anticipate additional investments in solar projects in the fourth quarter of 2021. For the full-year of 2021, we now expect free cash flow to be in the range of two billion to 2.3 billion, up $500 million at the midpoint from our previous guidance based on our strong year-to-date operating profit and cash flow performance and our net inventory performance. Inventory per store at the end of the third quarter was 633,000, which was down 3% from the beginning of the year but up 1% from this time last year, driven by the extremely strong sales volumes and supply chain constraints. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the third quarter was 126%, which matched the all-time high our Company set at the end of the second quarter and was heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns over the last year. We now anticipate our year-end AP to inventory ratio to finish near a similar level. However, over time, as we increase inventory levels, we expect to see moderation in this ratio. Capital expenditures for the first nine-months of 2021 were $341 million, which was down $23 million from the same period of 2020, primarily driven by the timing of expenditures for new store and DC development activities and strategic initiatives. As we look to the remainder of the year, we still see tremendous opportunity to deploy capital to enhance our service offerings and capitalize on growth opportunities. But we would now expect for some of those investments to be pushed into 2022. As a result, we are revising our CapEx forecast to come in between $450 million and $550 million for the year. Moving on to debt. We finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.75 times as compared to our end of 2020 ratio of 20.3 times. With the reduction driven by a decrease in adjusted debt, including the redemption of 300 million of senior notes in the second quarter as well as substantial growth in our trailing 12-month EBITDAR. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times, and we will approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program. And during the third quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares at an average share price of $595.96 for a total investment of $943 million. Year-to-date, through our press release yesterday, we repurchased 4.1 million shares at an average price of $534.60 for a total investment of $2.2 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected future discounted cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. Before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to our customers and our company. Your hard work and commitment to excellent customer service continues to drive our outstanding performance. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I would like to ask Adrian, the operator, to turn to the line, and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now being the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Hi good morning. Another nice quarter. So the first question I want to ask. It was commented in the prepared remarks about pricing and the impact upon demand. And I'm recognizing that there is some conservatism as you look forward. But I guess the question I have is, are you seeing indications now that as prices have risen, the consumers are either shifting away from products or there is some hesitation to buy certain items in your stores?
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Brian. What I would tell you is we have not seen any significant movement thus far. We called that out as a possibility going forward if fuel prices continue to rise and continue to be challenges within the general economy. But so far, we haven't. What might happen or what has happened historically during times where consumer spending drops off to a degree as consumers may defer things like oil changes out beyond their normal oil change intervals or trade down the value spectrum. We really haven't seen that. Over the last several quarters, we have really done a nice job of promoting some of our proprietary branded products. And we have seen a shift to some of those proprietary brands like, for example, SYNTEC motor oil. And what we have seen is those shifts are more related to us promoting those products than a shift downward in buying habits. Those are really planned shifts. But I would say unpredicted shifts or surprises, we have not seen those thus far.
Brian Nagel: That is really helpful. And the second or the follow-up question I have, a separate different topic, but with maybe kind of bigger picture in nature. But with regard to sales, I mean, clearly, the business is performing extraordinarily well here and continuing to perform well from a sales perspective, as we move past, like you said, past the benefits of stimulus, past while COVID still a factor maybe past some of the disruptions or even benefits of COVID. So as you look at your business and then compare it now to say, pre-pandemic levels, what do you think is really driving it. I mean, is there certain factors you can point to that are just kind of underpinning this continued better than pre-pandemic sales levels?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. I will start that, and I will see if Brad might have something to add. Brian, there are several things that are going on right now in the economy that short term are probably impacting that. And a couple of those things I called out is the availability of new cars and the availability and extended pricing on used cars today. It is not cost-effective. People are paying as much for a two year-old used car as what sticker prices on a new car because new cars are not available. And I think that is driving more people to maintain their existing vehicles more so than perhaps they did pre-pandemic. Also, I think during the pandemic, we saw a trend of more traditional white collar employees and employers and people in general doing some of the things themselves that historically they may not have done. So that trend may be extending as well, which would support the DIY side of our business. So I think those things in combination are drivers that are positively impacting our sales volume as of recent and throughout the pandemic. Brad, did you want to add anything to that?
Brad Beckham: Yes hi, good morning Brian. The only other thing I would add to what Greg said, it is just what I mentioned earlier, just about new customers. When I'm out in the field and I have been quite a bit here lately seeing our teams and had them on the back and talking to customers on both sides of the business. We are seeing a lot of new customers, Brian. And again, on both sides of the business and back to your original question, what we are seeing is a huge need. While prices are higher, we are seeing a huge need for value. And as you well know, with the nondiscretionary nature of our business, like Greg mentioned, with us totally focused on our supply chain, executing better than anybody else out there. Our delivery times and turning those base for the customers and all the value that we know we can create on that front counter with our professional parts people highly focused on retention right now. And we just see our teams doing a great job winning those new customers. And then when we win them over, we impress them with our service levels.
Gregory Johnson: And Brian, one more additional thing. I think part of the growth we are seeing is we are taking some market share. I said that in our prepared comments and you look at industry reporting on our performance across the board against the remainder of market, we continue to outperform in most categories. And I think that we are taking market share. And I think as challenged as our supply chain has been, as large of a company as we are in the buying power that we represent, I have to think that some of these smaller companies are having more supply chain challenges perhaps than we are, which is supporting our market share gains.
Brian Nagel: That is all very helpful. Congrats again. Thank you.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks Brian.
Brad Beckham: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Zachary Fadem: So first one for Tom. Your ex-LIFO gross margin was about 51% in Q3, which is about 100 basis point step down versus Q2, if I'm calculating that right. So first question is, how much would you view the step down as transitory due to the supply chain factors today and then as we look to 2022, is it fair to expect the core ex-LIFO gross margin to hover around this 51% level? Or is a return to the 52% level the right way to think about it?
Thomas McFall: Well, Zach, there is a lot of moving pieces in margin right now as prices have gone up dramatically in a short period of time. To answer your first question, ex-LIFO would that have been the margin. I think that because we have product that we purchased at a lower cost, it allows us to maybe be a little more prudent in the timing of raising prices and doing that in a smart way with our customers to make sure that we don't have a shock value. So I'm not sure that I would say that, that is how - absent that ability to leverage that benefit that we may have run prices through a little bit different, not saying we are not going to eventually run all the prices through. The second I might tell you is that when we look at our gross margin, we had a big LIFO benefit, but we also had a similar headwind from distribution. So over time, we will balance those. We feel like we have been pretty consistent in the gross margin percentage we have run over time. Obviously, since over the last 10-years since we purchased CSK and worked on a lot of outsourcing - I'm sorry, sourcing to the most economical countries in private label, we have increased our gross margin substantially over that period. But over the last couple of years, it is been pretty consistent. And although we are not going to guidance on this call for next year, we wouldn't anticipate dramatic changes in our overall gross margin.
Zachary Fadem: Got it. So in terms of the broader laundry list of supply chain inflationary pressures across all retail. You have called out product and DC costs. We are also dealing with higher freight and port delays and labor and product availability issues. So when you think about all these pinch points impacting your business today, could you talk about which ones are most front and center for you. Which aspects have been more manageable? And would you say we have reached peak pressure or do you still think there is incremental headwinds from here in the upcoming months?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Zach, this is Greg. I will take this one. I don't think we are near the end of this, unfortunately. Obviously, the backlog, you watch the news, the backlog of ships in China, at port in the U.S., various ports in the U.S. and on the water continues to be pressured and challenged. When you talk about our supply chain, you have to think about it sequentially. And really, the pressure started in the DC just based on the sheer volumes that they've experienced over the past several quarters. And to compound that, those volumes came at a time where the supply and demand of human capital was way out of balance. And it is very, very difficult, as everyone knows, to hire in the environment that we have been in the last several months or past few quarters. Now we have seen some improvement since some of the government stimulus and unemployment benefits have subsided but we are still having some challenges staffing up in some of our DCs. The good news is, from a DC perspective, we are showing continued improvement, and our DCs are getting caught up and we are working hard to make sure we are positioned to be prepared for future growth in 2022 and make sure that our staffing levels are adequate and we are working on continued productivity gains and get our distribution costs more in line with where they were. So that was really the initial component of the supply chain crisis, but then you compound that with increased freight charges, I think most everyone has heard the variation in container shipping cost from as low as $3,000 in 2021 up to recently as high as $18,000 to $20,000 per container equivalent and that has been a challenge. And then just everything that we face seems to compound. Now there is rationing of electricity in China. So all these things have compounded the issues and the timing has been a challenge the way these things have layered on. What I will tell you is that we, from a distribution perspective, we are in much better shape than we were this time last quarter as recently as then. From a supply chain perspective, we continue to work on - our strategy is to have multiple suppliers for most of our major product categories to mitigate any risk, and we are leveraging current suppliers and additional suppliers in order to try to get product. And we are seeing improvement on product flow, but it is still a lot longer tail from order to delivery than what it typically is.
Zachary Fadem: Thanks for the color. I appreciate the time.
Gregory Johnson: You bet.
Operator: And we have a question coming from Greg Melich from Evercore. Your line is open.
Gregory Melich: Hi, thanks. Really two questions. One, first on the pricing. You mentioned that you came in stronger than you thought for all the cost reasons. And Tom, it would be fair to say that, that 5.5, if that is what was realized in the third quarter, it should actually be more than that year-over-year as we look into the fourth quarter and beyond, just given the way pricing flows through?
Thomas McFall: Well, we would expect it to be a strong number again in the fourth quarter. Optimistic that some of the supply chain items will write themselves, but we will have more view on that on our fourth quarter call for next year.
Gregory Melich: Got it. And then I think you mentioned that your second quarter EBIT margin was unsustainable and really not good for the long-term health of the company or something like that. So if this year ends up at 21%, 21.5%. I guess that is a new range. Is that a good healthy level to grow from?
Thomas McFall: Greg, just for clarification. The prepared comments on were related to the third quarter of 2021, where we let 344 basis points. That is not the right SG&A leverage - level for the company long term. We said that then, and we are back more in SG&A spend that is appropriate for the sales we are generating.
Gregory Melich: Okay. So I would say, given that, that was unusual, would you say now we are at a right base this year's margin at 21%, 21.5%?
Thomas McFall: Given the comp levels that we are at, yes. We are a multi-unit specialty retailer with a high fixed cost base, and we are able to generate exceptionally high sales volumes and increases, we see great leverage.
Gregory Melich: Got it. And I guess my last on this is just to make sure I got the math right. If the comp was 6.7% in the quarter, and price was 5.5% and traffic was slightly down or tick accounts. Is the difference just mix and units in the basket?
Thomas McFall: Well, we have a long-term trend of increasing average ticket as the technology and complexity of parts on newer vehicles become more expensive, and that trend has continued.
Gregory Melich: Got it. Thank you.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks Greg.
Operator: And our next question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Simeon Gutman: Tom, is there a way to think about or how we should think about the impact of higher distribution cost, the weight of it on the gross margin. And then I guess, the second question on that is the gross came in at, I think, 53.1% pre-COVID, and I'm sure there was a LIFO impact in there. Now that your volumes are much higher, once supply chain things get back to normal, and I don't know when that is, why shouldn't your gross margin end up being higher than where we were pre-pandemic since there is just more volume in the system.
Thomas McFall: Simeon, would you repeat your first question again?
Simeon Gutman: It is basically, can you help us quantify the impact on gross margin from higher distribution or supply chain costs or inefficiency?
Thomas McFall: Got you. In the previous question, I commented that the LIFO benefit and the distribution headwinds were similar. And on the second question, when we look at our distribution centers. They are primarily a variable cost item. There is some leverage from having higher volumes to a point, and I think Greg talked about that on the last call in this call, if we get too much volume within our system, we end up with inefficiencies. So and the other part I would add to that is we are already one of the major suppliers of auto parts. So increased volumes don't necessarily mean a lower cost in the products we purchase at this point in our Companys life cycle.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. And maybe just a follow-up, maybe to Greg Johnson. Should market share gains continue at this outsized rate or now that there is so much that has happened, it is just going to be hard to maintain the level of outsized market share gains.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Simeon, that is a great question. I wish I had a great crystal ball answer for you. I mean, I think that first of all, this year, when we started the year, we projected flat to negative comps. We certainly didn't expect for our comp growth to continue to be as strong as they have been in 2022. Considering that a lot of the stimulus and benefits have subsided and our sales have remained strong. Our expectation would be for the aftermarket as a whole to continue to perform well going forward. And we will certainly continue to be a consolidator and continue to try to grow our market share going forward as well.
Simeon Gutman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Baker from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Michael Baker: Hey guys thanks. I suspect I know the answer to this question, but when you do the implied sort of fourth quarter comp in your full-year guidance, you get somewhere - I get somewhere at the midpoint around 2% or 3%, which would be a pretty big slowdown on both a two and a three year basis relative to the first few quarters, which saw a remarkably consistent trends on a two and three year basis. And your commentary is suggesting that things are continuing. So why the lower guidance. Is it just conservatism. Is it just the unknown of not having the government stimulus, even though that doesn't seem to be impacting your business or is it something else that I'm not thinking about?
Gregory Johnson: Well, I guess I would better answer that one because it sounds like a math question. We kept the 2% full-year guidance range because that is what we had given all year and at 10% to 12%. So the math for what the variability for the fourth quarter needs to be to reach those is pretty extensive. So we will have to look at whether we want to do that next year, tighten the range. I would say the math for us works out a little different that it works out 1% to 9%. Obviously, we don't anticipate that side of a range of outcomes.
Michael Baker: Okay. So you are saying you are - just to clarify, I got an implied range of somewhere around down 1% to plus 6% and 2% to 3% at the midpoint. You are saying that the better math would be somewhere around 1% to 9% or about what is that, about 5% at the midpoint. A, is that what you are saying, just so we are all clear? And then b, again, that does imply a pretty big slowdown on a two year basis. Just conservatism in that?
Gregory Johnson: The implied range is 1% to 9%. The range was unintended. It was more based on continuing - giving annual guidance in the same fashion we gave it in the first 3 quarters.
Michael Baker: Okay, understood. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hey good morning guys. On the topic of share gain, I mean, it sounded as if you guys were picking up some share in undercar hard parts last quarter, which I think you guys called out as a strong category. Could you talk maybe about the cadence? Are you seeing the smaller or larger competitors seeing increasing difficulties or are things getting better in the supply chain that is allowing that than to hold share better as the quarter progressed?
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Bret, I will say a few things here and then let Brad comment on what he is hearing from the field. He is closer to the store operators than Im on a day-to-day basis. But generally, as I said, I - while we really have no way of knowing other than the more macro view by category on industry reporting. The perception is, and we feel pretty strongly that this is the case that considering the supply chain pressures that we are facing, the smaller players would have to be facing at least equal to, if not much greater pressures, which would be impacting their in-stock position and their ability to comp as strongly as we have. Brad, you want to add anything to that?
Brad Beckham: Yes. As you well know, we have a tremendous respect for all our competitors. I have been here 25-years this year, and I grew up competing against some very strong independents and the independents that are still alive and well in the United States are pretty tough competitors and very tough on the professional side, as you know, better than anybody, and we have equal amount of respect for our larger retail competitors that have gotten better in some areas of professional. But when I think of share gains, I definitely think there is something to what Greg mentioned in terms of some of maybe the struggling independents and maybe some of the mediocre or weaker independent competitors. But again, as you know, the big strong independence in the United States are very tough. But Bret, me and my team, what we spend our time on is a little bit less of where the share gains are coming from and more about what we know works and what we are doing right now that is equaling share gains. And those things are just around some of the things we mentioned earlier. We talked about supply chain struggles. But as you well know, the supply chain struggles are a level playing field for everybody, us and our competitors in the United States, and it is about who is going to step up and execute better under the conditions. And I'm just extremely proud of our supply chain team from distribution to merchandise inventory control that gives my team in the stores not many excuses. They have done a tremendous job backing stuff when it comes to what Greg said earlier. They are getting better every month, even though we still do have challenges in there ensuring we have the right part at the right place at the right time. And we feel like that is a big part of the gains. We also feel like that as you have always heard us talk, our professional parts people, what we are doing with our shops, creating value, better delivery times, helping them get a car off the rack and just really our professional parts people. And everything we focus on in our stores is really what is equaling those gains.
Bret Jordan: I appreciate that. And I guess, last quarter, you guys talked about some standout suppliers that - or issues with suppliers in certain categories that were material challenges. Are you seeing, I guess, the supply chain issues moderating, I mean, are there big holes in in-stocks or is it just sort of tough across the board, but no real areas to call out?
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Bret. I mean some of the categories we talked about last quarter, we are still having challenges with. Maybe some of those challenges have changed or evolved. Some of those challenges may have been labor-related for domestic suppliers last quarter and it is transitioned more to raw material or component challenges now coming from China. But our suppliers, as a whole, are doing a good job. We have got some suppliers, especially those with products coming out of China that continue to struggle. Another challenge, and I keep sounding like a broken record here of all the woes and challenges we are facing. But it has been the most challenging supply chain year in my 40-year career in the industry is on top of everything else, some of the things we haven't talked about was simple things that you might not consider like the freeze in Houston earlier this year that is impacted the production of plastic bottles and additives for oil. And some of those things still linger within the industry. So some of the issues have subsided or lessened. Some of them have become more material. So I think on a category-by-category basis, supplier-by-supplier, as a whole. We are starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel. It is just how much further is the track to get us to that light what we are trying to determine now.
Bret Jordan: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Katie McShane from Goldman Sachs.
Katharine McShane: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking our question. Tom, you had mentioned towards the end of the prepared comments about reducing the CapEx and pushing some investments out. Is there a way to quantify or not quantify, but list what some of those investments would be?
Thomas McFall: Well, so when we look at our store DC growth, just getting some of the work done has been a challenge. We look at updating our over-the-road truck fleet and our store fleet to more fuel-efficient vehicles with safety features. That was a big initiative this year, obviously, getting new small, like cars and trucks have been tough this year. Some of our store development isn't quite as far ahead as we would like, there are supply chain issues within construction materials and there is a lot of construction going on. So those are the general items that have been pushed into next year.
Katharine McShane: Okay. Great. And if we could just go back to the question on what the comp guidance implies for Q4. I wondered if you could tell us what you are thinking with regards to how much price would influence that comp range in Q4?
Thomas McFall: We would expect that it would be at least as much as this quarter.
Katharine McShane: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Adrian. We would like to conclude our call today by again thanking the 80,000 team members of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and dedication to our ongoing success. You have proven time and time again that the relentless focus on providing consistent, excellent customer service is the key to long-term profitable growth. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter earnings and full-year results in February. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Victor, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Victor. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our second quarter 2021 results and our updated outlook for the full year of 2021. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Second Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. Greg Henslee, our Executive Chairman; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. I would also like to welcome Brad Beckham, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales, who is joining us for his first call. I'd like to begin our call today by expressing my gratitude to Team O'Reilly for the hard work you've put into delivering yet another outstanding performance this quarter. We don't take for granted the exceptional results you generated in the second quarter nor the high level of execution required every day to produce these results. So thank you, Team O'Reilly for continuing to demonstrate why you are the best in the business. Our second quarter results were headlined by a robust 9.9% increase in comparable store sales and a 17% increase in diluted earnings per share. These results are especially impressive as they were achieved on top of a 16.2% comparable store sales growth and 57% increase in diluted earnings per share, we delivered in the second quarter of last year. Over the past 5 quarters, since the onset of the pandemic, we have grown earnings per share an average of 44% per quarter, and this is truly remarkable performance. And this truly remarkable performance was achieved through our team's selfless dedication and focus on safety while at the same time providing excellent customer service. Congratulations Team O'Reilly on another exceptional quarter. Before we dive into our results, I'd like to take a moment to extend my congratulations to Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President, on his upcoming retirement. As we noted in yesterday's press release, Jeff has decided to retire in early 2022 after more than 33 years of dedicated service to the company and his fellow team members. Jeff is an incredible leader and mentor and passionate about providing consistent, excellent customer service. His career track is a prime example of our company's promote from within philosophy. Having begun his O'Reilly tenure as a parts specialist on the counter, he has grown his career by being a key contributor to our company's tremendous growth. Throughout his career progression to Chief Operating Officer and Co-President, he has consistently championed our promote from within philosophy and has served as a mentor to many of O'Reilly's current senior leadership team. Jeff has earned the gratitude of all of Team O'Reilly for his incredible contributions to our company's success, and we wish him a very happy and well-deserved retirement. Thanks to Jeff's keen focus on succession planning, we're very pleased to announce Brad Beckham, O'Reilly's Executive Vice President of Operation - Store Operations and Sales, will step into the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer role upon Jeff's retirement. Brad has been an O'Reilly team member for over 24 years, and his career progression mirrors much of Jeff's having also started his O'Reilly career as a part specialist. Brad is an exceptional leader who shares Jeff's passion for providing excellent customer service and investing in our team members, and I'm confident he will continue to lead our company to success well into the future. Now I'd like to address the quarter's results and start by providing some color on our exceptional sales performance. Our second quarter comparable store sales growth of 9.9% and our second quarter 2-year comparable store sales stack of 26.1% greatly surpassed our expectations for the quarter as we continue to maximize the benefits from the robust broad-based industry trends, we've experienced over the last several quarters, coupled with a favorable weather environment and the benefit of government stimulus. As noted on our first quarter call, the last round of government stimulus payments started to be distributed in mid-March, at which point the sales volumes accelerated meaningfully. This growth continued in April before moderating at the end of April to a level of consistently strong sales volumes that carried through May and June, which was well above our expectations. These volumes translated into positive comps every month of the quarter, which was impressive in light of the extremely strong compares we faced in May and June of 2020. These better-than-expected sales volumes have continued thus far in July, and we have been pleased with the durable nature of strong sales volumes we have been able to achieve. Robust comparable store sales results we generated have been underpinned by significant contributions from both the DIY and professional business. We posted positive comps for DIY and professional in the quarter comprised of both ticket count comp and average ticket comp growth. The professional business was the larger contributor to the comparable store sales increase for the quarter, having faced softer comparisons on this side of the business resulting from a more gradual recovery last year from the initial pandemic impact. We faced tougher comparisons on the DIY side, but we're very pleased with the performance in our DIY business as we calendar the exceptional sales volumes from last year. While both sides of our business exceeded our expectations for the quarter, our DIY business was responsible for producing the greater outperformance as compared to our expectations. Same SKU inflation increased to slightly over 2% for the quarter, up from the 1.5% we experienced last quarter. We now anticipate we'll see additional larger increases in same SKU inflation as we progress through the year. But the ultimate extent of the impact will be determined by the duration of pressures to pricing levels from cost increases in wage rates, freight and raw materials. We anticipate the benefit to our top line sales results we partially offset as rising prices will likely cause some economically challenged customers to defer noncritical maintenance or trade down on the product value spectrum. Finally, on a category basis, we saw broad-based robust sales trends across all categories with especially strong performance in undercar hard part categories and weather-related categories. As we disclosed in our earnings release yesterday, we are increasing our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 5% to 7% from our previous range of 1% to 3%. Included in this upward revision is our year-to-date performance as well as our continued strong performance to date in July. As we move into the back half of the year, we continue to face strong compares to the prior year. And while we have a constructive view of the demand - sorry, a constructive view of the demand backdrop for our industry, we remain cautious as significant uncertainty remains surrounding the continued progression of the pandemic recovery as well as the expected end of additional federal unemployment benefits in all states. Regardless of the uncertainties we face, we will continue to execute our proven business model and are extremely confident in our team's ability to drive further share gains moving forward. The tremendous rapid growth in our business has given us the opportunity to earn many new O'Reilly customers and the outstanding customer service they've received will be the key to earning the repeat business. Turning to gross margin. For the second quarter, our gross margin of 52.7% was a 26 basis point decrease from the second quarter 2020 gross margin. This was in line with our expectations as we anticipated headwinds from DIY versus professional total sales mix and higher distribution costs compared to the second quarter of last year. For the full year 2021, we are maintaining our gross margin guidance of 52.2% to 52.7%. While we are above the midpoint of our full year guidance through the first half, we expect to see pressure from certain transitory distribution costs in the back half of the year. Our distribution infrastructure is facing inefficiencies due to the massive sales spike over the last 5 quarters, the difficult labor environment and global logistics challenges. We continue to view our distribution network as a key competitive advantage that supports our industry-leading parts availability, and are steadfastly committed to protecting and enhancing this advantage. To this end, we have adjusted our near-term cost expectations to match the deliberate steps we are taking to ensure the highest possible distribution service levels and further deliver on our strategic inventory initiatives. Simply put, our dedicated supplier partners and extraordinarily hard-working distribution center team members have done an amazing job to support the surge in our sales volume and we remain committed to deliver excellent customer service as we navigate these transitory pressures. Before handing the call off to Jeff, I'd like to highlight our second quarter earnings per share of 17% to $8.33 with a year-to-date increase of 39% to $15.39. Our second quarter earnings per share results represents a 36% 2-year compounded quarterly growth rate, and I'd once again like to congratulate and thank Team O'Reilly for delivering another quarter of exceptional performance. We are raising our full year earnings per share guidance to $26.80 to $27.00 an increase of $2.05, which at the midpoint now represents an increase of over 14% compared to 2020 and a 2-year compounded annual growth rate of 23%. This increase in full year guidance, driven by our strong year-to-date sales results combined with excellent operating profit flow-through, which Jeff will provide more details on here shortly. As a reminder, our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through the call but does not include any additional share repurchases. To conclude my comments, I want to express my confidence in the long-term strength of our industry as consumers continue to value investments in the care and maintenance of their vehicles and O'Reilly will be well positioned to meet those needs in the future. I also want to again extend my deepest thanks to our team for their commitment to our culture, fellow team members and our customers. Team O'Reilly, I'm proud of your continued outstanding performance, and I look forward to what we will accomplish on the road ahead. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd also like to extend my congratulations and express my sincere thanks to Team O'Reilly for their outstanding efforts and results this quarter. Our team's ability to grow comparable store sales and operating profit dollars on top of second quarter 2020's record performance demonstrates just how deeply ingrained our culture is within Team O'Reilly. I couldn't be more proud to work with the team who, regardless of the past successes or challenges we faced, will remain driven to win the business by rolling up their sleeves and outhustling and outservicing our competition every day. We've had plenty of opportunities over the last year to show new customers that we are, in fact, the friendliest parts store in town, and I believe the continued strength in our results speaks volumes to our team's ability to provide that consistent top-notch customer service. To begin my comments today, I'd like to provide some color on our SG&A expenses for the quarter and give some additional insight into the outstanding performance of our team. Our second quarter operating profit dollars increased by 8% as compared to last year. With our SG&A leverage at 29.7% of sales significantly outperforming our expectations as a result of our robust sales performance and solid expense control. As we discussed last quarter, the strong sales trends continue to produce historically high levels of profitability. Greg has already mentioned the extremely tough comp store sales comparisons we were up against in the second quarter. And we also faced our toughest SG&A leverage and operating margin comparison against the second quarter of last year. As a reminder, last year's second quarter results were driven in part by cost adjustments we made to our business in response to the initial impact of the pandemic, which generated a level of profitability that was unique to those specific circumstances and not sustainable or beneficial to our long-term business. While this unusually difficult comparison created pressure on our year-over-year operating margin rate, which declined 87 basis points, we're very pleased with the improvement in our profitability on a 2-year stack. On this basis, our operating margin percent of 23% is a 372 basis point improvement over our second quarter 2019 operating margin performance as our team was able to drive compounded top line growth at almost twice the rate of our SG&A increases. SG&A per store grew 11.5% in the second quarter, which represents annual per store growth of 5.1% on a 2-year basis. Well below the 13% average comparable store sales growth we achieved over the same period. Per store SG&A dollar growth was above our expectations for the second quarter as we spend additional dollars in store payroll, variable operating expenses and incentive compensation in support of the much better-than-expected sales dollars. Expense control remains an integral part of our culture, and we will always carefully manage every dollar we spend while also ensuring our stores and store team members are well equipped to deliver the service levels our customers know and expect. Based on our results year-to-date, we're now estimating our full year increase in SG&A per store to be approximately 5%. Due to the SG&A leverage above our expectations on the strong sales performance through the date of this call, we're increasing the midpoint of our operating profit guidance by 55 basis points to a range of 20.5% to 20.9%. Next, I'd like to provide an update on our store growth during the quarter. During the second quarter, we opened 50 new stores across 25 states bringing our year-to-date total to 116 net new stores. This pace sets us up well to achieve our plan of 165 to 175 net new stores for 2021. And we continue to be pleased with our new store performance, which is driven by a solid team of professional parts people in each of our new stores. We're also pleased with the performance and results from our team in Mexico and look forward to the growth ahead of us in that market. As I wrap up my prepared comments, I'd like to again thank our team members throughout our stores, DCs and offices for their steadfast commitment to our business and customers. You've shown us not a single challenge or obstacle that will stand in the way of your team's success. Finally, I also want to thank Greg Johnson, Greg Henslee, David O'Reilly and all of Team O'Reilly for the kind words in regard to my retirement announcement, as well as the opportunities that I've had over the years to be a part of a truly first-class team and to play a role in Team O'Reilly's tremendous success story. Looking forward, I'm extremely excited for the future of our company and the deep bench of solid leaders that we have who will drive the continued success of our company. As for my specific succession plan, as Greg mentioned, Brad is a tremendous example of our promoting within philosophy, working his way up through the ranks based on outstanding performance and a deep knowledge of what drives our business. He's an experienced and well-respected leader in our company who is fully prepared to step into the role of Chief Operating Officer, and I know he will do an outstanding job. And since this will be my last quarter, we all participate in the prepared comments, I'm especially pleased to transition this responsibility over to him. And just because my time as an O'Reilly team member will soon be coming to an end, as retiree, I'll continue to be a long-term shareholder and will be cheering Team O'Reilly on from the sidelines in the future. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their continued hard work and commitment to excellent customer service, which drove our tremendous second quarter and year-to-date performance. In addition, I'd also like to take this opportunity to congratulate Jeff on his upcoming retirement and thank him for his many years of top-notch leadership. Now we'll take a closer look at our second quarter results and add some additional color to our updated 2021 guidance. For the quarter, sales increased $374 million comprised of $298 million increase in comp store sales, a $57 million increase in noncomp store sales and a $19 million increase in noncomp, nonstore sales. For the full year of 2021, we now expect our total revenue to be between $12.3 billion and $12.6 billion, up from our previous guidance of $11.8 billion to $12.1 billion based on our strong year-to-date top line performance and our continued confidence in our team. Greg covered our gross margin performance earlier, but I do want to provide details on our positive LIFO impact, which was $19 million in the second quarter and above our previous expectations. As a reminder, in the second quarter of 2020, we recorded a headwind in LIFO with a charge of $4 million. When we set our full year gross margin guidance earlier this year, we were anticipating a larger positive impact from LIFO in the first half of 2021 versus the back half. However, as we continue to experience inflationary input cost increases and depending on the persistence of inflation, we may see similar or more LIFO benefits in the back half of the year, which is expected to partially offset pressure on our higher-than-planned distribution costs that Greg discussed earlier. While some of the components driving our overall gross margin outlook have changed from our original expectations at the beginning of the year, we still expect to finish the full year within our original stated gross margin range of 52.2% to 52.7%. Our second quarter effective tax rate was 23.1% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 24.4%, reduced by a 1.3% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the second quarter of 2020 rate of 24.1% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base rate of 24.5%, reduced by a 0.4% benefit for share-based compensation. The second quarter of 2021 base rate was in line with our expectations. And for 2021, we continue to expect to have a lower fourth quarter base rate based on the expected tolling of certain tax periods and realizing benefits from a renewable energy tax credits. For the full year of 2021, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of approximately 23%. These expectations assume no significant changes to the existing tax code. Also, variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results as well as our updated expectations for 2021. Free cash flow for the first 6 months of 2021 was $1.5 billion, up from $1.2 billion for the first 6 months of 2020, with the improvement driven by an increase in net income, a larger benefit from our net inventory investment and a larger prior year investment in solar projects, partially offset by decreases in income taxes payable and tax withholdings, both resulting from the ability to defer certain income tax and payroll tax payments in the prior year under the provisions of the CARES Act. We do anticipate additional investments in solar projects in the fourth quarter of 2021. For the full year of 2021, we now expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion, up $400 million at the midpoint from our previous guidance based on our strong year-to-date operating profit and cash flow performance and strong net inventory performance. Inventory per store at the end of the second quarter was $636,000, which was down 2% from the beginning of the year but up 1% from this time last year driven by the extremely strong sales volumes and corresponding improvement in inventory terms. During prior quarter's earnings call, we discussed our plan for 2021 initiative to add just over $100 million of additional inventory in our store and hub network, above and beyond our normal new store and typical product additions. While we are still making progress on this plan, which when fully executed, will result in an approximately 4% increase in average per store inventory. Our strong year-to-date sales volumes and the resulting replenishment needs of our stores continue to be the priority. As a result, we could see some further delays in our inventory growth initiatives if we are able to maintain our high level of sales growth. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the second quarter was 126%, which was another all-time high for our company and was heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns over last year. We anticipate our AP to inventory ratio to decrease from this historic high as we continue to execute on our additional inventory investments as well as our sales growth moderating. Our updated expectation is to finish 2021, at an AP to inventory ratio of approximately 115%. Capital expenditures for the first 6 months of 2021 were $223 million, which was down $22 million from the same period of 2020, primarily driven by the timing of expenditures for new distribution and development activities. We continue to forecast CapEx to come in between $550 million and $650 million for the full year. Moving on to debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR ratio of 1.76x as compared to our year-end 2020 ratio of 2.03x, with the reduction driven by a decrease in adjusted debt as well as growth in our trailing 12-month EBITDAR. During the second quarter, we used available cash on hand to redeem $300 million of our senior notes, which were scheduled to mature in 2021 and carried a coupon rate of 4.625%. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5x, and we'll approach that number when appropriate. During the second quarter, we also successfully upsized our revolving credit facility, which was scheduled to expire early next year. The new 5-year facility has an aggregate capacity of $1.8 billion up from the $1.2 billion on the old revolver, which provides us with additional financial flexibility moving forward. We continue to execute our share repurchase program. And during the second quarter, we repurchased 0.7 million shares at an average price of $537.25 for a total investment of $400 million. Year-to-date, through our press release yesterday, we repurchased 2.4 million shares at an average price of $488.59 for a total investment of $1.2 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected future discounted cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to shareholders. Before I open up our call to your questions, I'd like to once again thank the O'Reilly team for all their dedication and continued hard work. Your contributions continue to drive our record-breaking results. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask Victor, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question on the come from the line of Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: Jeff, congratulations, Brad, congratulations to you. My first question is on, I guess, short-term question on the commentary around July. Is there any way we could assume that your comments around demand holding up means that the 2-year or 3-year stacks are holding? And if that's fair, obviously, we're looking at the second half guidance, implying negative. Is there anything else that we should be aware of besides just tough compares, but you've already gotten through your worst of it in July. Is it just prudence in your second half guidance?
Thomas McFall: So we continue to be very happy with our daily performance in July, and it's carried through from those volumes in May and June. We've rolled that into our comp guidance for the full year. There remains a lot of uncertainty in relation to the recovery in the pandemic and the variants that are out there. We still have tough compares in August and September and put up a great comp in the third quarter of last year. So we feel like it's prudent to give the guidance that we gave for the full year.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. Fair enough. Can I ask Greg or Tom, thinking about how much of the demand this year in '21, if there's any framework you're thinking about what's pent-up versus pull forward? Does the current year become a base from which we grow or does the industry or your business have to digest some of this? I know it's early to guide in the out year, but anything that you're - that you can share of sort of the puts and takes to think about future growth?
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Simeon, we're obviously not guiding into 2022 or beyond at this point. But as we said in our prepared comments, we're pleased with the performance during the second quarter. We're pleased with virtually every category, both the DIY and DIFM side of the business. Quite frankly, the business outperformed our expectations. And as Tom said, there's a lot of unknowns as we move into the back half of the year and into 2022 and beyond as it relates to pandemic, supply chains, things like that. So we're hopeful that sales trends continue, but we're not guiding anything beyond this year. Tom, do you have anything to add to that?
Thomas McFall: What I'd add to that is last year and on the call today, both Greg and Jeff have discussed that we've seen dramatic increases in customer traffic, and we see new customers and the onus was on us to earn those customers repeat business by providing them great customer service. If you look at our guide at the beginning of this year, the expectation was we were going to get some of that business back from last year. So having - sitting where we are at the comp level that we're sitting at this year, I think, speaks to, as Jeff said in his prepared comments, our ability to earn more customers repeat business. So we are very pleased with the business, and we've clearly stepped up the base what we've determine to be the base business.
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: On the sales exceeding expectations, I guess, could you sort of parse out what might be underlying sort of broad strength in demand versus share gains trends? I mean it seems like you guys have been outperforming the underlying market. But are your share gains exceeding expectations or just the general trend in the market?
Gregory Johnson: It's really, Bret, as you know, it's really hard to differentiate the difference between what is share gains and what may be pent-up demand or what have you coming off of a very strong year in 2021 and having a stronger year as we've had thus far this quarter, we're confident that we're taking market share. We're confident we're taking market share on both sides of the business. As far as parsing out how much of that is market share gain versus just pure demand, it would be just purely a guess to try to differentiate the two. But I mean, in summary, we're confident, Bret, that we are taking market share today.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. And then a quick question on supply chain. I mean the cadence of availability or obviously a lot of supply disruption. Could you talk maybe as to - is the trend improving? Or are we bumping along the bottom as far as access and cost of a product?
Gregory Johnson: Sure, sure. So you break the supply chain down into various areas. Our - as we said, our distribution centers have been pressured by the volume. And as most companies across the U.S. have seen, we've had difficulty with the labor market and keeping those DC staffed and caught up. So that's been a hurdle that we've challenged throughout the year this year. Things are starting to improve in several markets, and we're optimistic that through the balance of the year, our DCs will continue to get caught up and perform better. From a supplier perspective, the last couple of quarters I've commented that we had a handful of domestic suppliers that were facing challenges in fill rate. And really, while it may be a couple of differences, it's pretty much the same suppliers. Their challenges are somewhat higher. Some of it's raw materials, a lot of it's carryover from COVID and labor, just having enough people to build, manufacture and distribute the product. So we're working very, very closely with those suppliers. Each of those suppliers, our supply chain team is meeting with at the highest levels on a weekly basis now to try to find creative ways to help them get caught up. And then the elephant in the room, which everybody knows is container shortage with product coming from overseas. We're all facing those challenges. And we're doing everything we can do to keep our product flowing. I would say that overall, Bret, even with all those challenges, we continue to be pleased with our business and our performance of our stores. We've always talked to some of the strengths of our supply chain being the fact that we have especially in our major categories, we have multiple suppliers in those categories, and that's really helped us through this period where you may have different countries of origin for some of those manufacturers where you have multiple suppliers per category and also our good, better, best offering. So while we may not have the exact product every consumer wants on the shelf, we've got a product that fits their application. And I think consumers today, like it or not, no matter what store they walk into whether it's a grocery store or hardware store, an auto part store, the shelves are not as stocked as they typically would be. And I think the consumer has a little bit more of a willingness to trade up or trade down as necessary. Brad, did you have anything you want to add to that?
Brad Beckham: No, I think that's pretty well said.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser: And congratulations to everyone on their new roles and Jeff on your retirement. My question is on the DIY...
Thomas McFall: Michael, can I for second, we're having a little bit of a hard time understanding, you're not coming through clear.
Michael Lasser: Is that better?
Thomas McFall: It's much better.
Michael Lasser: Right. My question is on DIY retail. Presumably, it was strong in the quarter. It remains strong today, banking contracts to some other at-home DIY categories, right?
Thomas McFall: Michael, I apologize. You went from clear to back very hard to understand.
Michael Lasser: Let's try this for last time. Better?
Thomas McFall: We'll give it another shot.
Michael Lasser: Okay. Last one. So the question is, why is DIY retail so strong? Is it simply a function of people are driving more, despite the tough comparison, the increase of vehicle miles driven continues to drive that business and should continue to drive that business even as we rebase that off of a higher level into the spring and beyond?
Thomas McFall: Okay. Mike, we're going to answer the question of why this DIY remains so strong. The rest of the question was difficult to answer. I'll start and turn it over to Greg. We continue to see an environment where people are somewhat concerned about their economics and are taking on more challenging jobs by themselves. Some people continue to work from home. That's a benefit for us. Used car prices - new cars are hard to find and used car prices are very high. So those items continue to be a positive for us, and we continue to think that now that we're taking share within the DIY marketplace.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, Michael, is your comment is probably accurate about miles driven. I think consumers - a lot of consumers did not take vacations last year. Perhaps where they are this year and are doing more maintenance-type things as well as perhaps more weather-related repairs. We had a normal winter last year for the first time in a couple of years. And that's really impacted some of our mild undercar categories where consumers are able to replace shocks, brakes, things like that, that may have been damaged during the winter.
Michael Lasser: That's very helpful. My quick follow-up question is on what was the contribution from like-for-like price increases or inflation in the period? And how much visibility do you have for the contribution from inflation over the next few quarters? And how is this going to impact the gross margin you already alluded to similar like for changes. But can you give us a more explicit impact on gross margin as well?
Thomas McFall: Okay. So for the quarter, I think we've talked to it in our prepared comments. Our LIFO number was - I'm going to have to look it up again now, it was...
Michael Lasser: I guess, I was more interested in the inflation impact, Tom?
Thomas McFall: I'm sorry. Okay. So inflation was slightly over 2%, as Greg talked about. We've got visibility of what our pricing is doing right now and expect that we're going to continue to see more inflation in the short term. As Greg talked about on many of our categories, freight is a big component, raw materials and labor. Especially for freight and raw materials, we tend to price those separately and adjust the price base on those markets. So to the extent that these pressures continue through the full quarter, we'd expect to see a higher inflation in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. To the extent that they start to abate, we'd expect to see those costs come back down. So it will be dependent.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Congratulations to all. So a couple of follow-up questions. I guess, first, in terms of the gross margin outlook, can you maybe just resummarize what the changes are relative to your original expectations? And what are you expecting from a LIFO perspective in the third and fourth quarters?
Thomas McFall: We're expecting to see more benefit from LIFO in the third and fourth quarter as our costs have increased and we reduced our LIFO debit. We expect that to be offset by transitory distribution costs as we focus on getting into an even better inventory position and starting to work on our inventory initiatives, and that will have some short-term cost impacts on our distribution, which flow into gross margin.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. So that, that catch-up on the inventory side is going to sort of also offset the fact that you are implying less volumes year-over-year in the back half of the year given the comp guide?
Thomas McFall: Yes. To some extent, our distribution centers to keep up with the volume that we're doing right now, as Greg talked about in his prepared comments, are running inefficiently. So running a lower volume would actually yield a better distribution percentage at this point. But mainly, we're talking about just challenges on the labor side and how we get focused on getting a better inventory position.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then as a follow-up, just to parse out the volume commentary on May and June. When you talk about comps similar in May and June? Or is that relative to your expectations of volumes? Or is that a commentary that May and June comps were the same, basically?
Thomas McFall: Our comments relate to our expectations. Obviously, we have a lot different comp cadence from last year that we compare to. So our focus is really on what were our expected volumes and what we achieved versus those expected volumes. And we were way above those in the beginning of April, as we talked about on the first quarter call, due to the stimulus that went out, but that base underlying trend of over expectations that we saw at the end of April continued in May and June. And we're focused on generating sales levels as opposed to the math from what was last year.
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Greg Melich from Evercore ISI.
Gregory Melich: My question was on the - looking at sales versus 2019. So I guess they were up 26%, a little acceleration from the first quarter. Could you break down that comparison to 2019 for DIY and do it for me? Knowing how [indiscernible] up the comparisons over last year?
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Greg, we're not going to quantify that. But as we said in our prepared comments, DIFM was a larger contributor than DIY for the quarter.
Gregory Melich: On a year-over-year basis, is that...
Gregory Johnson: Compared to prior year.
Gregory Melich: Right. If we look back to '19, is DIY still more of the growth versus '19 than do within Pro? Or did that also...
Thomas McFall: We look at aggregate sales in dollars. I think we covered this in the call is that when we look at the second quarter, we know that DIY far surpassed professional business in the second quarter of last year due to the timing of stimulus, the work-from-home arrangements and hesitation for people to turn their car over to shops to have them work on it, and it recovered more slowly. So our comment that the second quarter DIY was above our expectation more strongly than the professional business indicates that on a 2-year basis, the DIY is the bigger contributor.
Gregory Melich: Got it. Okay. And then the second question is, I think in your prepared comments, you mentioned that as some of this inflation flows into the back half that you're expecting some potential trade down. Have you actually seen that already in some markets or some products? Or is that just an anticipation given on what's happened in the past?
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Greg, we just called that out as a possibility if inflation continues. Historically, we've seen when prices increase, when gas prices increase, things like that, that the economically challenged consumer has less discretionary cash to spend. Sometimes they will defer maintenance and sometimes they'll trade down the value spectrum. So that's why we called that out.
Gregory Melich: Okay. So it's more of an expectation of things that happened in the past? Not about anything you're seeing today?
Gregory Johnson: That's correct.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Daniel Imbro from Stephens.
Daniel Imbro: Greg, I wanted to talk about the supply chain a little bit. And obviously, ocean freight is an issue, but some of your peers are talking more about direct sourcing, maybe trying to go find cheaper labor, cheaper manufacturing to lower cost of goods. I'm curious maybe what the strategic outlook would be for O'Reilly along that? Or maybe what are the benefits of using more full-service suppliers like you guys do domestically to keep your service levels up?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. As I spoke before, we don't do a great deal of direct importing. We - a lot of our import suppliers, we require to keep inventory on hand here in the States. They're the owner of that freight until it hits the port. That has worked well for us. Unfortunately, we've gone through some of that inventory over the past few months. So today, it's probably not working as well for us as it normally would because all that product inevitably has to come from overseas. We continue, Daniel, to evaluate where it makes sense to bring product in from a direct import perspective versus through the suppliers 3PL or warehouse here domestically. And it's really a matter for us of - it's an economic calculation of is there enough demand and enough flow-through of the product to justify bringing it in direct versus bringing it in through their distribution centers here in the U.S. So we have a combination. We have SKUs. We've after some of these suppliers direct into our third-party 3PL facilities. And then - but the bulk of what we bring in from overseas would flow through their - the manufacturing facilities here domestically.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. That is helpful. And then, Tom, sorry to beat dead horse, I just want to make sure we understand the inflation side a little bit. So the guidance you've given assumes what Greg mentioned earlier, that inflation does accelerate? Or are you assuming the benefit to LIFO assuming inflation flatlined with 2Q? I just want to make sure we understand what's embedded in that outlook you provided?
Thomas McFall: So from a sales perspective, we anticipate that we will have some tailwinds from increased inflation offset by deferrals and trade down. So it hasn't really impacted our total sales expectations.
Daniel Imbro: And what about on the gross margin side?
Thomas McFall: On the gross margin side, being in the LIFO debit, as the prices go up, their last bias, below LIFO who are making more money on those products than we normally would, so that will be a benefit. And that benefit will be offset by additional distribution costs as we strategically look to improve our inventory and get further ahead on our inventory initiatives.
Operator: Our next question come from the line of Seth Basham from Wedbush.
Seth Basham: Congrats to Jeff. I actually have a question that Jeff may be able to answer. If we look at the team member count, it remains below pre-pandemic levels. How do you view this now? Do you think that you can operate your stores with less labor? Or is there an expectation to continue to ramp back up?
Jeff Shaw: Well, Seth, we've been throughout the last, really, 1.5 years, I mean, since the pandemic hit, we had the downturn. I mean, we really just kind of block down on payroll, not knowing what the future held. And really dialed in our headcount and our payroll to what our business was doing and then we just had the explosive growth in volume there mid-April on. And we just really didn't know how long that was going to last. We were kind of playing it by year, really week to week, month to month and being very cautious in staffing back up. And as we've seen the volume hold there in the third and fourth quarter, we cautiously started ramping back up headcount to match the sales demand. And that's really carried into the first quarter and second quarter of this year as very cautiously ramping headcount back up as well as just the seasonal ramp-up in the business. We continue to focus on our full-time initiative as well and replace maybe part time with more full-time headcount, knowing that we provide better service levels with more tenured experienced team members. So that has part of it. And obviously, this is Brad's wheelhouse, so I might let him speak to that if he's got any additional comments.
Brad Beckham: Yes, Seth, I think directly to your question, I think it's a combination of both. I think this last year, like a lot of companies, I'm sure we've learned a lot about ourselves. When we're looking at last spring in the worst-case scenario, we had to make decisions on our head count. We did that very surgically based upon team member productivity and learned a lot in that first quarter to go through the pandemic. And then to Jeff's point, as we've gone on here, it's been kind of a short to mid-term outlook in terms of what we thought the business was going to do. We always run our business like we always say, for the long term when it comes to staffing and our service levels, while at the same time, being able to back ourselves out if we have points that business changes the other direction from a store count - from a headcount and from an hour standpoint. But we've been working this last year a lot on full time. We see some productivity increases from that. And we also have other initiatives on the productivity front that we're working on right now, and we're pleased with those.
Seth Basham: That's very helpful. Just one related follow-up. Are you seeing a big increase in our mix of sales that are through the online channel? Is that helping you operate more efficiently with labor? How do you expect the online channel to develop over the next year or so?
Gregory Johnson: Seth, I'll take that one. We have seen significant growth in our online channel. As we've said in previous quarters, most of that growth ends up in the stores. Last quarter, about 3/4 of our online sales were pick up in store or ship to store. Some of that would - could be curbside. But we - but most of that - the increases that we've seen as opposed to taking the discount that they are offered for ship to home have ended up in our stores. And that just goes back to our thesis from forever that those consumers, they need help. They want to make sure they getting the right parts, they need it timely. And so Brad, do you want to add to that?
Brad Beckham: Yes. Seth, the other thing I would add is that a lot of times when we talk about online digital business, we talked about oreillyauto.com and we talk about B2C. But what I would say is it reminds you of our B2B business with our first call online and all our shop management systems where we directly integrate with so much of our professional business. Obviously, to your question, that's the other side of it. It's been a huge productivity improvement incrementally at that for us and for our shops. And so not only do we have everything that Greg talked about with oreillyauto.com, buy online, pick up instore, ship to home. But one of our biggest initiatives with professional being our bread and butter is continuing to grow that digital business on the professional side in turn, get the incremental gains in productivity on our side and with our shops.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Bobby Griffin from Raymond James.
Mitchell Ingles: This is Mitch Ingles filling in for Bobby. Congrats on a great quarter. Yes, so to start, any color on the performance by region would be helpful. And to that theme, are you seeing any slowdown at day - on daily sales for areas that have recently ramped up COVID-related restrictions?
Gregory Johnson: Brad, do you want to take that one?
Brad Beckham: Sure. Well, we're very pleased with all regions and really the consistency of our business across the U.S. in the second quarter also on both sides of the business like we discussed on the DIY and professional side. Our - it might be little bit tough to talk about regional just because our time and energy really focus less on the macro trends like weather, but it was fairly favorable across our regions, like Greg mentioned, when he talked about the categories. But instead, 100% fundamental execution of our business model that adds up to share gains, really which to me is our culture being alive and well in every single market, promoting proven performers from within and being the friendliest most professional parts store in every single market we operate in. So - and then on your last question, I don't think from a COVID standpoint where we've seen ramp-ups here recently, we have not seen that affect our business thus far.
Mitchell Ingles: Great. And as a quick follow-up, is it fair to categorize the weather turns year-to-date as the most favorable the industry has seen over the past few years. So for instance, June is on record as being the hottest in at least 127 years. So it's probably difficult to parse out a stimulus in BMD recovery. But any read as to what the benefit of weather could have done in 2Q and year-to-date would be very helpful.
Thomas McFall: So what I would tell you is that the last couple of years have been not as favorable weather. So in comparison, it's much better, I'd tell you over a long period of time, it's slightly above average. When we talk about performance improvements, we're having a better AC year. We're having a better under car years as the roads got tore up more this winter. A lot of batteries that were stressed in the winter got replaced in the summer. But to go - we're not going to go through an attempt to quantify on this call the seasonal benefits. But what we'd tell you is that we got back to a slightly better than normal as compared to poor the last few years.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call over back to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Victor. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in delivering a record-setting quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Now I'd like to hand the conference over to Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, please go ahead.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Jack. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our first quarter 2021 results and our updated outlook for the full year of 2021. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. I'd like to begin our call today by thanking Team O'Reilly on another outstanding record-breaking quarter. While our expectations were for a strong first quarter based on business trends and comparisons, to say the results of the first quarter were record-breaking just doesn't do real justice to the incredible performance of our team, highlighted by a 24.8% increase in comparable store sales, a 526 basis point increase in operating margin and an impressive 78% increase in diluted earnings per share. The last year plus since the onset of the pandemic has been one of the most challenging periods in the history of our company, and we are especially pleased our team was able to once again rise to the occasion and deliver these outstanding results while adhering to strict safety protocols. Simply put, Team O'Reilly has responded in an amazing fashion to provide excellent customer service, and I am profoundly grateful for the hard work and sacrifice of each member of our team. As we highlighted in our press release yesterday, our first quarter comps benefited from a continuation of the robust broad-based sales trend we've experienced for several quarters now as well as a favorable weather environment for most of the quarter. As a result of these factors, we're very pleased with our comp performance through the first 2.5 months of the quarter. In mid-March, the most recent round of government stimulus payments hit, at which point we saw ourselves grow -- our sales growth accelerate meaningfully. From a cadence perspective, our quarter played out with very strong results in January, aided by beneficial weather and additional government stimulus. February followed a similar trend, with some offsetting pressure from inclement weather in the middle of the month that significantly impacted many of our Southern U.S. markets that are not accustomed to this type of winter weather. This headwind temporarily cut into our professional business as customers held off on risking the roads to bring their vehicles in for service, but we still finished February above our expectations. March was easily our highest comp of the quarter against the soft prior year comparisons, driven by continued strong underlying trends, favorable timing of spring weather and the stimulus benefit. In total, our first quarter comparable store sales growth of 24.8% and our 2-year comparable store sales stack of 22.9% strongly exceeded our expectations. As you would expect, we are also pleased with the composition of our sales results in the first quarter as we saw strength in all areas of our business. Both our DIY and professional businesses contributed strongly to our sales results for the quarter, with our DIY business being the bigger contributor, similar to what we've experienced in recent quarters, driven by strong ticket comp -- ticket count comps as well as continued robust increases in average ticket comps. Additionally, our professional business also performed extremely well, with the brief inclement weather pressure in February I just discussed. On that side of the business, we also saw an acceleration in ticket count comps and strong growth in average ticket. Average ticket on both sides of our business was healthy despite a limited benefit of approximately 1.5% from same SKU inflation, indicated a continued ability and willingness of our customers to invest in their vehicles and work on larger projects. From a category standpoint, we continue to see broad-based, robust sales trends across categories, with strong performance in our DIY out-front categories and batteries. During the first quarter, we also benefited from strong demand in weather-related categories as well as under car hard part categories. The harsh winter weather this year and the associated wear and tear it inflicts on vehicles is a positive development after the last 2 mild winters in our industry and should support demand in under car categories as we move through the next 2 quarters. Now I'd like to discuss the update to our full year comparable store sales guidance and our outlook for the remainder of the year. As we announced in our earnings release yesterday, we are increasing our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 1% to 3% from our previous range of down 2% to flat. This increase in our expectations is based on the strength of our first quarter results and our continued robust performance quarter-to-date in April. This is an exception to our normal practice, where we historically have not factored into our guidance revisions any business trends subsequent to the end of the quarter we are reporting because of the extreme volatility we can see over such a short time frame. However, the continued extremely strong sales momentum we saw at the end of March, aided by the latest round of stimulus, has continued into April, and we feel it appropriate to reflect this outperformance in our annual guidance update. As we look forward to the rest of 2021, we remain confident in the positive underlying fundamentals of consumer demand in our industry. Even before we started to see the impact of the most recent rounds of stimulus at the end of the first quarter, we were capitalizing on strong demand from DIY consumers willing to take on larger jobs and invest in repairing and maintaining their vehicles. We've also been encouraged by the improving trends on the professional side of our business, even as we remain in an environment of decreased employment, increased work-from-home arrangements and lower miles driven in the U.S. We can't be certain regarding the pace of improvements in these factors given the uncertain nature of how the economy will exit the pandemic, but we remain confident we will benefit as miles driven return to historical norms. However, we remain cautious in our outlook as we move forward through the rest of 2021 and still anticipate potentially significant quarter-to-date variability due to fading tailwinds from the government stimulus and the potential that some demand has been pulled forward as a result of the favorable weather backdrop and extremely soft -- strong demand in the first quarter. As a reminder, we faced extremely difficult prior year comparisons in the -- for the remainder of the year, especially on the DIY side of the business, with the most significant pressure in that outlook expected for the second and third quarters. While it remains impossible to predict how the remainder of the year will play out for our industry or the broader economy, we know that a significant driver of our success is completely within our control, and we fully expect to continue to leverage the strength of our business model and industry-leading team to build out strong share gains in 2021. Moving on to gross margin. For the quarter, our gross margin of 53.1% was a 76 basis point increase from the first quarter 2020 gross margin. The improvement was above our expectations built into our guidance range and benefited from the outperformance of a higher-margin DIY business as well as good leverage of distribution costs on the strong sales volume. For the full year of 2021, we continue to expect our gross margin to be in the range of 52.2% to 52.7%. Our guidance continues to include a muted expectation for any gross margin benefit from inflation. To the extent that we see more inflationary pressures than expected, we anticipate pricing in our industry will remain rational. For the first quarter, our earnings per share of $7.06 represents an increase of 78% over $3.97 in the first quarter of 2020 and a compounded 2-year growth rate of over 30% compared to the first quarter of 2019. And I want to again congratulate Team O'Reilly on this outstanding performance. For 2021, we are raising our full year guidance to $24.75 to $24.95, an increase of $2.05 from our previous guidance, driven by the strong year-to-date sales results and the excellent operating profit flow-through, which Jeff will discuss in more detail in a moment. The midpoint of our revised guidance now represents an increase of 6% versus 2020 and a 2-year compounded annual growth rate of 18% compared to 2019. Our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our inventory position and the status of our supply chain. The strength of our supply chain, including our strong relationships with our supplier base, and the historical investments we've made to build out our industry-leading distribution network and inventory availability has long been a strategic competitive strength for our company. This competitive advantage has really shined through the past year and been a key factor in our strong sales performance, but our supply chain has definitely been pressured as we've experienced elevated sales volumes. We've been pleased with the strong performance of the majority of our supplier base and, overall, our supply chain has held up very well. But we do have room for improvement with a small number of suppliers who have underperformed due to pandemic impacts, raw material shortages or shipping delays. We have also faced pressures in our distribution centers as our dedicated DC teams have been processing record levels of inbound and outbound shipments. Just like in our stores, our DC teams have been working extremely hard to take care of our customers and support the extremely strong sales, even as the current levels of volume have created stress on normal operating capacity of our facilities. We remain very committed to maintaining and growing our competitive advantage and inventory availability and view the current pressures we're facing in the short term. To finish my comments, I want to again express my gratitude to our team for their continued selfless dedication to our company and to our customers. Our first quarter performance was truly incredible and is a testament to the hard work and commitment of our team. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I want to start today by echoing Greg's comments and thanking Team O'Reilly for the remarkable results in the first quarter. Our team has certainly proved over the course of time that they are steadfastly committed to our customers and able to overcome whatever challenges they encounter in running our business. That dedication has certainly been on display in the past year as our team has responded selflessly to the extreme demands and safety protocols during the pandemic. Our results in the first quarter are just another indication of the degree to which our customers rely on us for excellent customer service, industry-leading parts availability and a seasoned, dedicated, knowledgeable team of professional parts people. Our first quarter of 2021 was truly a record-setting performance. But even as strong as our results were, I think it's actually impossible to fully appreciate the level of hard work and long hours required for our team to produce these results. Our team's response to the extreme weather conditions they faced in the middle of the quarter is just another picture of their relentless commitment to going to the extra mile for their customers. Many of our markets faced severe impacts from the extreme weather conditions, but our store teams went above and beyond to keep our stores open. And our distribution teams match that effort by ensuring access to the parts our stores needed, enabling us to meet the critical needs of our customers. Challenges in our stores, such as treacherous road conditions, pause of electricity and broken water pipes are nothing new for our team, who has proven their resilience in response to countless challenges over the years, whether it be severe winter weather, natural disasters or a global pandemic. Now I'd like to spend some time reviewing the extremely strong operating profit performance and SG&A leverage in the first quarter and our updated outlook for 2021. For the first quarter, we generated an astounding increase in operating margin of 526 basis points and operating profit dollar growth of 63%. As we've discussed since the second quarter of last year, the surge in sales in a short time frame has generated historically high levels of profitability, and those sales gains have continued to outpace our rate of SG&A growth even as we redeployed more SG&A dollars back into our stores to adjust to the sales environment. Our first quarter of 2021 was an almost perfect case of this trend. The quarter saw us increase SG&A per store by 7%, which is well above our historical trends and yet far short of the 24.8% comparable store sales increase that we generated, resulting in an incredible improvement in SG&A leverage of 450 basis points. The SG&A per store growth, which is adjusted for Leap Day in 2020, was driven by additional store payroll hours and associated benefits and other variable operating expenses to meet the strong sales demand as well as higher-than-normal incentive compensation at all levels of the company. As we've said for the last few quarters now, we know this level of SG&A expense leverage isn't the right long-term answer for our business, and we continue to plan to actively manage our cost structure to provide excellent customer service to match the sales environment and ensure that we're allocating sufficient resources through the image appearance of our stores as well as the training and development of our team members. We now estimate that our full year increase in SG&A per store will be approximately 3.5%. This target is up from our original expectation based on our results so far in 2021 and matches the revised comp guidance range that Greg walked through earlier. Based on strong leverage on the robust sales through the date of this call, we now expect operating profit to range between 19.9% to 20.4%, an increase of 90 basis points from our previous guidance. On the expansion front, I'm extremely pleased to announce that this month, we successfully opened our newest DC in Horn Lake, Mississippi, which is just south of Memphis. This new facility took well over a year to plan, design and build, made even more challenging by external delays caused by the onset of the pandemic. But our teams were able to stock the DC with an industry-leading inventory set. And day 1, we began shipping larger-than-expected orders to support strong sales growth in our stores in the Memphis and surrounding markets. Over the next several weeks, we will fully ramp up this 580,000-square foot facility to support over 220 stores, with additional capacity for store growth in the middle of the country. Our DC teams remain committed to enhancing our top-notch inventory availability, and we'll continue to develop our distribution network to support strong growth and set the bar for inventory availability in the industry. Finally, before turning the call over to Tom, I'd like to provide a brief update on our store expansion during the quarter. In the first quarter, we opened 66 net new stores spread across 30 states. This progress is in line with our plan for total new store openings of 165 to 175 net new stores for 2021. And we continue to be pleased with our team's ability to successfully open great new store locations, but could still see some delays in design and permitting approvals dependent on local market conditions and municipal agencies. To conclude my comments, I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their outstanding performance in the first quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our customers, which drove our tremendous first quarter performance. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and additional updates to our guidance for 2021. For the quarter, sales increased $614 million, comprised of a $589 million increase in comp store sales, a $53 million increase in noncomp store sales, a $10 million increase in noncomp nonstore sales, a $35 million decrease from Leap Day 2020 and a $3 million decrease from permanently closed stores. For 2021, we now expect our total revenues to be between $11.8 billion and $12.1 billion. Greg previously covered our gross margin performance for the first quarter, but I want to provide details on our positive LIFO impact, which was $9 million in the first quarter, in line with our expectations and the prior year. As we discussed when we set our full year gross margin guidance, we are anticipating a larger positive impact from LIFO in the first half of 2021, which will partially offset pressure to our POS margins from the tariff exclusions that have expired. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 23.5% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 24.4% and reduced by a 0.9% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the first quarter of 2020 rate of 20.9% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 21.8%, reduced by a 0.9% benefit for share-based compensation. The first quarter of 2021 base rate was in line with our expectations. The lower 2020 tax rate was the result of the timing of renewable energy tax credits realized in the first quarter of last year. For 2021, we expect to realize benefits from renewable energy tax credits in the fourth quarter. For the full year of 2021, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of 23%, comprised of a base rate of 23.4%, reduced by a benefit of 0.4% for share-based compensation. These expectations assume no significant changes to existing tax codes. Also, variations in the tax benefit for share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rates. Now I'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results and our revised expectations for 2021. Free cash flow for the first quarter of 2021 was $790 million versus $227 million in the first quarter of 2020, with the significant increase driven by increased operating income, decreased net inventory, an increase in accounts -- excuse me, an increase in income tax payable and the comparisons to the 2020 investments and renewable energy projects as a result of the timing of these projects and associated cash tax benefits last year. For 2021, we now expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion versus our previous guidance of $1 billion to $1.3 billion based on our strong first quarter operating profit and cash flow performance, offset by our expectation that some of the benefit we saw in the first quarter for the reduction in net inventory and taxes payable will reverse as we move through the year. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $637,000, which was down 2% from the beginning of the year and down 0.8% from this time last year, driven by the extremely strong sales volumes, particularly at the end of the quarter. As we discussed on last quarter's call, when we outlined our full year expectations for inventory per store, our plan for 2021 to carry over from 2020 is to add just over $100 million of additional inventory in our store and hub network, above and beyond our normal new store and typical product additions. And we still expect to complete this plan and grow inventory at approximately 4% per store in 2021. However, the timing of these incremental inventory additions will be impacted by the more immediate need of supporting the replenishment needs of our stores. And we could see some further delays to these initiatives if sales trends remain at historic highs. Our AP-to-inventory ratio at the end of the first quarter was 119%, which was an all-time high for our company and heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns over the last year. We anticipate that our AP-to-inventory ratio will gradually moderate from this historic high as we complete our additional inventory investments and when our sales growth moderates. Our current expectation is to finish 2021 at a ratio of approximately 109%. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $95 million, which was down $38 million from the same period of 2020, driven by the timing of expenditures for new stores and DC development activity. We continue to forecast CapEx to come in between $550 million and $650 million for the full year. Moving on to debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.88x as compared to the end of 2020 ratio of 2.03x, with the reduction driven by the significant growth in first quarter EBITDAR. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5x, and we'll approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program. And during the first quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares at an average price per share of $450.65 for a total investment of $665 million. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected future discounted cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. Before I open up the call to answer your questions, I'd like to again thank the O'Reilly team for all their contributions to our company's outstanding results. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask Jack, the operator to turn to your line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Greg Melich with Evercore ISI, your line is open.
Gregory Melich: Tremendous quarter. I guess I'd love to follow up on the trends between the DIY and the do-it-for-me side of the business. You said that both were strong. I'm just wondering if the gap between them is gone except for that February period when you said weather really impacted the commercial side.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Greg, this is Greg. So we were very pleased with both sides of the business. We're very pleased with the positive results we had, both in traffic and ticket average on both sides of the business. Similar to what we saw last year when government stimulus was introduced, the DIY side of our business typically benefits more quickly and more favorably than the DIFM side. With the benefit that we saw in March and, to a lesser degree, I guess, in January, that really impacted the DIY side of the business and broadened that spread over what we saw in the past couple of quarters, more similar to what we saw when the last incentive was in place, I guess, was the second or third quarter last year.
Gregory Melich: Got it. So both strong, but there's still DIY, as long as that stimulus is there, that the gap really isn't narrowing, right?
Gregory Johnson: Right.
Gregory Melich: Got it. And then I guess the follow-up would be on Mayasa. I'm just curious how the business there has gone, both from an integration standpoint and just actual demand.
Gregory Johnson: Jeff, do you want to take that one?
Jeff Shaw: Yes. Greg, obviously, the pandemic really impacted our ability to get down and work with the team last year. I mean we basically had to handle everything we've done via Zoom calls. But integration is going well. The team performed strong. They had a really good year last year. They were impacted by the pandemic in Mexico, somewhat like we were. Probably not as drastically and it was a little bit later, but business picked back up strong, and they finished the year strong. And everything is going good. Hopefully, as the pandemic eases we can get back down there and work with the team and continue the integration. But we're really excited about Mexico and the team and what they've accomplished.
Operator: Bret Jordan with Jefferies, your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Could you talk a little bit about the contribution of share gains to your results and maybe the -- sort of the magnitude of share gains in the DIFM versus the DIY business?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. It's a great question, and I wish I had a great answer for it. It's -- we know that the share gains are a contributor for the quarter. But we also know that stimulus is a contributor for the quarter, and weather is a contributor for the quarter. So it's hard to differentiate how much of the benefit in the quarter was from share gain. And I'll tell you, if you talk to our stores up and down the streets, they'll tell you that we are, without a doubt, taking share. They're seeing repeat customers. We're focused on making sure we're providing a high level of service to all those customers. And we still feel like we're hanging on to some of that share gain, both from big box and from some of the smaller 2-steppers. I just don't really have a good way to quantify how much of the sales improvement was from -- specifically from share gain.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then maybe just give us a little color on the regional spread and performance. And maybe what were the standout regions and maybe the gap between the weakest and the strongest areas?
Gregory Johnson: Sure. Jeff, do you want that one?
Jeff Shaw: Yes. With over 5,600 stores out there all across the country, there's always going to be markets that we just know that we can do better in. And that's what our sales and ops team are out there focused on every day. But honestly, we're pretty pleased with our performance across all our markets in the first quarter, really exceeding our expectations on both sides of the business since May of last year. And that trend really continued into the first quarter of 2021 as well. Now our newer markets in the Northeast and the Southeast continue to ramp up strongly, just as you expect they would, based on the maturity of that group of stores. But as Greg mentioned in his prepared comments there, February was a little softer for us, especially in our Southern markets. And that was really due to the -- just the severe winter weather they experienced that they're just not accustomed to. But we always do everything in our power to make sure that we're there for our customers when these type of weather events occur. Whether it's extreme weather -- winter weather like we just experienced or a flood or wildfires out West or hurricane, we always do our best to be the local store, the last store to close and the first store to open during these catastrophic events. We just know how important it is to be there for our customers that are living through these type of disasters and need parts. And this commitment is top-notch customer service, just really, it occurs at store level, one customer and one store at a time. And I just can't say enough about how proud we are of our store and DC teams as well as our support teams there in the offices.
Operator: Chris Horvers with JPMorgan, your line is open.
Christopher Horvers: So I want to follow up on the April commentary. Obviously, it's -- last year, April was a bit of tale of 2 halves. You have the, sort of, impact of shelter in place and the drop in miles driven early. But you talked about -- and your peers have talked about a big pickup when stimulus hit, sort of, mid- to late month in April last year. But you also raised -- so I know we're parsing out a shorter period of time. But can you talk about what you've seen as you've lapsed stimulus last year in the business, whether it's on a 1- or 2-year basis or DIY versus do-it-for-me?
Thomas McFall: Chris, this is Tom. So it's unusual for us to include the quarter that we're in and provide updates to our guidance and include that. So when the stimulus hit this year, business accelerated beyond our expectations. And as Greg talked about, especially on the DIY side of the business -- so we've included that in our guide and talked about it being strong because of that driver. To parse out the individual weeks is something that we're not going to do. But I would tell you that throughout April, we've been very pleased with our performance, and it's been above expectation.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then on the gross margin, I see the -- relative to 4Q, I see the LIFO delta versus 4Q. And I know that mix was probably an easier mix comparison on the DIY front last year in the first quarter. The other piece seems to be the supply chain. It seems like you got a lot more leverage this quarter relative to the fourth quarter. So trying to parse out what changed there. Was there some higher incentives perhaps you paid to supply chain workers in the fourth quarter? Or what was the change? And any thoughts on where you might end up in the range for the year would be helpful.
Thomas McFall: Chris, as you know, we don't talk about our actual distribution costs as a percent of sales. Our comments are in relation to the first quarter of last year, though significant leverage this year helped our gross margin improvement. In relation to the fourth quarter, we continue to work hard to push a lot of volume through our boxes more than was really ever designed. So our teams, as Greg said, have done an outstanding job of making that happen. But whenever we see these high volumes, we're going to have more leverage than we normally would, offset by inefficiencies just created by how, [indiscernible] high, the volume that are going through the DCs is.
Christopher Horvers: Right. So is the -- a 25 versus the 11 is the essential big difference?
Thomas McFall: Our comments are versus last year's negative 1, the 2.
Operator: Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets, your line is open.
Robert Ciccarelli: Scot Ciccarelli. So on your updated outlook, and Tom, you obviously just kind of referenced what you're experiencing so far in April, is there any change to your prior back half expectations? Or is the increase in guidance really just reflective of the 1Q upside and some increase in 2Q due to the April start?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Scot, this is Greg. It's the latter. Early in the year on our fourth quarter call, we talked about the uncertainty and all the unknowns that we would face in 2021, including government subsidies and weather and miles driven and vaccine availability and all those things. So our updated guide is based solely on performance to date through this point in April. We've made the same assumptions that we made first part of the year on the back half of the year. And there's just so many unknowns that we didn't make any adjustments for the back half.
Robert Ciccarelli: Perfect. And then, Greg, if I could follow up on one of your other comments regarding the acceleration you saw in the back half of March. Obviously, you had the stimulus benefit this year, but it also coincided with the big drop in sales last year. If you were to look at, let's call it, a 2-year stack, would the back half of March still be a significant outlier on the upside? Or would it start to look a little bit more like the rest of the quarter?
Thomas McFall: Scot, this is Tom. I'll answer that question. So our discussion of performance was versus our expectations. Obviously, our expectations for the end of March were raised comp because of the soft performance last year. Same thing for the beginning of April. So versus our expectations, we have a higher level of expectation. We outperformed that as we've outperformed our expectations all quarter long through the date of this call.
Robert Ciccarelli: Okay. But no commentary on in terms of what that actual line might look like, Tom? The 2 year?
Thomas McFall: Correct.
Operator: Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer, your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Great quarter. Congratulations. So my first one, I apologize, I know a number of questions are focused on stimulus, but I'd want to dive a little deeper into this as well. So clearly, you've called out the stimulus as a benefit to your sales here lately. So I guess my questions are one, I mean, realizing we've had -- there's been a number of stimulus events, so to say, through the pandemic, how do you -- how would you think about the kind of sustainability of that? And then the demand that it's driving, I know this is difficult to answer. But is it more incremental in nature? Or is there a pull forward aspect to it?
Gregory Johnson: Great questions and a lot of unknowns around those questions, Brian. We did benefit in March and into April. We feel like a significant part of that, that was from stimulus. Unfortunately, we don't know how long that trend will continue. Historically, that's not lasted much beyond a quarter or a few weeks into the following quarter. It has carried on over into April this time, but we just don't know how long that trend will last nor do we know if there'll be additional government stimulus. It seems less likely that there'll be future stimulus this time. But we just really don't know what that will be. Tom, do you want to take the second half?
Thomas McFall: Yes. So in our prepared comments, we did discuss that our -- one of the items that we're thinking about through the remainder of the quarter is when -- was there some pull forward in this big rush of business at the end of March through April. For those of you who followed our industry for a while, you know that there can be some movement between the first and second quarter based on the timing of spring when customers get out and do their spring cleanup. Within this acceleration of business, we're assuming that some of that was pull-forward, and that's inherent within our guidance for the year.
Brian Nagel: Got it. And then my follow-up, if I could, also with regard to sales. But -- so you and others in your industry talked about one of the -- one factor that really helped to drive outsized sales growth through the pandemic last year was this hobbyist customer, someone that maybe got more aggressive through the pandemic. As we now start to approach these more difficult comparisons, how are you seeing that portion of your business track?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Brian, some days, I wish I wouldn't have even called that out. Because we called it out more of an anomaly, that car care -- I'm sorry, washes, waxes, a lot of performance products, we just saw more growth than we typically see last year. Now when you compare that to batteries and a lot of other hard part categories, sales were much stronger in those categories last year than they were in these, what you call, hobby categories. But we called it out last year because there was some sort of an anomaly. When you look at 2021 performance in the first quarter, we did sell a lot of car care products, and performance was still -- performed very well. As a matter of fact, all of our categories performed well. But when you look at those categories, those unusual categories that spike, performance -- there's an enthusiast out there that buys performance parts day in and day out, but your average consumer doesn't buy a lot of performance parts. They buy OE replacement parts. So we have seen that trend continue, but probably to a lesser degree than what we saw last year. But again, that's really not a significant driver to the comp. The more significant driver for our core categories, battery, brakes, under car, things like that, which also have performed very well this year.
Operator: Michael Lasser with UBS, your line is open.
Michael Lasser: Recognizing that there is a lot of uncertainty and you're very early in the second quarter, if we assume that you comp up mid-single digits in Q2 to get to the high end of your 1% to 3% comp guidance for the full year, it would imply that you'll do mid- to high single-digit comp decline in the back half of the year. In that case, your compound annual growth rate for sales would be a couple of hundred basis points below where you've been running on compound annual growth rate for a long time.  Should we assume that's what you have embedded in your guidance for demand being pulled forward? I know there's a lot in that question, trying to frame this all out.
Thomas McFall: Okay. Michael, I'm going to try to answer your question. You were breaking up a little bit. I'm not sure the premise of your question that you started with is accurate. We're obviously not providing quarterly guidance this year as we've done in the past. But what I'd like to remind everyone is that when we discussed the second quarter last year in quite a bit of detail, after 2 or 3 weeks in April, on the onset of the pandemic that were very difficult and then we saw stimulus come in and the business reverse, that carried through May and June. And May and June are our toughest compares of the year. So I'm uncertain that the premise you laid out at the beginning is how we're thinking about the business when we look at 2-year stacks and performance on a monthly basis for the full year.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Michael, if you look at the dollars as opposed to the percentages on a 2-year basis, I think our projections are still pretty aggressive.
Michael Lasser: Understood. That's very helpful. My second question is, over the last few months, what's been the internal conversation about taking some of this remarkable sales strength and using it to reinvest back into operating expenses in the business? Inevitably, labor -- the labor market is going to get tighter, wage growth is going to increase. Would it -- does it better prepare you for the long run if you take some of this short-term strength and reinvest it back in the business?
Thomas McFall: Okay. I'll answer that question. We've always had a very long-term view on payroll. And when business is not as good as we'd like it to be, that doesn't mean, especially on the professional side of the business, the customer experience expectations go down. Customer service requirements actually go up. When the business is really good like it is now, it's hard, as Jeff talked about in his prepared comments, to add enough staff to keep up with that. And what we don't want to do is add more staff than we're going to need in the foreseeable future. Our focus, and then I'll turn it over to Jeff, has been on more full-time people, and we want to make sure that we're planning appropriately for the long term. Jeff, would you like to add to that?
Jeff Shaw: Well, you pretty well covered it, Tom. But there again, I mean, we've always taken a long-term view on staffing and doing what's right for our business kind of store by store and really making sure that we staff to grow the -- provide excellent customer service and grow our business, and that varies by store. We've definitely -- we skewed to hiring back more full-time team members. And it's just a full-time team member provides -- those are more tenured. They're more experienced, and they provide just a higher level of service. And one of our -- I guess, our weaknesses for a long time that we're really focused on is just improving our service levels on our nights and weekends and really trying to shore up there. And that's been a big initiative for several years now, and we feel we're making pretty good headway on that.
Operator: David Bellinger with Wolfe Research, your line is open.
David Bellinger: Great quarter. So my first question here is just on parts inflation. I think last quarter, you indicated a 1 percentage point increase was embedded in your full year forecast. And I think you called out 1.5% in Q1 alone. So how high could same SKU inflation go over the balance of the year? Can you talk about the magnitude of some of the price increases you're seeing now? And was that a factor in raising full year sales guidance at all?
Thomas McFall: Wow, that's a tough question. There have been pressures on supply chains within our industry and in the economy in general and shipping pressures. So how soon those ease and how we come out of the pandemic will determine that. We hear the word transitory a lot from economists. To the extent that they persist, we could see higher inflation than we had projected. We saw a little bit higher than expected here in the first quarter, although we expected that to ease in the back half of the year. To the extent it doesn't, we are going to remain rational in our pricing, and we would expect the industry to also remain rational.
David Bellinger: Got it. Okay. And maybe just a follow-up on that. Is there potentially something [Technical Difficulty].
Thomas McFall: I'm sorry, we're having a hard time hearing your question.
David Bellinger: Sorry. Just to follow up on that last one. Is there anything different about the inflationary backdrop now? Can some of those price increases that are normally passed through, can those be used as a competitive lever to keep these new and reacquired customers in your system?
Thomas McFall: When we look at pricing, for the vast majority of the things we sell, they're need based. We are -- we want to be competitive in price, but we really want to win on service. So when we look at what's the appropriate pricing, we manage that on a SKU-by-SKU, store-by-store market basis. But we expect to continue to follow the pricing strategy that we've used for a long time that's made us successful.
Operator: Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Katharine McShane: I just wanted to follow-up on the inflation question but -- when it comes to gross margins. So if there is more inflation that comes down the pipe, would there be a quarter or two delay of when you would see that in the gross margin? And as DIFM does come back here as hopefully, miles driven resume and gas demand goes up, how does that come into play with your gross margin guidance for the year?
Thomas McFall: Okay. So when we see price inflation, we want to react in a timely basis. Part of that depends on what -- how much inventory we have, what the competitiveness of the market is. But our expectation is that if we're going to have acquisition price increases, we're going to attempt to maintain a gross margin percentage. And those additional dollars that come with rising prices will help offset SG&A rising prices because they go hand in hand. On the professional side of the business, our guidance for the year was that we were going to have very tough compares on the DIY side of the business and the professional is going to continue to grow. And professional carries a lower gross margin because those customers are buying with volume discounts. So that was inherent within our guide for the year, that we would have stronger growth on the professional side of the business. And as Greg called out in our first quarter, part of the gross margin growth above our expectation was due to DIY growing faster.
Operator: Liz Suzuki with Bank of America, your line is open.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Just a question on the competitive environment. Are you seeing any changes in promotional behavior on pricing to pros in particular as that segment recovers? I guess in other words, is there a grab for market share in what's now the faster-growing channel that could result in some gross margin pressure going forward?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Jeff, do you want to take that one?
Jeff Shaw: Sure. I'd say overall pricing remains pretty rational. I mean you see certain regional players maybe that run certain deal certain times of the year. But all in all, across the board, pricing is pretty rational. We obviously stay on top of it and react accordingly to make sure that our price is always competitive in the marketplace and then really focus on winning with availability, service and relationship.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great. And just a follow-up on the competitive landscape. So I mean, last year was clearly a very disruptive environment for the auto aftermarket, but a lot of small businesses also received support from PPP loans, so we didn't see maybe as much M&A as we might have expected in that kind of environment. So how does the pipeline for potential acquisition targets look today?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Liz, I would say that our industry actually performed pretty well. There are some small players that we're having conversations with that may be an opportunity for us to acquire. We're looking -- we're always looking at acquisition targets. We're always looking for strategic acquisition targets that are a bargain or a competitive advantage or a market that we need to move into, and we value those acquisitions accordingly based on the value to -- that it brings to the company. There's just not a lot of bigger acquisition targets, larger chains left out there that are in markets that we don't already have exposure to. So really, what we're focused on is the smaller acquisitions. And when I say smaller acquisitions, I mean, 1, 2, 3, maybe 5, 10 store chains, just whatever comes down the pipe. We would absolutely be open to some companies the size of a bond or a vintage that may have 20, 30, 40 stores, should those come available. We also continue to look for acquisition opportunities outside of the U.S. as well.
Jeff Shaw: What I would add to that is our history shows that we're a willing participant to consolidate the industry. When we look at the players that are still out there that would be a target for us, the players that are left are strong performers. And those performers tend to come up for sale when there's a change in ownership or it's a family-run business, and they're not going to pass it on to the next generation. So that acquisition pipeline is more determined by individual events at different chains than macroeconomic circumstances.
Operator: Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo, your line is open.
Zachary Fadem: I have a longer-term question on the DIY business. Obviously, having a great moment right now and plenty of one-off drivers. But considering the rising population of older vehicles on the road, curious how you think about the DIY industry structurally and whether you think the long-term run rate could be higher versus prepandemic.
Gregory Johnson: Yes. It's a great question, Zach. The fact that new car sales are softer and used car sales have been pretty strong, a lot of that's based on supply and demand, that's good for our industry. That's good for our industry for a couple of reasons. One is, as you allude to, the DIY channel, a lot more of those maintenance repairs and maintenance cycles can be performed in the DIY channel. And also, most of the time or a significant portion of the time, I should say, those vehicles are probably out of warranty. So they're out of the warranty period. The consumer has two options: option A is to go to their independent garage, one of our professional customers; or two, do the repairs themselves. Or take it back to the dealer, which most consumers probably would not choose because of the cost factor of making those repairs. I think we've seen over the past year a willingness of the DIY consumer to do more repairs and maintenance on their vehicles than we have historically seen. Is that going to be -- is that going to continue into the future? It's hard to say. I sure hope it does. As I've said in the past, I think that there's some traditions involved here. I remember changing the oil in my car with my dad when I was younger. And hopefully, some of these traditions where you had a father showing their children how to change the oil and maybe change suspension or breaks, the easy repairs, hopefully, a lot of that sticks and stays in the DIY channel. But either way, whether it's the DIY channel or the DIFM channel, the strength in used car sales should benefit our industry and the aftermarket.
Zachary Fadem: That makes sense. And my follow-up for Tom, last quarter, you suggested your gross margin rate on an ex LIFO basis would be fairly consistent through fiscal '21. But given the Q1 outperformance and changes in same SKU inflation, I'm curious if you could update us on your latest thinking here.
Thomas McFall: Well, I'll have to look back at the transcript. I think that I said our -- we expect our gross margin to be pretty similar, all in. Obviously, we had a little better performance than we thought during the first quarter, not enough to make us want to change our range.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Jack. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued hard work in delivering a record-setting quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is GeeGee, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, GeeGee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our fourth quarter 2020 results and our outlook for 2021. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning, are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman are also present on the call. To begin today's call, I would like to congratulate team O'Reilly on delivering a truly remarkable year in 2020. At this time last year, when we first provided our outlook for 2020, we could never have anticipated the challenges we would face during the year. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted every facet of daily life in the United States, and has required our teams to show tremendous flexibility and executing our business model and taking care of our customers. There simply aren't words to describe the selfless dedication, hard work and sacrifices our team members in our stores, distribution centers and offices demonstrated during 2020.  From the onset of the pandemic, we have closely monitored and quickly adapted to evolving information, recommendations and requirements issued by public health agencies and state and local governments, as we continually update our protocols and procedures to ensure best practices are followed. Our top priority continues to be the protection of health and safety of our team members and customers, while meeting the critical needs of our customers as an essential service provider. Before I move on to the rest of our prepared comments today, I want to thank team O'Reilly for your amazing dedication and performance during an incredibly challenging and successful 2020. The bedrock of our company's success since our founding 63 years ago, has been providing excellent customer service and never has the value we provide to our customer has been more evident than during the past year. Our team consistently stepped up to the plate to meet our customers critical needs in the midst of extremely challenging circumstances and delivered record-breaking results in 2020, highlighted by full-year comparable store sales growth of 10.9% and an annual operating profit of 26%. 2020 represents our 28th consecutive year of comparable store sales growth, record revenue and operating income of none of the 27 preceding years was anything like 2020. Now we will cover our fourth quarter results and the full-year expectations supporting our 2021 guidance. Our comparable store sales for the fourth quarter grew at 11.2%. As we discussed on the last two quarters calls, we anticipated that sales were to return to a level which was closer to our expectations from the record setting pace we saw in the middle of the year. But we remain very pleased with how steady and elevated our sales have been. From a cadence perspective, after starting the quarter on a strong trend, as noted on our last conference call, we saw sales moderate somewhat in November, but finished December with the strongest performance of the quarter, as we saw our robust underlying sales trends supplemented by a benefit from cold weather categories. The composition of our strong sales performance in the fourth quarter continued the trends weve experienced in the past two quarters with our DIY business being a stronger contributor during the quarter, driven by robust increases in both ticket comp counts  ticket count comps and average ticket comps. However, our professional business also performed well and strengthened as we progress through the quarter. Our average ticket growth in the quarter and full year 2020 exceeded our expectations, despite a limited benefit from inflation, indicating a continued ability and willingness of our customers to work on larger projects. From a category standpoint, we continue to see broad based, robust sales trends across all categories with very strong performance and our DIY outfront categories and batteries. Even in an environment of pressure on total miles driven as a result of the pandemic, we saw continued brisk sales in our under car hard part categories. As we look forward to 2021, we remain very confident about the health of the automotive aftermarket. And we're monitoring several potential tailwind and headwinds that affect our outlook for the coming year. Well as it is impossible to quantify the exact impact of the various factors that drove the surge in volume we experienced in 2020, we believe our industry benefited from several positive tailwinds that contributed to our extremely strong performance.  In the early stages of the pandemic government stimulus payments and enhanced unemployment benefits under the CARES Act provided immediate demand in our markets and have helped shore up the U.S. consumer, even in the face of increased unemployment. However, the strength of demand in our industry has stayed very strong throughout 2020. And it is also clear that we've benefited from an increased willingness by DIY consumers to invest in repairing and maintaining their vehicles for a number of reasons. As we've seen repeatedly in previous economic cycles, the current economic uncertainty drives consumers to defer new car purchases, and invest in keeping their existing vehicles on the road. The trend in 2020 for DI wires to take on larger jobs, reflects this renewed focus on addressing underperformed maintenance. We also believe the strength we've seen and what have typically been more discretionary appearance and accessory categories reflects a shift in consumers allocating more of their time and spend to their vehicles and away from spending on other activities not possible during the pandemic. As we evaluate the staying power of increased demand, and we've seen in the DIY side of our business in 2020, we remain cautious knowing that some of those tailwinds to automotive aftermarket demand may soften as we move further past the economic disruption brought on by the pandemic. However, we have been encouraged by how resilient the strong sales trends have been as we've moved past the injection of additional dollars into the economy, and remain confident that consumers will continue to see value in repairing and maintaining their vehicle in a difficult economic environment as we've seen during similar periods in our history. We've also been pleased with our performance even in the face of declines in miles driven in the U.S., driven by decreased employment, and increased work-from-home arrangements, as well as a slower pace of economic activity. The performance of our professional business took longer to stabilize after the initial pandemic shutdowns due to the consumers initial reluctance to take their vehicle to a professional installer shop for repairs and the demographics of the consumers on this side of the business, making them more likely to work-from-home and drive less. The professional business began to turn around in May and delivered solid above plan results for the third and fourth quarter. However, for the full year, our professional business was below our expectations. While sustained pressure to miles driven is a long-term negative term business, we're encouraged that we've performed well in the current environment, and believe we will benefit as miles driven returns to historical norms post pandemic. While it is evident that these positive tailwinds, we have experienced have also benefited the entire automotive aftermarket, our extremely strong results in 2020 were also driven by significant share gains. We offer a compelling value proposition to our customers, providing excellent customer service through well-equipped, technically proficient team of professional parts people, leveraging industry-leading parts availability. The strength of this business  I'm sorry, the strength of this business model, and our team who work tirelessly to keep our stores open, stocked and supplied, was and continues to be a huge advantage in an incredibly difficult environment, and differentiates us from the experience offered by some of our competitors and big box stores. Each new customer is hard won, and our team remains committed to deliver on the promise of outstanding customer service in each store every day. We're confident the goodwill we've created for meeting our customers essential needs during this crisis, will drive customer loyalty and earn their repeat business. As we have thought through the dynamics of demand in our industry and our performance over the last several quarters, with a focus and looking forward to 2021, we remain confident in the strength of our industry and the ability for our team to continue to produce strong top line sales. However, we have experienced a tremendous surge in our business after the initial onset of the pandemic and we remain cautious as we plan for the coming year in anticipation of continued, significant uncertainty and the potential for volatility in our results. On the professional side of our business, we expect solid performance throughout the year as we anticipate our current momentum to continue as miles driven continues to rebound. However, on the DIY side of the business, we face extremely difficult comparisons beginning in April, as we left the biggest surge in demand in a short period of time in our company's history. As a result, we are guiding to a comparable store sales range of down 2% to flat versus comparable store sales growth of 10.9% in 2020, with the most significant pressure in that outlook expected for the second and third quarters as we left the record volumes. Thus far in 2021 we have been pleased with our results, as our strong sales trends have continued, and we've benefited from additional government stimulus and favorable winter weather. For 2021, we are reinstating our practice of providing selected annual guidance. As we move through 2021, we anticipate well face significant quarter-to-quarter uncertainty, as the broader impact of recovery from the pandemic is difficult to predict. The potential volatility, coupled with dramatic different comparisons to the unique business trends we saw play out in 2020, makes it extremely difficult to project the timing and cadence of our business with a high degree of certainty. As a result, we're limiting our guidance to expectations for the full year of 2021 and not providing guidance for individual quarters. As a final note, on our outlook, our guidance doesn't incorporate any further benefits from additional government stimulus or unemployment benefits since the timing and ultimate impact of these measures is difficult to project. As we move through 2021, we will update our annual guidance as appropriate, as we could see more significant volatility than we have historically, as our industry and the U.S. economy charts, of course, out of this pandemic. Moving on to gross margin. For the fourth quarter our gross margin of 52% was a 131-basis point decrease from the fourth quarter of 2019 gross margin. The reduction from last year was driven by a reduced LIFO benefit from the impact of merchandise purchased in 2019 before tariff-related cost increases, as well as the planned, expected dilution from Mayasa. Both impacts are consistent with the pressure experienced in the third quarter and in-line with our expectations. As a reminder, on the tariff cost impact through 2019, we received a gross margin benefit from the sell-through of pre-tariff, on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to the tariff driven acquisition price increases in 2018, and 2019 and we have experienced headwinds in the back half of 2020 as we compare it against this 2019 benefit. We also experienced headwinds to gross margin in the fourth quarter related to the expiration of certain tariff exclusions we had received in the back half of 2019 that expired in 2020. For the full year, gross margin came in at 52.4%. And for 2021, we expect our gross margin to be in the range of 52.2% to 52.7%. For the quarter, earnings per share of $5.40 represents an increase of 27% over $4.25 in the fourth quarter of 2019. For the full year earnings per share were $23.53, which represents a 32% increase over 2019. For 2021, our guidance is $22.70 to $22.90, representing a decrease of 3% versus 2020 at the midpoint. However, on a two-year compounded annual growth rate basis compared to 2019, our expected 2021 diluted earnings per share represents a forecasted annual increase of 12.9%. Our EPS guidance includes the impact of shares repurchase through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. To finish my comments, I want to again offer my appreciation to team O'Reilly for an outstanding year. We truly have the best team in the country and we couldn't be prouder of your hard work and dedication to our customers in 2020. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg. And good morning, everyone. I want to start by adding my congratulations and expressing my sincere appreciation to team O'Reilly for another incredible quarter and an amazing full year performance in 2020. 2020 has presented wave after wave of changes. And our teams have consistently stepped up to the challenge to run our business and take care of our customers. Challenges remain in 2021. And our teams remain committed as ever to deliver an exceptional service and value to our customers. At this time of year, we would normally be returning from our leadership conference, which is a huge in-person gathering of all of our store, field and DC leadership, where we enhance our product knowledge and technical proficiency, showcase new tools and strategies to improve our customer service and take market share and to recognize outstanding achievement throughout our company. Even though this year's event had to take on a new format as our first ever virtual conference, we had an extremely successful event and no slogan could be more on target than our conference theme of O'Reilly strong. That O'Reilly strength was on full display throughout 2020, and we're especially proud of the daily sacrifices our team made to go the extra mile to take care of our customers' critical needs while also ensuring that the health and safety of our team members and customers remain the top priority. Now I'd like to spend some time covering our SG&A and operating profit performance in 2020 and our outlook for 2021. For the fourth quarter, we generated an impressive increase in operating margin of 111 basis points and an operating profit dollar growth of 21%. For the full year, the improvements were 193 basis points and 26% of operating profit dollar growth yielding a record 20.9% operating margin. This increase in operating profit results for 2020 was driven by the combination of a robust 10.9% comparable store sales growth, and very limited per store SG&A growth of 1.2% after adjusting for leap day resulting in leverage of SG&A of 263 basis points. As we've discussed since our second quarter 2020 was a very unique year in our industry as the onset and progression of the pandemic created extreme short-term sales volatility in our business. Our corresponding actions to execute significant cost control measures to protect the company at the onset of the pandemic and our caution and adding back SG&A dollars created a situation where very strong sales generated levels of profitability that far exceeded historical performance and are not sustainable nor healthy for the long-term success of our business. As we move through 2020, we've redeployed more SG&A dollars back in our stores to adjust the current  to the current sales environment. We have continued to see sales outrun the growth of our SG&A and drive significant leverage. In establishing our operating margin guidance for 2021, we're projecting an increase in SG&A per store of approximately 2.5% after adjusting for leap day in 2020. This outlet reflects our plans to continue to actively manage our cost structure to provide excellent customer service to match the sales environment and ensure we're allocating sufficient resources to the image and appearance of our stores and the training and development of our team members. Even with the continued prudent outlook on managing SG&A, we will face very challenging comparisons in the middle of 2021 to the deliberate significant cost reductions we executed in 2020. As we've evaluated our forecast for 2021, we've looked in the rear view mirror to not only last year, but 2019 as well. As compared to 2019, our current expectations for per store SG&A growth drive solid incremental leverage reflecting lessons learned as we've navigated through the high levels of sales and productivity gains in 2020, especially as we capitalize on the quality and experience of our team. As always, we don't manage our business for short-term results, but we'll invest the dollars necessary to provide the excellent customer service that drives our long-term success. Our assumptions for operating costs include anticipated wage pressures in line with existing minimum white statutes currently scheduled, but does not include potential further increases at a federal, state or local level, nor does it include any incremental top line inflation assumptions that we believe would result from the legislation. Based on relatively flat gross margin and increasing operating expenses, we expect operating profit to decline between 150 basis points and 200 basis points from 2020s, phenomenal results. However, our operating profit guidance range of 19% to 19.5% of sales represent solid growth from the 18.9% operating profit that we achieved in 2019. Our capital expenditures for 2020 are $466 million, which was lower than our typical capital expand and was below our original plan coming into 2020. At the onset of the pandemic in the second quarter, we prioritize financial stability and flexibility. And as we move forward in a COVID-19 world, we reset our expectations for new store DC and capital project development. Our number one priority is to drive strong returns on our investments by ensuring our new stores start with a great store team to provide excellent customer service from day one. And our projects are completed successfully to enhance our service and drive efficiencies. We resumed our capital deployment plan in the back half of 2020, and in line with our revised plans, we were successful in opening 156 net new stores in 2020, including our first greenfield new store opening in Mexico during the fourth quarter. We've been very pleased with our team's ability to successfully open great new store locations in a very difficult year in our 2020 stores are off to a great start. For 2021, we're setting our capital expenditure guidance at $550 million to $650 million. We've also established a target of 165 to 175 new store openings. Our new store target is higher than our new store openings in 2020, but it still restrained by expected delays in regards to design and permitting approvals. We feel confident that we can achieve our target and open another strong class in new stores, but we'll be dependent on local market conditions and municipal agencies for us to stay on our development schedule. After the successful opening of our newest distribution facility in 2020 in Lebanon, Tennessee, we have another major distribution project on the horizon for 2021. With the completion and opening of our new DC in Horn Lake, Mississippi, which is just South of Memphis in the second quarter of this year. This new DC will be approximately 580,000 square feet. And our initial plan is to build out capacity to service 250 stores servicing over 220 stores at start-up. The new DC will provide us with additional capacity for store growth in this region of the country and provide flexibility for the surrounding DC. While also accommodating a broader skew capacity increase in our breadth of hard to find parts and allowing us to provide an even higher level of service through the Memphis metropolitan area markets. Our distribution teams are very experienced at planning, designing, building, and opening our new DCs. And we're looking forward to another successful project in 2021. Outside of our new store and distribution growth, we've also identified several exciting projects and initiatives in 2021 to enhance the service we provide our customers and drive strong returns. Several of these projects were included in our 2020 plan, but were delayed as we monitored our business to ensure a successful rollout while prioritizing the immediate needs of our customers during the pandemic. Finally, we continue to invest heavily in enhancing our omni-channel capabilities to meet our customers on their terms with solutions that meet their specific needs, whether they visit a store, call us or click. As it relates to our Mexico operations in Mexico, our new store growth target includes five new stores that we have slated to open towards the end of 2021, but we're still in the early stages of our expansion plans and don't expect a meaningful capital spend in Mexico this year. Our collaboration with our Mayasa team members was excellent in 2020, and we continue to learn these new markets and lay a strong foundation for future growth.  Before I turn the call over to Tom, I want to once again thank team O'Reilly for their dedication and hard work in 2020. Now I'll turn the call to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all the team of O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our customers, which drove our record setting performance in the fourth quarter and full year of 2020. Now, we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and our guidance for 2021. For the quarter, sales increased $346 million comprised of the $273 million increase in comp store sales, a $51 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $25 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $3 million decrease from permanently closed stores. For 2021, we expect our total revenues to be between $11.5 billion and $11.8 billion. As Greg previously mentioned, gross margin for the fourth quarter decreased 131 basis points to 52%, which was driven by the year-over-year comparison to significant gross margin benefits we captured in the fourth quarter of 2019 related to sell through a pre-tariff on hand inventory and tariff exclusions on certain product lines, as well as dilution from the acquisition of Mayasa. Looking at the fourth quarter of standalone, we had a positive impact from LIFO of $6 million, down from $23 million in 2019. Included within our guidance for 2021 is a larger anticipated positive impact from LIFO, which will offset pressure to our POS margins from the expiration of tariff exclusions we've benefited from in the first half of 2020. We received a very minor benefit from same skew inflation in the fourth quarter of 2020 in line with our expectations. And our outlook for 2021 for sales and gross margin includes a muted expectation for same skew inflation of 1%. The pricing environment remains rational, and we expect that to continue. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 21.4% of pre-tax income comprised to the base rate of 21.8% reduced by a 0.4% benefit from share-based compensation. This compares to the fourth quarter of 2019 rate of 20.6% of pre-tax income, which was comprised with a base rate of 23.8% reduced by a 3.2% benefit for share-based compensation. The fourth quarter of 2020 base rates as compared to 2019 benefited from renewable energy tax credits in line with our expectations. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 22.7% of pre-tax income comprise for the base rate of 23.4%, reduced by a 0.7% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full year of 2021, we expect an effective tax rate of 23% comprised to the base rate of 23.4% reduced by a benefit of 0.4% for share-based compensation. We expect the fourth quarter rate to be lower than the other three quarters due to the expected timing of benefits from a renewable energy tax credits and tolling of certain tax periods in the fourth quarter. These expectations assume no significant changes to existing tax codes. Also variations in the tax benefit for share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now, we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results and our expectations for 2021. Free cash flow for 2020 was $2.2 billion versus $1 billion in 2019, the significant increase of $1.2 billion or 115% was driven by an increase in operating income, a reduction in net inventory and deferral of tax payments under the CARES Act and a reduction in capes. In 2021, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.3 billion with the year-over-year decrease due increase net inventory investment, lower operating profit on slower sales growth in a more normal SG&A spend, increased CapEx as Jeff previously outlined, and an increase in cash payroll taxes paid as half of the taxes deferred in the 2020 CARES Act will be paid at the end of 2021. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was 650,000, which was up 2.8% from the end of last year. I want to touch briefly on our per store inventory growth in 2020 and our plans for 2021. We came into 2020 and have developed a plan to further enhance our store level inventory position and build on our industry leading parts availability and targeted per store inventory growth of 5%. This increase was driven by just over a $100 million of additional inventory in our store and hub network above and beyond our normal new store and typical product additions. As we move through 2020, we needed to refocus our priorities to support the extremely solid sales volumes and replenishment needs of our stores, and had to delay some of the inventory initiatives we have planned and finished the year below our original plan at an inventory increase of 2.8%. For 2021, we plan to complete our 2020 inventory expansion plan and expect per store inventory to increase approximately 4%. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the quarter was 114.5%, which was significantly higher than our normal ratio in heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns in the last nine months of the year. We anticipate our AP to inventory ratio to come back off of these historic highs as we complete our inventory initiatives and our sales growth moderates. Our current expectation is to finish 2021 at a ratio of approximately 109%. Moving on to debt. We finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.03 times as compared to the end of 2019 of 2.34 times, with the reduction driven by the significant growth in our EBITDA during 2020. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5 times and we will approach that number when appropriate. After a brief pause at the onset of the pandemic, we've continued to execute our share repurchase program. And for 2020, based on the strength of our business, we were able to repurchase 4.8 million shares at an average share price of $431.93 for a total investment of $2.1 billion. Subsequent to the end of the year and through the date of our press release, we repurchased 0.7 million shares at an average share price of $447.40.  We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by the expected future discounted cash flows for our business. And we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to shareholders. As we evaluate our liquidity leverage, use of capital and share repurchase program, moving forward, we'll continue to prioritize maintaining our strong financial position, including the investment grade rating on our public debt. We have a long history of conservatively managing our balance sheet, and we'll continue to take prudent steps to ensure the long-term health and stability of our company. Before I open up our call to your questions, I'd like to congratulate the O'Reilly team and a great 2020 and thank them for their continued dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask GeeGee, the operator to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Simeon Gutman: Hey, good morning, everyone. My first question is on the sales line. Can you talk about in the outlook, the minus 20 comp? Can you talk about your assumption for industry growth versus market share? And if there's any commentary you can provide looking backwards on the 11% comp that you did in 2020. And I know, I think Greg Johnson mentioned in his prepared remarks that under car was doing well in despite miles driven being down. Can  does that  should that make us more tempered about how the industry should recover as miles driven resumed to starts to grow again? Thanks.
Greg Johnson: Tom, do you want to take that one off?
Tom McFall: Okay. So on the guidance for the comps of negative two to flat, we break that into two pieces. We didn't see the incredible upside on the professional side of the business that we saw on the DIY side of the business and consumers have more time on their hands. They had government money in their pocket book. And as we talked about, took on larger projects, some of which are very atypical for economic downturns, where they were working on projects and making sure their vehicles were maintained.  So when we look at the professional side of the business, we continue to see growth on that side of the business. On the DIY side of the business much more cyclical. And after the huge gains in 2020, we'd expect them to be pressured in 2021. On the miles driven, it kind of feeds off of that same comment. We would expect as miles driven to increase that our business will see a positive impact from that, with the caveat that we sell a lot of DIY projects during the year, ultimately for our business to be up that much. Consumers were being more proactive in maintaining their vehicles and the amount of underperformed or unperformed maintenance decreased.
Greg Johnson: Yes. I add to add to that. Simeon, on the category question, we were pleased with our performance across the board. I did call out under car, really the only categories that underperformed were weather and miles driven related things like lighting and wipers were softer than what we would have liked to seen. But one of the shifts that we saw during the quarter, and I also called this out is the willingness and ability of the DIY customer to take on larger jobs than perhaps they would have historically. And for example, some are under car lines, like brakes really performed well and better than expected on the DIY side of the business that were typically, that would be a stronger category for the DIFM side.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. Thanks for that. My follow-up is on incremental margins, and I guess maybe more for Tom. If you look back pre-COVID and you mentioned some 2019 stats, your incremental were closer to 20%, I don't know when, we'll get to a new normal, and I appreciate we're not going to give 2022 guidance at this time, but is there any reason why we can't get back to that level when the business can grow again, is the leverage point of the business higher, or can we look at the 2019 and 2018 levels of incremental margin and use that as a normal level going forward?
Tom McFall: I don't think that the incremental leverage points for our business have changed, 2020 was such a dramatic year with sales being softer at the beginning of the year, and then down significantly at the onset of the pandemic. And that protects the health of the business. We made dramatic cuts in our expenses and then mid April sales turn directly north. So it was a very unusual circumstance. We weren't sure how long that was going to last. And we're very prudent on adding back SG&A. Obviously sales continue to be exceptionally strong. So comparison to the 2020 metrics is very difficult. That said, I don't think that the core underlying economics of our business have changed. And I think that we will go back to continuing to execute that very similar business model.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. Thanks. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser from UBS. Your line is now open.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. How have you thought about using this period of remarkable [indiscernible] to take a look at your pricing and make any investments in your pricing that might be necessary to ensure your competitiveness with both your traditional and online competitors, and because you did not call out pricing as an impact here, gross margin during the period. And one might think that that given some of the competitive factors out there, especially with one of your large competitors talking about price investments that that would have been the case.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Michael. This is Greg. Really, 2020 was no different than, than any other year. We have competitors out there, both on the professional side of the business and the retail side of the business that there's price movement based on cost inputs, there's price input based on commodities that go into the product there's price inputs based on trying to grow sales, changing suppliers, it's an ongoing battle. And it's something that we face year-over-year and really, we work hard both on the professional side of the business and the retail side of the business to make sure we're priced competitively. And frankly, I don't see 2020 as being any different than any other year in that respect. We did the same things. We passed along cost increases where we could as we always do, and we closely monitored our competitor pricing trends. So, so really, I don't think we did anything any different in 2020 than we would do any other year.
Michael Lasser: And just to confirm, there were no price investments that were a significant contributor to your gross margin being down more in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter?
Greg Johnson: When we look at our fourth quarter of gross margin versus our third quarter, it was pretty consistent except for on the distribution side. We have lower volumes, so we have less leverage on our distribution costs. And quite frankly, our distribution centers have worked tirelessly all year and some of the normal maintenance and inventory maintenance had to be put aside as we worked to fulfill record volumes, and we had some catching up to do on our distribution side and had to spend additional payroll there.
Michael Lasser: Okay. My follow up question is, as you look out to 2021, it feels are weaker than you expect because there's more demand that was pulled forward than what you anticipated. How would you manage your SG&A and response to that? Will it still be up 2.5%, otherwise, might you have under-invested in operating expenses in 2021 and need to catch up this year, which might limit some of your flexibility?
Greg Johnson: Jeff, you want to start that off and maybe Tom will add to it.
Jeff Shaw: Yes, I just say that we always have managed our SG&A in HR business and we manage our payroll store by store and really adjust to the sales demand in the market. And if sales are a little softer, we adjust accordingly. Maybe it's less hours, it's less overtime, maybe less head count and vice versa like we've seen last year. It's the most dramatic swing we'd ever seen in having a ramp down when it ended up period, we would normally ramp up going into season and it had to immediately try to ramp back up the best we could to meet the incredible sales demand. So it's a  it's always fluid. Last year was incredibly volatile though. We adjust accordingly for the long-term health of our business, and what's best for our customer service.
Tom McFall: Like what I'd add to that is as a multiunit retailer, we have a relatively high fixed cost to operate the stores. I think you saw in 2020 is that if we have the expectation, we're going to have a significant downturn in volumes that we can and will take very active steps to address our SG&A.
Michael Lasser: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Chris Horvers: Thank you. My peers leaving me the opportunity to ask about LIFO, Tom, can we talk about that that the LIFO benefit of 6 million here in the fourth quarter on an absolute basis? Is that a fair assumption as you look into 2021 and on a quarterly basis, or are you expecting that to rise as there's some parts inflation  price inflation coming through, and then more broadly, can you provide some color on sort of gross margin cadence over the year.
Tom McFall: So from a LIFO standpoint $6 million in the fourth quarter. We'd expect to be around that number, maybe just a little bit higher looking at the price increases. We're aware of currently in our expectation from moderate inflation rate of 1% throughout the year. So hopefully that covers our LIFO number obviously was significantly different and lower in 2020 than it was 2019 after the 2018 and 2019 tariff price increases that could change based on the tariffs. But as you know, we plan to continue to exist in the current tariff tax world. And as those change, we make the appropriate changes within our business. When we look at gross margin for next year, I'd tell you that absent any of those significant shifts, we would expect to be relatively flat throughout the year. 
Chris Horvers: Okay. Got it. Okay. Understood. And then I guess, more broadly on the balance sheet and share repurchases either seem to be sticking to this very consistent buyback, which is always been the hallmark of O'Reilly, but at the same time, you are below your long-term leverage target and your valuation is, has dislocated relative to history. As you think about that and think about the opportunity to maybe add some debt to the balance sheet to fuel some extra buyback. Do you want to see what happens in the middle part of the year as you lap through these tremendous stimulus fuel DIY comps, is there some prudence there that you're just trying to play out given that uncertainty?
Greg Johnson: So when we look at our leverage and we look at our plan in 2021 with the lower EBITDA rate. We will have some fluctuations and our rate will go up as some of those quarters roll off. In relation to the buyback, we evaluate where we think the stock is trading in relation to our discounted cash flows, and we're going to continually buy back shares. And when we feel that there's that dislocation, you talked about, we're going to buyback more shares. When we look at 2020, we had suspended our buyback at the onset of the pandemic for an abundance of caution, and to make sure that liquidity is king in those situations. And I think our results show that in good times and bad, our model generates significant cash. And to the extent that we can't deploy that in that way within the business that creates the right ROI, we'll consistently buyback shares and try to buy back more when we think about the market isn't perceiving the value of the stock right? 
Chris Horvers: Understood. Very helpful. Best of luck guys.
Greg Johnson: Thanks.
Tom McFall: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi guys, Scot Ciccarelli. Okay. I think we all recognize that e-commerce historically hasn't been a very big part of your business, but just given the broader acceleration that we've seen in e-com penetration this year, even across sectors, where it's never really been prevalent. Can you update us on the size of your e-commerce business today and how much of that is focused versus shipped-to-home?
Greg Johnson: Scot, here is what I would tell you, our sales overall grew incredible pace this year. And our e-comm sales grew at an incredible pace this year. But the end result is that e-commerce is still a very, very small percentage of our overall sales number. When you break it down by buy online, pick-up in store, or ship-to-store versus, ship, purchase in store, our growth was substantially higher, pick-up in store, ship-to-store, just demonstrating that the consumer again sees tremendous value in coming to our brick-and-mortar business, whether it's curbside pickup, or they actually come into our stores, in lieu of buy online, ship-to-home where they actually get additional discounts. So, we're very pleased with our e-com results. Although again, it's a very, very small percentage of our total overall sales.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Very helpful. And then just a second quick question here. We are still hearing about product shortages, in the category, can you help us understand how you guys are thinking about product availability and whether you think that your ability to obtain product has potentially played a role in some of share gains you referenced today?
Greg Johnson: Yes, I mean, Scott, the strength of our supply chain, I think, really, has been one of our competitive strengths forever. And I think it really shined through in 2020 and just demonstrated that true strength. One of the things that we elected to do years ago was to require our international suppliers to keep products stateside here in the U.S. And that helped us early in the pandemic, and we were very aggressive with our ordering on the onset, because we could see, as sales began to trend upward. That said, our supply chain was definitely pressured in 2020. And we did have some suppliers that underperformed, we still have a handful of suppliers that are not performing at the level that we would like for them to and we're working very aggressively to ensure that they get back up to speed. Some of that, much of that is related to the pandemic, whether domestic or international, we have one domestic supplier that has challenges with COVID right now in the market that they are doing their manufacturing and distribution is really being hit hard right now. But that's a short-term pain. And then there's a couple of suppliers that we're having issues with, it's more of an industry-wide event where we lost a supplier in the category early on this year. But what I would tell you generally is things have improved from a supply standpoint. And we feel good about the very few suppliers that we have that are not performing well.
Scot Ciccarelli: Super helpful. Thanks a lot, guys.
Greg Johnson: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes in the line of Chris Bottiglieri from Exane BNP Paribas. Your line is now open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey everyone thanks for taking the question. So, I guess the first one wanted to do is just kind of clerically go through gross margin. So, I heard you right, it sounds like relative to Q3 the gross margin happing in Q4 the LIFO compare with similar, the DC pressure was in totality worse than Q3, tariff was something new, [indiscernible] something similar. I guess is there anything else in that gross margin headwind like ocean freight was that impact? And then how about tariffs, is that just a one-time event, or is this something we'll see in they are out in 2021 as well until you anniversaried? The tariff exclusion Im referring to.
Tom McFall: The tariff items are ongoing and have more to do with them being consistent with last year as comparing to 2019 when they were new items. The tariff exclusions, I think, we talked to occurred end of 2019 and 2020 and produced premium margins when those prices went  when the acquisition price went down, but the selling prices didn't go down. So hopefully that addresses that laundry list of questions. On the ocean freight, I don't think that we have seen  we've all read that that is an area of pinch point right now and prices are going up. I don't think that we've seen at this point, a meaningful impact of that. But obviously, we're keeping a close eye on that. To the extent that that rises within our industry, we tend to all acquire the similar parts from similar areas. And we view that as a input cost that should hit all of the retailers and wholesalers.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. That makes sense. Okay, then just to kind of one bigger picture question, obviously this is a tremendous year, if the industry, in terms of a behavioral shift from your customer base, in terms of the projects they are tackling, in terms of the channels of their shopping at, do you see this being kind of  once the economy reopens, did you think any of this can stick? Are people going to continue to tackle some of these hobbies? Do you think there is a bit chance they want to continue staying at auto parts stores rather than the big box? And I guess anything that that O'Reilly specifically is doing proactively to kind of retain those sales will be helpful?
David O'Reilly: Yes, Chris, as we talked about there are several levers, several tail winds that benefited us in 2020. And we certainly hope some of those dynamics carry over into 2021 obviously, not the pandemic itself, but some of the other trends. When you look at where we feel like we made the most progress from a share gain perspective in 2020, we feel like it was some of the smaller WD [ph] players out there that maybe don't have the supply chain strength we did and had the product availability that we had. I think that shift, assuming that our stores did a good job servicing those customers, which we all know they did, we hope that some of that is sticky business. And we're in a relationship business. And hopefully some of those customers on both sides, both the professional on the retail side, continue to come into our stores. The other area where we feel like we took some shares is the big box retailers. And when you think about what you experience when you walk into a big box store today, there's a little more apprehension with a lot of consumers about going into that environment for fear of contracting disease, you're masked and obviously all of those things. But I think some of the consumers rather than walk to the back of the store to pick up a battery or wiper blades, or what have you, fight that crowd, take that risk, and then go home and install those products themselves, they came to O'Reilly. And what they saw is, hey, we've got quality products, we've got competitive pricing. And guess what, we'll install those products for you there in the parking lot. So those customers that experience that shift in 2020, we certainly hope a lot of that carries over 2021 and beyond.
Chris Bottiglieri: That's really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro from Stephens Inc. Your line is now open.
Daniel Imbro : Yes, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking a question. Greg, I want to start on a longer-term question. Obviously, another outcome of the pandemic been a bit of de-urbanization, maybe increase used vehicle ownership, we've seen a lot of headlines around that from the dealers and other auto names. Should that become a tailwind to your business, as we think through 2021 and longer term with the 2022 and 2023, as there is more older vehicles on the road, or how did that impact your business in the coming years?
Greg Henslee: Yes, it should definitely be favorable to our business. For every consumer that buys a used vehicle, as opposed to a new vehicle, which would be under warranty, and the first few years of repairs may go back to the dealer. When those consumers elect to buy a used vehicle rather than a new vehicle, typically, those are out of the warranty cycle, which brings more of that volume into our stores sooner.
David O'Reilly: To add to Greg's comments, we'll have to see how it plays out long-term obviously. The vehicle sales were down due to the economic concerns and production concerns and then have bounced back. To the extent that consumers move more to the suburbs and rural and drive more miles, that's good for our business long-term. To the extent that people decide they want to control more of their own transportation, and the vehicle count per household goes up, that's another good item for us from a long-term perspective. Early in that cycle, we'll see how it turns out.
Daniel Imbro : That's helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up to your last answer around the big box market share, is there anything you are seeing from those mass merchant or big box customers that different from your core customer? Are they more price sensitive, are they using loyalty rewards or discounts more frequently? And do you think you've done enough, during the pandemic to make that customer market share sticky as big box, maybe reopens some of their online or auto offering that they took offline during the pandemic? Thanks.
David O'Reilly: Yes, I don't know that we've looked at it from a loyalty perspective. I don't know that when a customer walks in our store if we really know if they were previously a big box shopper or not. So from a loyalty perspective, a lot of the demographic that shops in the big box stores you would think would be loyalty customers. They are definitely price sensitive customers. They came into our store. As far as sticky transactions, it was a challenging year for us, as Jeff said in his prepared comments. And our store team members just did a heck of a job working long hours to take care of customers, meeting them in the parking lot, doing curbside delivery. We upped our service level in 2020. And we certainly hope that that pays off from a relationship standpoint to maintain a lot of that volume 2021 and beyond.
Daniel Imbro : Got it. Thanks so much. You all stay safe. And best of luck.
Jeff Shaw: Thank you.
David O'Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Seth Sigman from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Seth Sigman: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on the quarter-to-date performance. You mentioned December was the strongest of Q4, and that January had remained strong. I assume the implication here is that Q1 is tracking ahead of that 11% in Q4. But you can give us a little bit more on that? And then, weather was talked about a little bit, you alluded to some favorability. Are you seeing extreme conditions that beyond just the short term can provide some sort of tailwind looking out over the next few quarters?
Greg Johnson: Seth the first part of your question, I think, you can infer what you said from our data points that we gave. On the second part of the question, cold weather is good for us, cold weather brakes cars. To the extent that we have very cold weather, especially on the electrical and battery system, it will weaken those faster, and should provide support in the middle of the year, when it gets really hot, those weaker batteries will fail at a higher rate.
Seth Sigman: Got it. Okay. And then just to follow on the gross margin, I have a few questions on this. It has come down modestly in recent years, they are basically saying it's stabilizing in 2021. Fully appreciating your focus on gross profit dollars. But just wondering, is this the right run rate to be thinking about long-term for gross margin rate, or are there incremental gross margin initiatives? And I'm talking about gross margin rate initiatives that should help long-term, like how should we be thinking about the long-term outlook?
Greg Johnson : I think if you look back to our comments, especially in 2019, we were pretty direct that we were making premium margin on many products because of the shifts in the tariffs and the LIFO impact of having bought product before the tariffs. But having raised prices when the tariffs kicked in, and then having premium pricing on items where the tariffs came off from an exclusion, but the selling prices didn't change. I think we are pretty clear that 2019 was an abnormally high year. So, if we take that year out, I think, if you look over time, our goal is to incrementally improve margins 10 to 20 basis points through better buying and through more efficient distribution. Obviously, as Greg talked about it earlier, pricing is very dynamic in our market. And to the extent that we have a lot of acquisition price changes, creates the opportunity for better or worse margin. But as we've been in the last 10 years outside of 2020, end of 2018 and 2019, pretty consistent acquisition cost, very low same skew inflation, gives you a more consistent margin. So, I guess in short, what I tell you is that end of 2018, 2019 presented some opportunities to charge a premium margin in our industry, those who have run their course, I think, were back to an appropriate margin with incremental increases at a small level over time.
Seth Sigman: Okay, that's great. Thanks very much.
Tom McFall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, GeeGee. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team once again for their continued, selfless dedication to our customers and for their incredible performance in 2020. We look forward to another strong year in 2021. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. And we look forward to reporting our 2021 first quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thanks for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Howard, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions].  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom Mcfall. Mr. Mcfall, you may begin.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Howard. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2020 results. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period.  Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words.  The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call.  At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our -- the O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call.  We are pleased to announce record-breaking performance for our third quarter and are again amazed at the ability of team O'Reilly to produce such excellent results in the midst of one of the most challenging periods in the history of our company. Our team remained dedicated to our customers and drove an outstanding 16.9% increase in comparable store sales in the third quarter, a 39% increase in diluted earnings per share to $7.07, while also consistently executing on our protocols to protect the health and safety of our team members and customers in the midst of the COVID-19 crisis.  While the challenges we face during 2020 are far from routine, our teams have done an exceptional job adjusting to the current environments and modifying the ways we conduct business during this pandemic. They've done so without sacrificing our focus on providing excellent customer service or any of the value our customers have come to expect. We continue to be diligent in our efforts to constantly evaluate and revise our safety protocols as recommended by public health and governmental agencies and are extremely focused on executing best practices across our company.  Before we continue with our prepared comments, I'd like to express our deep gratitude to our team for their hard work and commitment to our customers. There is absolutely no question about how important our business is in meeting our customers' critical needs, and I couldn't be prouder of Team O'Reilly for their contributions during this once in a lifetime challenge.  Now I'd like to provide some details on our robust performance in the third quarter. As we discussed on the second quarter conference call, we started off the third quarter with a continuation of the strong trends in top line sales volume we generated from mid-April through June. As we progress through the quarter, we continue to see resilient, robust sales performance on both sides of our business.  From a cadence perspective, comps were in the strong mid- to high teens throughout the quarter with the best performance at the beginning of the quarter in July. We had steady, consistent performance in the balance of the quarter in August and September after adjusting for Sunday comparison differences between these 2 months. As we indicated in our press release yesterday, our comparable store sales thus far in the fourth quarter remained strong and are trending slightly below our third quarter exit rate in the low double-digit range.  As we discussed on both our last 2 quarters' earnings calls, we have been very cautious on how we thought about our sales outlook as we progress through the unprecedented uncertainty in our markets and the broader economy. This includes a comment on last quarter's conference call that we expect that sales would moderate from the record-setting pace we were seeing at that time as we move through the back half of 2020. We've been somewhat surprised and definitely pleased at how steady our strong sales comps trends have been. And to the extent volumes did moderate in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, that moderation has been much more gradual than the immediate acceleration we experienced when demand swung heavily in our direction in April.  Our sales trends are even more encouraging in light of the fading tailwinds to our business from the expiration of government stimulus payments and enhanced unemployment benefits under the CARES Act as we moved further past when those dollars were being injected into the economy.  Moving to the composition of our strong sales performance in the third quarter, our DIY business was the stronger contributor during the quarter, but our professional business also performed very well, and the relative trends on both sides of our business tracked along with the cadence for total sales in the quarter I just discussed. From a ticket perspective, we continue to see robust increases in both ticket count comps and average ticket comps on both sides of our business, even though we saw a muted impact in average ticket from same SKU inflation, which is in line with our expectations.  As we saw in the second quarter, our category performance reflected strong performance across all of our product lines with some of the best performance in outfront categories in our DIY business as well as another extremely strong sales quarter for batteries. We believe these results indicate a continued ability and willingness of our DIY customers to work on larger projects. I want to be clear that even though these more discretionary categories have been our better performers for the last 2 quarters, we have still been very pleased with our sales volume across our business. While demand in under car hard part categories is more failure related and did not perform quite as strong as the company average in the third quarter, sales for these traditional categories were still robust and significantly better than historical trends.  At this point, I'm sure the question everyone listening in on today's call would like to have answered is, what are the discrete factors that are driving this incredible surge in our sales and how long will they persist? Well, it's impossible to provide a definitive answer to that question, but we do expect demand to remain solid and there are several potential tailwinds and headwinds we are watching as we look forward.  We certainly saw for at least the last portion of our quarter, continued tailwinds from government stimulus under the CARES Act and likely saw some residual benefit as unemployment benefits were partially extended for a short period of time later in our quarter. Even as those payments have lapsed, the positive impact they have had to support the health of the consumer has mitigated the negative impact from economic pressure on the consumers we would normally expect in a period of such rapid increase in unemployment and significant economic stress.  We also have a long track record of experience from economic cycles in this industry, seeing consumers respond to economic uncertainty by deferring new vehicle purchases and investing more in maintaining their existing vehicles. The combination of this incentive to take care of an existing vehicle, coupled with the government stimulus, has likely driven a reduction in underperformed vehicle maintenance, and we expect our business will continue to benefit as economic conditions recover.  Aside for the macro benefits that have helped the automotive aftermarket, it's also clear to us that our strong sales performance is the result of significant share gains our team has delivered over the course of the past several months. We execute a high-touch, capital-intensive business model that requires a well-equipped, technically proficient team of professional parts people, providing outstanding service. We have simply been blown away by the amazing commitment and resilience of our team.  In the face of extremely difficult circumstances, they haven't wavered in delivering the value propositions we promise to our customers. Our team's consistency in providing excellent customer service differentiates us and help us drive market-leading results in the stable economic conditions, and these advantages are even more pronounced when everyone in the automotive aftermarket is facing enormous external challenges. As pleased as we are with our team's great performance in the third quarter, we know the goodwill we've created from meeting customers' essential needs during this crisis will drive customer loyalty and even further business in the long term.  We remain optimistic about the health of the automotive aftermarket and believe we will continue to see strong demand in our industry, but remain cautious in our immediate sales outlook given the uncertainties that still exist. As miles driven has remained under pressure at the same time the government stimulus has ceased, we've been encouraged to see continued strong demand, particularly on our professional business, where the demographics of the ultimate consumer is more likely toward jobs that have instituted work-from-home arrangements. We can't anticipate what risk we could face if macroeconomic conditions worsen and miles driven stays depressed nor do we make any assumption as to whether there will be additional government stimulus or to the degree of which our demand would benefit.  In the immediate short term, we would remind everyone on the call that our fourth quarter can be quite volatile, given the variable impact of weather and consumer demand dynamics during the holiday season, which could be more pronounced this year as some consumers face economic challenges as a result of the pandemic. We can also see some volatility as a result of the election next week as we did in 2016. Ultimately, we'll have to wait and see where our sales level out. We have been very encouraged by the stability of sales trends during the 6-month period of record-setting comps and feel very confident our company continued to deliver solid sales growth even if the broader economic conditions deteriorate.  Moving on to gross margin for the quarter. Our gross margin of 52.4% was a 96 basis point reduction from the third quarter 2019 gross margin. The decrease from last year was driven by reduced LIFO benefit from the impact of merchandise purchased in 2019 before tariff-related cost increases, which Tom will discuss more fully in his comments, as well as the planned expected dilution from Mayasa.  For the third quarter, our team delivered an operating profit margin of 22.6%, an increase of 250 basis points over the third quarter of 2019, and for the first 9 months of 2020, we have generated $1.8 billion of free cash flow. Jeff will discuss our outstanding operating performance in more details in his prepared comments.  Again, I want to offer my congratulations to Team O'Reilly for another quarter of record-breaking sales and profitability. Your willingness to go the extra mile to ensure everybody who enters our stores, DCs or corporate offices, while also providing unwavering customer service is truly outstanding.  I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I want to start today by echoing Greg's comments and expressing my sincere thanks to Team O'Reilly for another incredible quarter. Our team's ability to diligently follow all of our pandemic protocols to protect the health and safety of our team members and customers, while generating the best top line results we've ever seen is simply remarkable.  We operate a very stable business model that has been fine-tuned over many years to deliver an exceptional value to our customers while maximizing the productivity of our human capital and shareholder investment. However, we would have never expected our model to be tested in the way it has in 2020. And we've never imagined a scenario where store volumes skyrocketed overnight and sustain such a high rate of productivity for 6 months. Simply put, delivering the results we announced yesterday requires a tremendous amount of hard work and ingenuity by the teams in our stores and DCs.  As Greg previously discussed, we generated an increase in operating margin of 250 basis points to 22.6% and operating profit dollar growth of 35%, both of which represent record third quarter operating profit results for our company. We drove this increased profitability by generating 16.9% comparable store sales, capitalizing both on the strong macroeconomic environment and taking market share, while limiting our SG&A per store growth to 3.6% for the quarter.  As we discussed last quarter, the timing and unique circumstances of the changes we've seen in our business in 2020, starting with the significant headwinds at the onset of the COVID-19 crisis, followed by the dramatic, immediate surge in business have created a perfect opportunity for us to execute our model and drive record-breaking operating profits. As a result, we indicated on last quarter's call that we expected our SG&A expense would gravitate back towards historical levels as we refocused on important details in our business that can get deferred when we're focused solely on doing everything in our power to provide excellent customer service. In line with those expectations, we've seen incremental increases in our operating costs, but our sales have simply just continued to outrun the growth of our SG&A.  Looking forward, we've been encouraged by the steady sales trends we've seen, and as each week goes by and our team continues to adjust to the current environment, we've been better able to plan and manage our SG&A expenses, especially our store payroll. However, there is still a significant amount of uncertainty in how long and at what level the extremely strong sales will last. And we're remaining cautious in how we plan expenses, especially as we enter a more volatile sales season in the fourth quarter.  Since our biggest challenge remains providing excellent customer service in the heavy sales environment, we acknowledge that there are certain important tasks such as refocusing on the image and appearance of our stores and catching up on our team member training and development, which are still being deferred in some cases. As always, we will be extremely focused on controlling our expenses to match our service levels to customer demand and will leverage the lessons learned so far in 2020 as we respond to market conditions moving forward.  Next, I'd like to touch briefly on our capital expenditure and expansion plans. On last quarter's conference call, I discussed our reset and expectations for new store, DC and capital project development in light of the challenges we faced as a result of the pandemic. And my update today is that we've tracked along with those revised plans.  Through the first 9 months of 2020, we've opened 153 net new stores, which was within our expected range of 150 to 165 new stores, revised down from 180 new stores after we encountered delays for design and permitting approvals. We still have new stores on the schedule to open in the fourth quarter and expect our total count will ultimately fall towards the top end of that updated range.  Now even in the best conditions, opening a new store takes a tremendous amount of hard work. So we've been especially pleased with our ability to open great new store locations with solid teams this year and our 2020 cohort of new stores are off to a very strong start. We typically announce our new store target for next year on today's third quarter conference call. However, we're still fine-tuning our 2021 target based on our evaluation of how many stores we think we can get through the lengthy process of planning and permitting, given continued expectations that the pandemic will slow these time lines.  After successfully opening our newest DC in Lebanon, Tennessee in the first quarter, we'd originally planned to open a second facility in Horn Lake, Mississippi, just south of Memphis this year as well, but have shifted opening that DC to the first half of 2021, due to team member health concerns associated with the travel necessary to train new team members in preparation for opening the facility. Our distribution teams have a great track record of identifying strong DC leadership and running a smooth opening process, and this project is no exception.  Finally, we've also made good progress on our other planned 2020 CapEx projects in the third quarter, including work we've discussed before, to update our store hardware, modernize our distribution vehicle fleet and other initiatives to enhance the service we provide to our customers and drive strong returns. We remain extremely excited about the opportunities presented by these projects, and we'll continue to move forward aggressively, even though a significant amount of the CapEx plan for 2020 will fall into next year.  Before I turn the call over to Tom, I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their dedication and hard work in the third quarter. Hopefully, we will never see another year with the difficulties 2020 has posed, but I'm amazed at how our team has stepped up to meet the challenges, although I'm not surprised since Team O'Reilly has consistently proven to be the best in our industry.  While we've never had a crisis that's affected all of our company in such a profound way is COVID-19, our teams have encountered many difficult environments over the years, including the full spectrum of national disasters, and they always prove their ability to weather the storm.  To close, I'll repeat the same comment I made on our second quarter call. I'm especially proud of the commitment of our team has shown to our customers, their diligence in executing best practices to protect the health and safety of everyone in our stores, DCs and offices, while keeping our business running efficiently to provide our customers with the essential parts they need, is truly world class.  Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our customers, which drove our incredible performance in the third quarter. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results. For the quarter, sales increased $541 million, comprised of a $441 million increase in comp store sales; a $71 million increase in noncomp store sales; a $32 million increase in noncomp, nonstore sales; and a $3 million decrease from closed stores. As a reminder, we previously withdrew our 2020 guidance. And given the ongoing uncertainty related to COVID-19, we are not resuming guidance at this time.  As Greg previously mentioned, gross margin for the third quarter decreased 96 basis points to 52.4%, which was driven by a year-over-year comparison to the significant gross margin benefits we captured in the third quarter of 2019 related to the sell-through of pre-tariff, on-hand inventory as well as dilution from the acquisition of Mayasa. As a reminder, throughout 2019, we received a gross margin benefit from the sell-through of on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to tariff-driven acquisition price increases in 2018 and 2019 and anticipated we would see a continued benefit that would taper off each quarter in 2020.  We did not receive a third quarter benefit in 2020 and since we received the full benefit of pre-tariff inventory in the first half of 2020 due to acquisition cost decreases in the second quarter, which create a short-term headwind but benefits future POS. Looking at the third quarter stand-alone, we did not have a materially positive impact from LIFO. We expect to see year-over-year headwind again in the fourth quarter as we compare against the prior year pre-tariff inventory benefit. We received a more muted benefit from same SKU inflation, in line with our expectations as we began annualizing last year's tariff-driven price increases in the third quarter. The price environment remains rational in the industry, and we expect that to continue.  Our third quarter effective tax rate was 23.2% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 24.4%, which was in line with our expectations, reduced by 1.2% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the third quarter of 2019 rate of 22% of pretax income, which was comprised of a tax rate of 22.5%, reduced by a 0.5% benefit for share-based compensation. Changes in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. And we continue to expect our rate for the fourth quarter to be lower as a result of the tolling of certain tax periods.  Now we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the quarter and year-to-date. Free cash flow for the first 9 months of 2020 was $1.9 billion versus $977 million in the first 9 months of 2019, with the increase driven by an increase in net income, a reduction in net inventory, an increase in taxes payable as a result of deferral of tax payments under the CARES Act and a reduction in CapEx, partially offset by the investment in solar projects.  Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $628,000, which was down 0.7% from the beginning of the year, but up 1.7% from this time last year. The inventory per store balance is below our expectations and reflects the strong sales volumes in the second and third quarter of 2020. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the second quarter was 116%, which is the highest ratio in our history and heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns in the last 6 months. We still anticipate growth in per store inventory in the remainder of 2020, as we improve in-stock positions and resume our inventory enhancement initiatives, and this will also moderate the increase in AP percentage over time.  Finally, capital expenditures for the first 9 months of the year were $363 million, which was down $118 million from the same period of 2019, driven by lower new store project development spending and the prior year level of investment in new distribution projects, which exceeded distribution development in the first 9 months of 2020. As Jeff previously discussed, we have resumed certain deferred CapEx projects, which were on pause due to the impact of COVID-19 and we'll continue to adjust our CapEx plans as appropriate, given the current environment.  Moving on to liquidity and capital structure, we are very pleased to execute our second successful bond issuance in 2020, with the issuance of $500 million of 10-year senior notes at a rate of 1.8% on September 23. By far, our best rate since we moved to an unsecured capital structure and began issuing public debt 10 years ago. These notes replace our first bond issuance from January 2011, which carried an interest rate of 4.9%. We paid out these senior notes when we reached our redemption call date in October, so the proceeds from the September issuance were still sitting in excess cash in our balance sheet at September 30.  We finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.26x as compared to the second quarter ratio of 2.24x, and our end of 2019 ratio of 2.34x. This calculation excludes the $1.6 billion of cash we held as of the end of the quarter, but does include both the September bonds as well as the 2011 notes retired in October. We continue to be below our leverage target of 2.5x, and we'll approach that number when appropriate.  As we discussed on last quarter's call, we resumed our share repurchase program on May 29, 2020 after temporarily suspending buybacks in March to preserve liquidity at the onset of COVID-19. We continue to judiciously execute our program in the third quarter and year-to-date, we have repurchased 2.6 million shares at an average share price of $415.28, for a total investment of $1.09 billion. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter and through the date of our press release, we repurchased 0.7 million shares at an average share price of $458.97.  As a result of our continued strong performance in the third quarter, we finished the quarter with $2.2 billion of total liquidity in cash and available borrowings under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility, net of the cash held to retire the 2011 notes in October. And we feel we have ample liquidity under this existing facility. As we evaluate our liquidity, leverage, use of capital and share repurchase program moving forward, we will continue to prioritize maintaining our strong financial position, including the investment-grade ratings and our public debt. We have a long history of conservatively managing our balance sheet and we'll continue to take prudent steps to ensure the long-term health and stability of our company.  Before I open up our call to your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for their hard work and continued dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask the operator, Howard, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question or comment comes from the line of Greg Melich from Evercore.
Gregory Melich: I wanted to follow-up a bit more on the traffic and the share gains in the ticket. So if you think about it, is that gap now between DIY and do-it-for-me, both are healthy, but it sounds like into this quarter, they're still narrowing a bit. Was that fair to interpret that? And then second, when you say that you've been gaining share, do you think that's been bigger on the DIY side or the do-it-for-me side?
Gregory Johnson: Greg, a lot of questions there. First, on the traffic and ticket question, I would tell you that if you divide that into the 4 quadrants, cash and charge for each, all 4 of those quadrants were positive. And we were pleased with both our ticket count and our average ticket. Looking at the gap between our DIY and DIFM side of the business, it did narrow slightly this time. Our overall comp was less. So our side of the business performed well to our expectation. And our DIY traffic was off slightly from where we were last quarter.
Thomas McFall: What I would add to that is if we reflect back to the beginning of the second quarter, where we saw significant drop in business and then a spike in continued strong sales from the middle of April, that was primarily on the DIY side of the business. The professional side of the business was impacted longer due to the customer service nature at dropping off your car, to have it worked on. So it took longer for the professional business to come back.  So the narrowing of the gap in the third quarter, I think, is more of a reflection of the more significant challenges that the professional side of the business had in the second quarter.
Gregory Melich: And do you think you gained more share in DIY or do-it-for-me?
Thomas McFall: That's a hard one to determine. We will see over time as others report, and we look at industry data. What we would tell you is that we think we gained significant share on both sides of the business.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Congratulations on a really nice performance here. So the first question I want to ask is with regard to sales trends, recognizing that the strength we've seen now for the last several quarters and has persisted here into the fourth quarter, but as we particularly see what now -- maybe to Q3, Q4 transition, are you seeing any significant difference [Technical Difficulty]. I'll try again. If that's any better. I apologize, [indiscernible] I'm just on the cellphone. So the question I have is whether -- it's particularly with regard to sales from Q3 to Q4, has there been any significant change in the categories you're performing? Are you seeing a different way that customers are shopping the stores as these COVID headwinds persist?
Gregory Johnson: Brian, I would tell you that the trend we saw in the second quarter has carried over end of the third quarter. A lot of our traditional categories that performed well have continued to perform well in the fourth quarter. We called out batteries, especially performing well -- I'm sorry, not fourth quarter, third quarter. I'm getting ahead of myself there. But we did see strong performance in a lot of DIY categories as we did in the second quarter. A lot of categories that historically have not performed as well, meaning whether it's hot rod parts, performance parts, car detailing components, things like that, that we just think that a lot of that DIFM consumer have more time on their hands to perform some of those repairs. And frankly, feel like some of the shift from DIFM to DIY for some of those easier repairs has been a result of that DIFM customer, completing some of those repairs themselves as opposed to taking into the shop for repair.
Jeff Shaw: Brian, what I would add to that is, as our professional business strengthens as we work away from COVID in the restrictions on their business that, that drove. That business is much more focused on hard part repairs. So to the extent that those have done better, it's narrowed the gap, but more about raising more of the traditional categories than weakness in others.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs.
Kate McShane: My first question was just with regards to the SG&A dollar growth. Tom, I know you went through that a little bit in your prepared comments. But can you remind us the areas where you're still being able to limit that spend?
Thomas McFall: Okay. Jeff covered those comments, but I'll go through because it sounds like an accounting question. When we look at our SG&A, the biggest driver of our SG&A expense is store payroll and when COVID hit and we had 4 weeks of horrible sales, we were planning for the worst and reduced our staff, and Jeff can speak to the specifics of how we went through staff evaluations and what that means to our long-term business. But we continue to be very conservative in our sales outlook and make sure that we're staffing to run the business and provide great customer service, but still be cognizant that sales trends could change.  When we look up and down our P&L, a lot of items -- some items have been deferred when you look at maintenance. When we look at anything fuel related, whether it's utilities or gas to run the delivery vehicles, those have been significantly less than we would have thought some of our CapEx projects where we deferred the CapEx. They have a great return over time but have some drag in the initial implementation. So some of those deferrals have caused a positive short-term P&L impact but the main item and the main driver for our SG&A is store payroll. I'll turn it over to Jeff to comment on that.
Jeremy Fletcher: Yes. I'd just add that as we talked about in the second quarter, the tail end of the second quarter, is we made headway, ramped up our staffing levels to try to meet the demand, and that trend can continue into the third quarter, but we still remain very cautious in our staffing just not knowing how long the sales demand will last.  Now the other thing I'd mention is we've had an ongoing focus on our company about increasing our full-time team member mix, and we've made a headway with that this year. There are several benefits that, obviously, the higher levels of service, especially on nights and weekends from a more tenured full-time team member but really just as important, it continues to build our bench for our future promotions from within. And obviously, there's a cost associated with that besides the wages, the additional health benefits and paid time off, but we believe it's the right thing to do to drive even higher levels of service. And over the long term, that will make for a more productive workforce.
Kate McShane: And then my follow-up question was just on the very strong used car sales that we've been seeing. I wondered in the history of the company if you've seen probably not a similar level, but just when there are higher used car sales, how it worked through your business? And what kind of sales lift and timing could we expect from that over the long term?
Thomas McFall: Historically, when we've seen used car sales go up and the prices go up, that's a benefit to our business from two standpoints. One, the price increase is being driven by people who are seeking use cars as opposed to as many new cars. So more miles driven are on cars outside of warranties. That's a positive for us. The other big positive for us is it's a used car sale, but it's new to somebody else. So both on the seller side, people are making repairs to sell their vehicles. And as people acquire new vehicles, they're making repairs to those vehicles. Both of which benefit us.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo.
Zachary Fadem: Could you talk about the impact of the discretionary or product -- project categories and how's that lift compared versus Q2? And then when thinking about this hobby customer, any indication that you're seeing a step-up in new customers relative to your typical run rate?
Gregory Johnson: Well, Zach, it's hard to really determine. Some categories, it's obvious that it's "the hobby customer" other categories, it's really hard to tell. When you sell spark plugs, is that a hobby customer? Or is that a maintenance need? Are they working on a project car that's had dust on it with a cover on it for 4 or 5 years that they just have time to work on all of a sudden because they've got more time from working from home. They don't have the daily commute, things like that. So I would say those categories that we called out, performance, car care, things like that, they performed similarly to second quarter.  But again, I don't want to send any impression to anybody that, that was the meat of our sales improvement because it's not. We did see -- that is an unusual trend for our industry to see sales in those categories. But really the meat and potatoes of our P&L were the traditional categories that we sell that continue to sell throughout the quarter.
Zachary Fadem: Got it. That makes sense. And for Tom, on the gross margin line, can you talk about how the LIFO dynamics have compared to your expectations at the beginning of the year? And when you think about the initial 52.5% to 53% gross margin guide, I know that's no longer on the table, but is the low end of that range, the right way to think about the gross margin run rate going forward? Or are there any other one-off items around mix or the supply chain that we should keep in mind?
Thomas McFall: Well, Zach, I appreciate that you acknowledge that we've suspended guidance and therefore, I can't make any comments in relation to past guidance because it's been suspended. But we'll talk about the gross margin for the quarter.  So as we talked about on our third quarter 2019 conference call, and we're very pointed in calling out as we were seeing a benefit and gross margin from items where tariffs have been imposed, prices on the Street, selling prices had increased, but we were able to sell-through the merchandise that we had on hand, and we were seeing a benefit from that. We expected that to benefit to continue, although declining through the first and second quarter of this year.  In the second quarter of this year, we actually saw more price decreases, primarily as suppliers work to adjust their supply chains to limit the impacts of tariffs. So when we get to the third quarter, we've really annualized those items. And it's reflected in our LIFO charge or our LIFO benefit as the case may be. In this case, it's a benefit. So you'll see it in our Q last year, we had a LIFO benefit in the third quarter of $22 million. This year, it was $1 million.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of David Bellinger from Wolfe Research.
David Bellinger: Can you talk a bit more about some of these better performing categories, particularly the battery category, where sales have been incredibly strong over the past few quarters. So how is supply shaping up at this point? And are you working through any constraints now? And what does that mean subsequently to gross margins?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. I'll take the category question and see if Tom wants to comment on the margin component. As we said, all of our categories, we're very pleased with how all of our categories have performed. The only surprises, again, will be the call out. But I talked about the last question about performance, although not nearly as material as the traditional lines that sell very well for us.  If you talk specifically about batteries, yes, we've seen significant battery sales for the quarter, actually, the past 2 quarters. Why? There's probably several reasons why I think some of it is related to maybe cars sitting at home because people are working from home. We had a mild winter last year, so there may be some pull forward. We'll have to see how that plays out in the fourth quarter.  But as far as supply, we've had some supply issues throughout the third quarter from some of our suppliers. It's probably a handful of suppliers that had significant supply issues. There's only a couple of major battery suppliers in the industry. And both of those suppliers have performed well. One of them better than the other, but both have performed well. Like other categories, our suppliers have faced challenges with COVID related to the number of shifts they can work related to social distancing requirements, in one case related to wildfires out west. So it's been tough for our suppliers, just like it's been tough for us and our competitors to maintain staffing levels to keep up with demand. But overall, battery sales are great as we called out, and our suppliers are doing a good job.  I think that if you look at the chart of fill rate from our suppliers over the past 6 months since the pandemic began, you see the hockey stick effect and those few that are still not feeling as well as we would like, we're starting to see an upturn in their fill rate. Tom, do you want to talk about the margin impact?
Thomas McFall: Sure. So to reiterate what Greg said, we're happy with the performance of all our categories. We can't post a 16.9% comparable store increase unless all the categories are doing well. The items where we point out some of the discretionary items that DIY consumers are buying, which is really for 2 reasons. One, when we get into economic constrained conditions, those typically go in the other direction. So that's abnormal. The other item is just that consumers are looking at their vehicles, wanting to invest in their vehicles, wanting -- in the reduction of repair, underperformed or unperformed maintenance is going down, and that is helping our sales value. So all the categories are doing well.  So the difference in gross margin between those categories and other categories is not significant enough and the performance difference is not significant enough to create a mix difference in our gross margin.
David Bellinger: Understood. And maybe just another follow-up on the previous margin question. So you walked us through the mechanics, post-tariffs and the flow-through there. But in the Q3 period, was there anything else out of the ordinary that you saw in terms of the year-over-year margin decline? Anything from a promotional perspective to keep some of these DIY customers in your ecosystem or higher transportation costs? And just anything out of the ordinary that further explains that the year-over-year 96 basis point decline?
Thomas McFall: So yes, I'd put it in three buckets. One is LIFO, we covered that. And then two is we have some dilution, as we talked about on our first quarter call from the Mayasa business in Mexico, where they run more independent chopper -- much more independent chopper business, and it's got a lower gross margin. You're not operating the stores. You share the gross margin with the independent chopper's operating stores. And we have normally, you would think in the distribution centers with high volume, we'd have leverage. But in this case, the volume is so high that we're having to do extraordinary things to get products shipped out. So we actually have some headwind there.
Jeff Shaw: What Tom is referring to is just the incredible volume stream that just created really inefficiencies and are really receiving and shipping areas in our DCs. And with that volume and trying to stack that volume, we've had to use over time until we can catch up with headcount as well as temps to help us keep our shipping percentages where they need to be.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: On the supply chain question, it sounds like a couple of suppliers, maybe one of the big battery guys has had some recent challenges. Could you give us color, sort of the cadence of supply chain stresses we heard back a quarter ago about some of the specialty performance parts being in short supply. Do you see your suppliers sort of having adjusted to the disruption in improving their in-stocks? Or I guess those weeks have the sustained period of above-average demand, is the supply chain having a harder time keeping up?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Good question, Brett. What I would tell you is we've seen improvement. Like I said, there's really only a handful of suppliers that are -- well, let me break that out. There's a handful of suppliers that are having fill rate issues that they control. There's also a handful of smaller chemical suppliers that are having some issues just simply to get product for their product. In other words, there are so many containers that are going towards hand sanitizers. Some of these specialty vendors are still having trouble getting containers to ship their products in. But that too has started to shift back into a favorable position.  So what I would tell you from a supplier component of the supply chain, we're seeing continued improvement. And there's only really a handful of suppliers that are really continuing to not fill at a rate that we desire. Looking at the entire supply chain, as Jeff called out, as strong as our supply chain is and as strong as our DCs perform, they're just not equipped for the comparable store sales volume we've seen. So to Jeff's earlier point, we've seen some pressures there in our DCs keeping up with the demand. We've done a good job of getting product out to our stores on a daily basis, but we've had some backlog on incoming freight, and we're working really hard to get that caught up.  So overall, we feel good. Suppliers are doing a good job. We're doing a good job of getting caught up. And I would say, within the next 30 to 45 days, we feel like our supply chain will be back to normal.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then could you give us a quick update on regional performance, maybe the highs and the lows and what kind of spread you're seeing between those comps?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. Jeff, do you want to take that?
Jeff Shaw: Sure. As we mentioned on our second quarter call, we were extremely pleased with the performance on both sides of the business across all of our markets, really exceeding our expectations. And really, that trend continued into the third quarter.  As you'd expect, our newer markets continue to outcomp our more mature markets. But overall, the outperformance in the third quarter was really across all of our divisions. All of our divisions performed very well exceeding our expectations.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mike Baker from Davidson.
Michael Baker: A couple, let's say, I guess, I'll ask on the gross margin. So the -- if the remaining -- you talked about -- so gross margin down 90 points. I think if we do the math on the LIFO, you talked about, maybe that looks like it's a 65 basis point headwind. So can we assume the remainder is Mexico? And more importantly, how do we think about it in the fourth quarter? You said the dynamic will play out similarly, or will play out the same factors will play out, but what about the magnitude? In other words, should we expect the same impact from that LIFO dynamic of roughly 65 basis points as we saw this quarter?
Thomas McFall: Well, what we would expect -- first item is there were some other factors in there. So I wouldn't necessarily assume that mass is all of those, and we're not -- we talked about we're not commenting that specifically on their P&L. What I would tell you is that when we look at the fourth quarter, we would expect not to have a significant LIFO impact on our gross margin.
Michael Baker: Not significant? Or not as significant. Sorry, I just didn't hear.
Thomas McFall: Not significant.
Michael Baker: Not significant. Understood. Okay. And then, I guess...
Thomas McFall: Maybe to be more clear, you never know until the quarter is done and a lot of price changes happen during the quarter. But we were $1 million positive this year -- or this quarter, so pretty darn flat.
Michael Baker: Right. But on a year-over-year basis, that's where the issue comes, right? So when you say not a significant LIFO in the fourth quarter, so let's say it's around that same level of $1 million, but on a year-over-year impact -- year-over-year basis, that impacts the gross margin change or the gross margin rate year-over-year. Is that the right way to think about it?
Thomas McFall: Our fourth quarter 2019 impact is within our SEC filings.
Michael Baker: Yes. Okay. No, I get that. Okay. Okay. By way, perhaps a follow-up, if it's still in the P&L if that count as the same general area. On the SG&A, my sense is after the second quarter, you were pretty insistent that you're going to ramp back up the SG&A because it was too low. And now it sounds like a little bit more cautious from the third quarter going into the fourth quarter. Is that because you've gotten the SG&A back to the level that you think is appropriate? Or is it more a commentary of where you think sales are going in the next 3 months?
Thomas McFall: Well, clearly, in the second quarter, the spike in volume caught us by surprise is we had to reduce our workforce based on the fourth -- first onset of COVID in the results. So there are many different grades of leverage. The second quarter leverage was extreme, and that's something that is sustainable or good for our business in the long term. And the third quarter, as Jeff talked about, we increased our staffing to match the expected sales or closer to the expected sales. We continue to see significant SG&A leverage in the third quarter. I think our comments around that are we're going to manage our SG&A and our spend per store prudently so that we can react to changes in sales volume to be the same and continue at this high-low double-digit rate or to the extent that we see fluctuations that we can actively manage our expenses.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Seth Sigman from Crdit Suisse.
Seth Sigman: Nice quarter. I wanted to follow-up on market share. Your results obviously outperforming the industry, it seems like by a wider margin than we've seen in the past. And it does seem like a good portion of that is actual share gains perhaps from independents. How much of this is transitory benefits from perhaps being able to manage inventory more effectively than others versus something that maybe is more structural? How do you think about the drivers of what's driving that outperformance right now?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. So I think it's several things. And if you look at market share gains, one thing I would tell you is I think the pie itself is bigger this year. I think there's more money being spent in the aftermarket as a whole because of the stimulus and some of the incentives that consumers have. But if you look at where those market share gains are coming from, you mentioned the smaller independents, I think that is a result of supply chain string our leverage and our ability to have inventory within our supply chain and have that inventory positioned in such a way in our supply chain that gives us a competitive benefit.  The other piece that I think, to a much lesser degree would be from the mass retail side. I think we're taking some market share from the mass retail side, although to a much lesser degree because it's a lot fewer categories. I think the consumer in that case is frequently concerned about walking into to a big box store to buy a battery or set of wiper blades or some product, and there's been a shift to the smaller retail box like ours. And I think there's been a surprise and delight function that goes along with that, when that customer comes into one of our stores, not only are they able to get that product with not having the degree of interaction that they would have in a big box store, but we also install that product them as well.  And I think that's evident. I get a lot of letters from customers over the years. And lately, a lot of those letters talking about the service level we provide have called out with a degree of surprise that we perform those functions. And we install those batteries and wipers. And our traditional customer knows we do that. So I think we've brought some new customers under our stores. And I think one of the keys that market share that we've taken from both sides of the business is just the service level we provide and the stickiness and our focus on keeping those customers for the long term, from both channels that I described.
Jeff Shaw: [Indiscernible] our team, just to expand on that. I mean, it's been an incredible -- incredibly disruptive the last 6 months to our business. And our corporate office has done a great job supporting our teams in the DCs and stores. And our DC teams have done a fantastic job with all the adversity they faced is shipping product to our stores and keeping them in an in-stock position. And then our stores have just in all the adversity and issues they face, in all their markets with lockdowns and the regulations have just done an incredible job in execution taking care of our customers day in and day out.
Seth Sigman: Okay. All right. And then just on one of the prior points around SG&A, it sounds like you'll continue to manage conservatively does that mean that if comps remain at this low double-digit rate, that SG&A growth may remain constrained in Q4 like we saw this quarter? Is that the way to think about it?
Thomas McFall: There's a lot of quarter left, and we'll see what happens with the sales volumes. What we would tell you is that the we are going to be conservative, that means not staffing up to the current level of business because the current level of business has been heightened from historic norms, to the extent that we can continue to drive those results, we will continue to see strong leverage.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Howard. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their continued selfless dedication to our customers. I'd also like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results in February.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Bridget, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Tom Mcfall. Mr. Mcfall, you may begin.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Bridget. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our second quarter 2020 results. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. The five of us on the conference call today have a combined over 170 years experience in the automotive aftermarket, and we have collectively experienced many, many ups and downs in our industry. But in the 63-year history of our company, I can safely say we've never seen a quarter like this year's second quarter. As we begin our prepared comments today, I'd like to start with the most important comment first, which is to thank Team O'Reilly for your amazing dedication and performance during one of the most difficult and challenging periods in our company's history. The communities we serve continue to face significant ongoing challenges from COVID-19 pandemic, but our team has remained steadfast in executing our protocols to protect the health and safety of our team and our customers while providing outstanding customer service. It has never been more evident just how essential our role is in providing our customers with the critical parts they need and the service they expect to keep their vehicles on the road. This quarter, we experienced the most dramatic swing in demand our business we have ever seen. And we're extremely proud of how our team stepped up to the challenge and delivered a record-breaking quarter, highlighted by a comparable store sales increase of 16.2% and a 57% increase in earnings per share, combined with the year-to-date increase in operating cash flows of over $700 million. The numbers are a reflection of the tireless dedication and hard work of our team. And I want to congratulate all of Team O'Reilly on your incredible performance in the second quarter. Before we dig further into the results for the quarter, I would like to provide a brief update on how our teams are responding to COVID-19 to ensure their continued health and safety of our team members and our customers. As we discussed on last quarter's call, with the onset of COVID-19, we very quickly implemented numerous safety protocols across our companies based on recommendations by the CDC, WHO and state and local governmental agencies. These measurements -- these measures include significantly increasing cleaning and sanitation efforts, the implementation of social distancing practices and the utilization of appropriate personal protective equipment. Our teams did a great job working through the initial period of rapidly evolving recommendations and have remained diligent in their execution as the pace of change in requirements have slowed and best practices have emerged. We remain committed to constantly evaluating and revising our safety protocols and currently, all team members company-wide are wearing face covers. Throughout the course of the crisis, our dedicated team members installed in our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices, have demonstrated extraordinary flexibility and resilience in the face of extremely difficult circumstances. Now I'd like to provide some details on our robust performance in the second quarter. We are extremely pleased with our top line sales results in the quarter and even more pleased with the incredible execution of Team O'Reilly to delivering these results. As we announced in our first quarter press release, the beginning of our second quarter was marked by a significant COVID-19 headwind, which was a continuation of the pressure we saw in our business starting in the middle of March, coinciding with the implementation of stay-at-home recommendations and orders. As we discussed on last quarter's conference call, this trend continued through the middle of April. As sales in the third week of April improved as our customers began to receive economic impact payments under the CARES Act. At that time, we had no way of forecasting the magnitude and the duration of the benefits from these stimulus payments nor could we anticipate what other factors would impact our customers and our business moving forward. As a result, we took a cautious stance on how we plan for our business and maintain ample flexibility to respond to further headwinds. Simply put, our sales performance from the third week in April through the remainder of the quarter exceeded all expectations. During this time frame, our DIY business was the stronger contributor coming on quickly in the middle of April, improving in May and staying very strong in June. We're also very pleased with the performance of our professional business. Sales on that side of the business also began to see improvement in the middle of April, but at a more gradual pace than the immediate turnaround at DIY. However, as we progress through the quarter, professional sales continue to strengthen, generating robust comps above our expectations in May and June as state home orders began lifting and the broader economy began reopening. As a result of this cadence on both sides of our business, total comparable store sales were similar for May and June, and have remained strong thus far in July. Next, I would like to provide a little color on the drivers of our record-setting sales results. For us to be able to produce a 16.2% comp increase in the second quarter, we obviously had a very favorable industry environment. However, just as it would have been tough to predict the sales results we've seen, it's also very difficult to quantify the magnitude of each of the positive macro factors. But I'll discuss in general terms what we've seen as the positive supporting demand in our markets. To begin, it's evident from the sharp turn in DIY business that the receipt of governmental stimulus payments under the CARES Act was the first catalyst supporting our sales growth in the quarter. However, given the degree of which robust sales trends have persisted, it's clear to us that enhanced unemployment benefits have also been a tailwind to the business, and we're likely more prominent in driving demand as we move through the quarter. We also believe that reopening of the economy and the partial recovery of miles driven was a positive factor, especially in our professional business as our customer service demographic that is more likely to have worked from home during March and April. Although the impact of weather gets a little lost in the world of double-digit comps. In any other year, we'll be talking about the hot weather we've had, and it's likely has been another positive for our industry. There are other beneficial industry dynamics we believe could have contributed to the strong demand in the quarter, but are also difficult to measure over a short period of time. We have long-held the times of economic uncertainty motivate consumers to make more cautious financial -- have a more cautious financial outlook, often leading them to postpone the purchase of a new vehicle and invest in maintaining their existing vehicle. Consumers with safety concerns about other modes of transportation either for a daily commute or vacation travel, could also be focusing more on maintaining and repairing an existing vehicle. It's difficult to have a clear picture yet of the magnitude of benefit we could be seeing from an increased vehicle age or catch-up of underperforming maintenance, but we're seeing some benefit. Finally, we could be seeing shifts in customer demand benefiting our business either in share gains from smaller competitors of big-box stores or a more general shift of demand dollars in the automotive aftermarket and away from discretionary expenditures for activities not possible in a COVID environment. From a ticket perspective, we saw robust ticket count increases during the second quarter, but average ticket size also increased significantly. With average ticket, inflation was in line with our expectations. So the increase in ticket size is being driven primarily by larger jobs or more items on the ticket. On a category performance basis, we saw strong performance throughout our product offerings, including especially good results and appearance and accessory categories. These ticket and category dynamics suggest some of the strong demand we realized in the second quarter as a result of our customers having the ability and desire to work on larger projects as they have more time to spend repairing and maintaining their vehicles. As we look forward to the balance of the year, we remain very cautious in our sales outlook and recognize the significant uncertainty that still exists concerning the duration of the current positive market backdrop. In particular, we can't project the potential impact and of the enhancement employment benefits would have and can't speculate as to whether there will be additional government stimulus or the degree to which our demand would benefit. We also remain concerned that continued pressure to miles driven from a difficult economic conditions and increased work-from-home arrangements could be a headwind if other positive catalysts prove to be temporary. Ultimately, we expect to see a moderation of the record-setting sales pace at some point in the back half of 2020. We feel very confident our company to continue to deliver solid sales growth even if the broader economic conditions deteriorate. As important as general market factors were the catalyst for our growth in the second quarter, we could not have delivered such outstanding top line results without the incredible execution by our team. It's one thing to have strong demand. It's another to live up to the challenge of having the right part at the right time to take care of customers, while the business is on fire and we're allocating additional time to safety precautions. It takes a tremendous amount of hard work to handle the extra volume we saw this quarter and the outstanding contributions of our team were reflected in the strongest profit margins in the history of our company. For the quarter, our gross margin of 53% was a 12 basis point improvement over the second quarter of 2019 margin and above our expectations. Our gross margin benefited from the heavier DIY mix in our business, which carries a higher gross margin in our professional business as well as strong leverage on DC expenses on the robust sales volumes and incremental cost improvements. Partially offsetting these positive gross margin factors was a small LIFO headwind driven by acquisition cost decreases during the quarter, which Tom will discuss in more in more detail in his prepared comments. For the second quarter, our team generated an operating profit margin of 23.8%, which exceeds our previous best single quarter performance by well over 300 basis points. As we reported in our press release yesterday, we don't view these levels of SG&A leverage to be sustainable over the long term. And Jeff will more fully cover these dynamics when I turn the call over to him in a moment. Before I do that, however, I just want to congratulate Team O'Reilly on these great results and your ability to provide excellent customer service, even while tightly controlling expenses. Your extraordinary contributions to our company's success have never been more apparent, and I feel comfortable speaking for all of our shareholders and saying that you -- and saying thank you for an incredible performance in the second quarter and your unwavering commitment to serve our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin my comments by joining Greg and expressing my extreme gratitude to Team O'Reilly for their amazing performance in the second quarter. The results you were able to generate validate both the strength of our model and the deep quality of our team and culture. Your ability to capitalize on a positive market-wide catalyst and generate comparable store sales growth of 16.2% and operating profit dollar growth of 48% is truly incredible. And I continue to be extremely proud of what our team working together can accomplish. Now I'd like to provide some color on our SG&A expenses for the quarter and further describe the remarkable performance of our team. As we discussed at length in our first quarter conference call, we undertook several steps in March and April in response to the impact COVID-19 was having on our business. Throughout our company's history, we've been active and detailed managers of the variable expenses of our business, with our payroll spend, representing the largest driver. As we analyze the trends, we were seeing in our business beginning in the middle of March, we made adjustments we felt were appropriate to rightsize our model for the existing and expected environment caused by the pandemic. As we progress through the month of April and began to see the Stark sales improvement Greg discussed in his prepared comments, we remain very cautious in our forward-looking sales outlook. At the time, we didn't know how long the positive sales trends would persist, especially since the initial sales tailwind were so closely aligned with the initial wave of the $1,200 stimulus payments under the CARES Act. We've had a lot of experience with similar spikes in demand during tax refund season and since we know researches tend to be short time in nature, we were prepared for the positive trends to refer to the pressured sales environment we encountered from mid-March to mid-April. The positive trends didn't reverse, but instead strengthened in May and June and we began to slowly increase our SG&A spend as we progress through the quarter to more closely match our service levels due to the demand that we were seeing. As a result, we exited June at a higher rate of SG&A spend than we saw in April and May. The net result of this cadence in SG&A spend during the quarter resulted in a decrease in average SG&A per store of approximately 1% compared to the second quarter of 2019. This exceptional expense control discipline combined with the immediate drastic sales rebound, drove a truly remarkable profitability in the second quarter, highlighted by a reduction in SG&A expense as a percentage of sales of 447 basis points. While our team deserves all the credit for the great performance in the second quarter, we also recognized that the impressive numbers were driven in part by the timing and unique circumstances of how our quarter played out. As Greg previously mentioned, we know to provide the consistent level of customer service required to build our business over the long term, this level of SG&A productivity is not sustainable. Our priority for the past 3 months has been to do everything in our power just to take care of the next customer. But we have enough experience throughout all levels of our company to understand that we can't neglect the other fundamentals of our business. As we move through the back half of the year, we will refocus on the important details of our business that gets deferred when we're running double-digit comps, such as the image [indiscernible] for stores and store team member training and development. However, we will leverage the lessons learned through this process. While we expect to see our SG&A dollar spend and navigate back towards historical levels, we will be diligently focused on driving strong leverage and robust top line growth. Next, I'd like to touch briefly on our capital expenditure and expansion plans. Through the first 6 months of 2020, we opened 123 net new stores, in line with our original plan to open 180 new stores in 2020. And we successfully opened our newest distribution facility in Lebanon, Tennessee. These new properties were well underway prior to the onset of COVID-19 and the disruption from the state and home orders so we were able to complete development pretty much on schedule. However, we've seen delays in the development schedules for our planned new store openings in the back half of the year. Especially as the required approvals for design and permitting have slowed as local cities implemented health and safety measures. At the same time, we were very judicious in how we move forward with both our store expansion plans as well as our other capital project priorities in line with the significant economic uncertainty we were facing. As market conditions improved, we began to see our local communities open up in May and June, we were able to resume the pace in our new store development. However, given the delays we experienced in the first half of the year, it was prudent to withdraw our original 2020 new store guidance. And we would now expect to open between 150 and 165 new stores this year. We've been pleased with our ability to open great new store locations in 2020, but where we ultimately fall within that range will be somewhat out of our control as we anticipate seeing further localized delays in final permitting approvals. Outside of our new store and distribution growth, we have restarted the exciting projects and initiatives that we identified coming into 2020 to enhance the service we provide to our customers and to drive strong returns. While we haven't spent the planned level of CapEx for these initiatives in the first 6 months of the year, we will begin to close that gap as these projects gain seen in the remainder of 2020. We continue to make great progress converting the hardware that runs our stores, and we'll continue to invest in projects to modernize our distribution vehicle fleet, improve the image and appearance of our stores, implement enhanced safety measures in our store vehicle fleet and to enhance our omnichannel capabilities. None of our high expectations on the opportunities presented by these projects has diminished based on our experience so far in 2020, and we're excited to reap the benefits from these initiatives moving forward. Finally, before I turn the call over to Tom, I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their tremendous efforts in the second quarter. For a number of different reasons, 2020 has been a very challenging year. But our team has stepped up and met every challenge and really proved they're the cream of the crop in our industry. I'm especially proud of the commitment that our team has shown to our customers. Their diligence in executing best practices to protect the health and safety of everyone in our stores, DCs and offices, while keeping our business running efficiently to provide our customers with the essential parts, they need is truly world class. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and dedication in taking care of our customers and driving the phenomenal performance in the second quarter. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results. For the quarter, sales increased $502 million, comprised of a $412 million increase in comp store sales a $70 million increase in noncomp store sales, a $21 million increase in noncomp nonstore sales and a $1 million decrease from stores permanently closed in line with our 2020 plan. For clarification, these store closures were planned and are broken out consistent with our past reporting practices. As a reminder, we previously withdrew our 2020 guidance and given the ongoing uncertainty related to COVID-19, we are not resuming guidance at this time. As Greg previously mentioned, gross margin for the second quarter increased 12 basis points to 53.0%, which includes the benefit from mix, DC leverage and acquisition cost benefits, partially offset by a LIFO charge headwind of $4 million. As a reminder, coming into 2020, we anticipate that we would continue to see a gross margin benefit from the sell-through of on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to the tariff-driven price increases during 2019. However, this benefit was reduced as we saw acquisition cost decreases in the second quarter, which although they represent a short-term headwind to gross margin will benefit us throughout the remainder of the year in higher POS margins. At this point, we have realized the full benefit of the pre-tariff inventory and any further acquisition cost reductions moving forward will result in a LIFO charge. But again, will benefit -- benefit our future POS margins. This is similar to our LIFO situation prior to the cost increases in 2018 and 2019. The pricing environment remains rational, and we expect that to continue. Our second quarter effective tax rate was 24.1% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 24.5%, reduced by a 0.4% benefit from share-based compensation. Both of which were in line with our expectations. This compares to the second quarter of 2019 rate of 23.9% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.4%, reduced by 0.5% benefit from share-based compensation. Changes in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, and we continue to expect our rate for the remainder of 2020 to be lower in the fourth quarter as a result of the tolling of certain tax periods. Now we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the quarter. Free cash flow for the first 6 months of 2020 was $1.2 billion. Versus $539 million in the first 6 months of 2019, with the increase driven by an increase in net income, a reduction in net inventory an increase in taxes payable as a result of the deferral tax payment under the CARES Act and a reduction in CapEx, partially offset by investments in solar projects. These investments in solar projects generate investment tax credits, which will benefit cash taxes paid in the remainder of 2020, but the timing of these investments can create unevenness in our quarterly cash flows. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $632,000, which was even with the beginning of the year and up 3.5% from this time last year. The increase reflects additional inventory investments made in the first quarter of 2020, partially offset by a reduction in inventory balances in the second quarter as a result of the strong sales volumes. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the second quarter was 112%, which is the highest ratio in our history and heavily influenced by the extremely strong sales volumes and inventory turns in the second quarter. We still anticipate growth in per store inventory in the remainder of 2020 as we resume our inventory enhancement initiatives, and this will moderate the increase in our AP percentage over time. Finally, capital expenditures for the first 6 months of the year were $244 million, which was a $51 million decrease from the same period of 2019, driven by the prior year level of investment in new distribution projects versus the first 6 months of 2020. As Jeff previously discussed, we resumed deferred CapEx projects, which were paused due to the impact of COVID-19 and will continue to adjust our CapEx plan as appropriate given the current environment. Moving on to liquidity and capital structure. We continue to have ample liquidity as a result of the measures we took earlier in the year to preserve capital and liquidity, coupled with the extremely strong cash flow performance in the second quarter. As a result, we finished the second quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.24x as compared to the first quarter ratio of 2.59x, and our end of 2019 ratio of 2.34x. This calculation excludes the $872 million of cash we held as of the end of the quarter. As one of the measures to preserve liquidity at the onset of COVID-19, we temporarily suspended our share buyback program in the middle of March. We continue to evaluate business conditions and liquidity. And as a result of this evaluation, resumed our share repurchase program on May 29, 2020. Year-to-date, we've repurchased 1.7 million shares at an average share price of $390.14 for a total in of $651 million. Subsequent to the end of the second quarter and through the date of our press release, we repurchased 0.1 million shares at an average price of $423.09. As a result of the strong performance in our second quarter, we finished the quarter with $2 billion of total liquidity in cash and available borrowings under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility, and we feel we have ample liquidity under this existing facility. As we evaluate our liquidity, leverage, use of capital and share repurchase program moving forward, we will continue to prioritize maintaining our strong financial position, including the investor grade rating on our public debt. We have a long history of conservatively managing our balance sheet and will continue to take prudent steps to ensure the long-term health and stability of the company. Before I open up the call to your questions, I'd like to thank O'Reilly team for the resilience they've shown over the last several months and for their continued dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask Bridget, the operator, to open the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Matt McClintock with Raymond James.
Matthew McClintock: I have to say outstanding results. Congrats on the execution. Regarding that, I'm trying to conceptualize or at least trying to figure out how such strength could occur with miles driven still being a little bit pressured. Right? And clearly, over history, that's been the main driver of this industry. So when you talked about strength in apparel or appearance and accessories, was that a large factor in the outperformance? And can you kind of help us try to think through or parse through what might be onetime versus sustainable growth in the industry?
Gregory Johnson: Sure. So I'll start and let see if Jeff or Tom want to add on. So first, on a parent accessory, that was -- that's not typically a real strong category for us. When you think about car care, cleanup, waxes, the accessories and trinkets that you can buy in our stores are, frankly, online. Those are typically not real strong sellers for us. And what we found this quarter is those type items as well as performance-related items, hobby-related items, items people are tuning up. They're hot rides. They're street rides. The cars that may have been covered up in the backyard or in the garage for a number of years, and we've seen a spike in sales in some of those categories that are typical -- typically maybe average performing categories. And we think part of the reason for that is just consumers are -- they have more time. And in a lot of cases, they have more discretionary money to spend because they're not doing a lot of the peripheral family activities that they might have done in prior years because of closures, sporting events not taking place, things like that. Tom, did you want to add anything?
Thomas McFall: Matt, what I'd add to that is we saw strength across all our categories. We spoke to that particular set of categories because it acted unusually for what we usually see in downturns, as Craig talked about. When we look at downturns, we look at people deferring new vehicle purchases. And when we look historically, what we see is people catching up on unperformed or underperformed maintenance. And that was the biggest driver, we feel like the outperformance for the quarter.
Matthew McClintock: But to try to take this to a step further and I don't want to take away from the outstanding performance you did this quarter. But as we look to next year, I'm not trying to get ahead of ourselves, but how do you think about growth on top of the growth that you've seen this year just because we've never seen anything really like this in history. So just anything you can say to keep who we're trying to think about next year and what the growth to compare this year means for next year?
Gregory Johnson: Matt, I think you hit the nail on the head there. This is an unprecedented time, and the results are quite dramatic. How they've turned around. We've got a lot of water to go under the bridge. And we're still in the middle of this pandemic. So for us to speculate on next year, I think, would not be appropriate to time.
Matthew McClintock: I really appreciate the color. Congrats, guys. Great job.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Liz Suzuki with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Could you just go through some of the puts and takes on where you expect SG&A dollar growth to run year-over-year in the next 2 quarters? And just whether any of the reductions that were made in March and April can be maintained as you kind of get back to the normal run rate of SG&A as a percent of sales.
Gregory Johnson: We know that we ran various SG&A and conferred some of the work we need to do in the stores in the second quarter, just to take care of customers. So we anticipate that it will ramp up our staffing to meet the demand. Obviously, we pared back our staffing significantly based on a negative 13% comp that thankfully didn't persist. So we know we're going to have a higher SG&A spend. We're going to continue to detail, manage that on a day-to-day basis. And the biggest discretionary for us is store payroll, and I'll let Jeff speak to that.
Jeff Shaw: Well, there being, I mean, we've always managed our payroll 1 store at a time, and we always really tried to do our best to tie our staffing levels to what our business has done. And when the pandemic hit and we have a drastic drop in volume in mid-March that persisted for a few weeks. We obviously had to react to that and adjust our payroll accordingly. We -- as we always would in seasonal downturns or things like that. I mean, this was more dramatic than we would normally see. So we obviously implemented the procedures that we have in place to manage our payroll, starting with the hiring freeze and just not hiring. And then adjusting hours based on the demand in the store, adjusting part-time hours, reducing overtime, transfer people between stores. I mean, all the things that we would normally do to manage our payroll appropriately for the volume of the business.
Gregory Johnson: Liz, to add a little bit more color to what Jeff is saying. I think we've run our stores just on a very, very tight budget the last several weeks. And we have got to get back, as Jeff said in his prepared comments, that some of the fundamentals on store appearance and some of the things that, frankly, have suffered over the past few weeks. So we're going to have to put some more SG&A dollars back into the stores. We've already started that to make sure that our stores, appearance and the customer experience is as high as it ever has been.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great. And just one follow-up on investments in labor and in the stores. I mean, it's still early in election season, but there are some policies getting more airtime than others, one of which is a potential increase in the corporate tax rate. So you're back in 2017, '18 when Tax Cuts and Jobs Act went into effect. O'Reilly invested a lot in -- of those tax savings into wages and technology. But if tax rate goes up, do you think there are areas where the company can make some reductions or cuts to mitigate those effects.
Gregory Johnson: Liz, what we would tell you is on a year-over-year basis, we do our best to create an environment and a model in a company that can increase operating profit dollars year after year, which is what we've done. To the extent that the tax system changes, that's out of our control. And we need to be focused on how we continue to generate increasing operating profit dollars.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: On the share gain, I guess, you've talked about potentially having taken some share from big-box retailers or other smaller competitors. Could you maybe bucket what you think who you think the bigger donors were? And obviously, a lot of stress for smaller parts distributors during the quarter. Do you think we've seen any real change in the population of some of those smaller players?
Gregory Johnson: I don't think we've seen a lot of change yet on the parts store side or the professional installer side of our business. We've seen a little bit, but nothing material. As far as market share gain, Bret, it's really hard to say until the next few weeks, and we see what all of our competitors board. It's hard to tell what their sales look like. We know our sales were strong. We're very, very pleased with the performance of our store and DC teams to drive the results that we drove this quarter. We feel like we've taken some market share, but we won't know for sure until we see the earnings releases. When you look at big box specifically, that comment is centered around myself and others have seen a lot of product outages, not necessarily only in the auto parts sector, but just the big box and the pure e-commerce players have struggled somewhat over the past several weeks due to pandemic. And they've had challenges staying in an in-stock position, and we're very, very proud of our supply chain because we've been able to maintain an in-stock position both for our brick-and-mortar and our online customers and we've seen some shift. It's no secret that our e-commerce business, our online business has improved through this pandemic as it has for most retailers, but the trend has continued that the majority of that volume continues to end up in our store, either in a pickup in-store, shift to store or curbside pickup that we've implemented. So I think that a lot of consumers have regained confidence in some of the brick-and-mortar players, especially those that have strengthened their supply chain. And it performed really well through the pandemic.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Well, my second question was online, so you already answered it. So my second question is going to be regional performance. I guess, could you give us a feeling for the spread between the weakest markets and the strongest markets and where they were.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Jeff, do you want to take that one?
Jeff Shaw: Yes. I mean, really, the COVID pandemic has impacted this in every market across the country. And we -- as we talked about in the prepared comments, I mean, we saw pressure across the entire chain starting in mid-March, and it persisted for several weeks. But then when the stimulus checks are in there in the third week of April, I mean we've seen a dramatic uptick in our business, really all across the country and in all markets. And it really exceeded our expectations on both sides of the business. As we've mentioned several times in our prepared comments, I mean, demand is one thing, but we're extremely proud of the way our team members have really stepped up to the plate and taking care of our customers, satisfying their needs through these challenging times.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: So my question has to do with commercial versus DIY. You talked about robust trends in May and June in the commercial side of the business. Can you maybe define what exactly robust is? And can you also talk about how the gap between DIY and do-it-for-me evolved over the months of the quarter? And if you could, into July?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. We're not going to break out the numbers between DIY and DIFM. What I would tell you is, as we said in our prepared comments and on our prior call, I think everyone realizes that April started out really slow. And as the government subsidies kicked in, I would say that the DIY side of our business ramped up much more quickly than the DIFM side of our business. I would tell you that for April, May and June, overall, we comped positive in all 3 months, with May and June being stronger of the 3 months, and those trends have continued into July.
Christopher Horvers: But presumably, did the gap between commercial and DIY narrow into June? It doesn't sound like DIY -- commercial exceeded DIY over the quarter?
Jeff Shaw: So yes, the DIY side of the business was the bigger contributor to our comps. The DIY business really took off as soon as the stimulus checks started. The professional business really didn't start to turn around in dramatic fashion until the stamp home orders started to lift. So inherently, there was a narrowing of those 2 throughout the quarter, but both remain very strong.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then a follow-up on the gross margin. You mentioned some comments around the benefits of the tariff price increases being fully baked in through 2Q and had potential headwinds ahead on LIFO. So ex the potential leverage from very strong comp trends in the cost of goods line, how are you thinking about those other components? Will they -- do you expect them to be a net headwind in the back half of the year?
Gregory Johnson: Well, that will depend on what happens with pricing. We're always trying to reduce our acquisition costs through scale and sourcing and to some extent, private label. So that will be depending. When we look at the second quarter itself, when we looked at our plan, we were anticipating continuing to get a LIFO benefit in the second quarter. But because of negotiated price decreases, we actually offset that and had a headwind. So that was a headwind to margin for the quarter, but an annuity attached to it as we have lower acquisition costs. Otherwise, we would have had a higher year-over-year improvement in gross margin, driven by the higher DIY mix and the leverage -- the distribution cost. When we look forward, we would anticipate pricing -- acquisition prices to be relatively stable through the end of the year and our expected plan benefit was less as we theoretically sold through the pre-tariff goods. So we'd expect to be relatively neutral for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: I wanted to ask on the DIFM side. It sounds like -- and I'm going to put words out there. It sounds like you're running double-digit. Do you have a sense where the market is running and how much market share, you're taking in that channel?
Thomas McFall: That's difficult to say. As Greg mentioned earlier, our competitors haven't reported, although, I guess, one's reporting now. We're out on The Street calling on customers, trying to take care of our customers when the market is difficult. And as Greg talked about, the strength of our supply chain and we're able to provide parts that the Chaps normal supplier can't come up with. That's a benefit for us and ability to get our foot in the door and build long-term strength. We're happy with how our business is trending. We continue to call in our shops in a very safe way with the safety protocols and then try to help them through this, which has been a difficult environment for them also.
Jeff Shaw: I would -- this is Jeff. I would just add to Tom's comments on really the strength of the supply chain availability. As you know, availability is key to grow in the professional business. And we've always prided ourselves on our service level, a big part of that being availability. And when you have the bar on the shelf, and maybe somebody else doesn't, that maybe was a primary supplier, you could you could move up in the call list in that shop.
Simeon Gutman: Yes. No, that makes sense. I think it's important in that, right, miles driven is down a lot and understanding, let's say, where you're running versus the industry. Maybe could tell you how sustainable things may be. And that leads into my next question, which is you mentioned you're cautious for the rest of the year, and it does seem like you exited about the same level. It seems like double digits in both sides of your business. And so I'm curious if the cautiousness is, look, we just don't know what we're going to get in terms of stimulus. Because in theory, if we do, that should continue some of the momentum and maybe the pent-up demand side, which is harder to understand how that flows through. So I just want to connect the dots on the cautious comments despite exiting on your own strength.
Thomas McFall: Yes. Simeon, one thing that is for sure is the trends we're seeing won't last forever. We know this is not typical. It's a unique time for the world right now and it's not going to last forever. If you look at this on -- you talk about miles driven and will it persist, if you break that down to the short-term and long term, my opinion on that is long term. I think miles driven will come back. I think people will drive their cars more miles again, as they've done in the past. I think there's a lot of consumers that are still concerned about mass transit systems from a health and safety perspective. You read about more and more people moving to the suburbs and out of the major cities, which is better for miles driven, more automobile traffic, less mass transit. So I think all those things long-term will support growth in miles driven. The caveat to that is from a short-term perspective, none of us know what's going to happen with stimulus. None of us know if there'll be another round of shelter-at-home orders in some of these markets, all of those things would potentially negatively impact miles driven for the short term. So because of the degree of uncertainty with all that, that's the reason for our list and called that out in our prepared comments.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Sigman with Crdit Suisse.
Seth Sigman: I wanted to follow-up on commercial. And wondering if you'd talk about what you're seeing across your commercial customer base. So I think many of them were essential, but I'm sure there was some disruption over the last few months as well. Some cases, furloughs and in some cases, shortages. So I'm just curious, what are you seeing? Is that a limiting factor at all on the commercial side? I'd just love to get your thoughts on that.
Jeff Shaw: Yes, this is Jeff. I'll speak to that one. No doubt it was early on when the pandemic broke out and all the shelter and place orders were in place. I mean there were shops that reduced hours, that there were some shops in some of the markets that actually closed during that period. And obviously, there's been a shortage of techs in some shops. But it seems like -- I guess this is kind of a statement that, that has rebounded coming into May and June. Now with these new outbreaks, COVID outbreaks in several states, we are hearing some comments about maybe some shops have slowed back down just a little bit from where they were when it kind of opened back up.
Gregory Johnson: And on essential, we worked with a lot of industry organizations early on to ensure that most, if not all, markets would make sure that auto parts supply and repair related essentially.
Seth Sigman: Got it. And then just to follow-up on that point around the shops and what's happening now. Are there signs of moderating growth in markets where COVID is picking up now?
Thomas McFall: It seems like it's spotty. I mean we're working here for a few places where it seems like maybe the shops have slowed down just a little bit.
Gregory Johnson: And again, I got the comment I said before. I've heard this multiple times from our sales teams as some of these shops are saying in those markets, I think there's still some degree of concern for safety with taking your car to a shop, perhaps for some of the tasks that you might want to tackle at home, oil changes, breaks, things like that, where you may have traditionally taken that core to a shop for those jobs. Now you got more time to perform those half, and you're just not totally comfortable yet dropping that car off and having someone you don't know inside your car from a safety perspective. I think there's still some, some degree of concern there.
Operator: And our next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser: So based on those comments, has your DIFM business in July slowed relative to where it was running in June?
Gregory Johnson: We're not going to comment on 3 weeks within the quarter, Michael.
Michael Lasser: Okay. And Tom, if you were to take what you've seen from a category perspective and overly with 2008, 2009, does it look identical, suggesting that, that period is a good parallel for how to think about demand for the aftermarket from here? Or are there any major differences?
Thomas McFall: Well, Greg commented in the prepared comments. And the reason we brought out appearance [indiscernible] type products is that's very unusual. Compared to 2008, 2009, appearance and performance and all of those more discretionary categories in 2008 took a big hit and maintenance and failure parts went up quite a bit. So that's different this time. I think it has to do with the stimulus and the people staying at home.
Gregory Johnson: Right. I mean, if you look back in '08 and '09, we thought consumers expending service interval is delaying some of these repairs that they could. We haven't seen the same thing this time around.
Michael Lasser: So based on those comments, would you consider this to be more temporary whereas '08, '09 was a longer-lasting tailwind that the sector experienced? That's a great question. And I wish we had a great answer for that. We just -- with the uncertainty of where this pandemic goes from here, it's really difficult to answer that, Michael.
Jeff Shaw: Mike, what we would point you to, though, is the magnitude of the pickup in this particular economic downturn is significantly more and more immediate than 2008, 2009.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Ciccarelli: So you talked about adding SG&A back into the stores, and obviously, headcount is down quite a bit. So first, do you guys have a target you're thinking about from an SG&A per store growth perspective? And then kind of related to that, do you plan on bringing back some of those same employees were in them furloughed or do you kind of have to start fresh and go out and hire and train people? And obviously, that takes a while to kind of ramp them up on a productivity basis?
Jeff Shaw: Yes, Scott, I'll start with that. Tom might want to chime in. But obviously, on the average s G&A per store, I would think that we -- as we talked about in the prepared comments, we would move back toward what we stated as our goal early in the year. We've already -- I mean, there, again, we're talking about something that happened 90 days ago. And when the pandemic hit and the business took a dramatic downturn, we had to react to that. And we had to adjust our staffing by store to what the sales demand was. And we've been cautious on as businesses ramp back up. We had no idea how long this would last. And it's really uncertain times. And as we've seen, week by week, as we've seen the business, the demand continued to stay in place. We've ramped back up our staffing accordingly. No doubt, maybe not as much headcount as we normally put in, knowing that this is unsustainable, as Greg mentioned, and we've leveraged over time, things like that to maybe compensate for headcount. But we'll always -- we've always managed our business for the long run and staff to provide the customer service that's going to grow our business. And build those relationships, and we'll continue to do that.
Gregory Johnson: Scott, the other thing, this is Greg. I think sometimes we tend to underestimate the task at hand here. When you look at our stores that are operating shorthanded and delivering the sales volumes there. It just speaks to the professionalism in our stores, and that's where we've built our success on. And so we've got the same situation in our distribution centers. Our distribution centers are operating shorthanded. They're working long hours. They're working weekends in a lot of cases to keep up with demand in our stores. And that's just not sustainable long term. We've got to put some more, some more labor dollars back into our stores and DCs. And
Thomas McFall: Scott, I think to address the other part of your question, our intent is to focused on professional parts people that are full-time and bring back the right people. If we look at the employment environment, pre COVID, unemployment was extremely low, higher -- much higher now. And we're going to be very selective in who we bring back or who we hire to make sure that we're building the core full-time professional parts people we need to win business.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Bridget. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly Team for their continued selfless dedication to our customers. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Incorporated First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latif, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 30 minutes question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Latif. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our first quarter 2020 results and provide a business update on the company's actions in response to the impact for the novel coronavirus, COVID-19. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation [Audio Dip] from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present on the call. Since we reported our fourth quarter 2019 results and set our full year 2020 guidance on February 5, it would be an understatement to say that the world has experienced a dramatic change with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. As I begin my comments today, it's appropriate to start our discussion on the impact we have felt facing this uniquely challenging time in both the life of our country and for our customers and team members. First and most importantly, I want to express the profound gratitude I have for our dedicated team of hard-working professional parts people. Never have our culture values of dedication, hard work and professionalism meant more. Simply put, the parts and services we provide to our customers are absolutely crucial, whether that means health care providers, first responders, people working in essential industries, or everyday customers who rely on their vehicles to meet their family's basic needs. Our dedicated team members in our stores, distribution centers and offices have demonstrated extraordinary commitment, flexibility and resilience in responding to the COVID-19 crisis by adjusting how we operate our business to keep all of our stores open to take care of our customers in the safest way possible. I want to thank each member of Team O'Reilly for your unwavering commitment to providing excellent customer service during these challenging times. We've undertaken many measures during the course of the COVID-19 pandemic to promote the continued health and safety of our customers and team members, while keeping all of our stores open to service our customers. From the beginning of the response to COVID-19, our industry was deemed to be an essential service in the executive orders that have been issued by the various governmental entities, including the federal memorandum issued March 16. Since that time, we have closely monitored and adapted to the evolving information, recommendations and requirements issued by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, World Health Organization and state and local governmental agencies. The extensive actions we have taken company-wide include significantly increased cleaning and sanitation efforts, the implementation of social distancing practices and the ongoing adjustments of those practices as new recommendations and regulatory guidelines have been issued. We're providing our team members with necessary personal protective equipment and are working hard to continue to replenish supplies, despite challenges in sourcing these products. We have also put in place programs to relax attendance policies as well as advanced sick time to help team members who are sick or need time away to support family members. In addition to all these steps, we have also implemented measures to change how we interact with our customers in our stores, which Jeff will cover in more detail in his prepared comments. As a result of these efforts, all of our stores remain open with only limited disruptions for temporary closures in a few instances where we have determined more extensive cleaning was warranted. Now I'd like to provide a little more color on the cadence of our sales in the first quarter and the impact we began to see as a result of COVID-19. As noted in our earnings release, sales in January were below our expectations due to the mild winter [ph] weather with headwinds in categories such as batteries and antifreeze and that weather headwind persisted in February. As we entered March, sales results strengthened in conjunction with the onset of spring weather, and we were anticipating a solid finish to our quarter. We saw these solid sales trends until the COVID-19 stay-at-home recommendations and orders began to be issued in the middle of March. Within a short period of time, these orders took effect across virtually all of our market areas, resulting in a somewhat similar headwind throughout our store base. As we noted in our release yesterday, the negative impact caused by COVID-19 beginning in the middle of March and extending through the first two weeks of April resulted in a decrease in comparable store sales of 13% for that four-week time period. The lack of beneficial harsh weather and the significant impact of COVID-19 in the last two weeks of March drove our comparable store sales decline of 1.9% in the first quarter. Sales over the past week have reflected a benefit from the receipt of our customers of economic impact payments under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security or CARES Act. However, we are uncertain as to the magnitude and duration of this benefit we will receive from these onetime stimulus payments and as a result are being cautious on how we plan for our business moving forward. The composition of our comparable store sales growth for the first roughly 2.5 months of the quarter was similar to the trend we have seen for several quarters with our professional business outperforming our DIY business, driven by continued strong performance in key undercar hard part categories. Likewise, average ticket increases continue to drive our comp results, in line with our expectations as ticket counts were pressured in January and February as a result of the mild winter weather. As we began to face the headwinds from COVID-19 in the middle of March, we saw pressure on both sides of our business as consumers sheltered at home and miles driven was pressured. However, the impact was more severe for our professional business as we believe the demographics served by our professional customers is more likely to accommodate working from home than a typical DIY customer. The escalation of the COVID-19 crisis and the severity of the slowdown in demand in our business at the time of our first quarter was obviously unanticipated  I'm sorry, at the end of our first quarter was obviously unanticipated, and a significant impact on our operating profit and earnings per share results, both of which fell below our guided ranges. However, with an operating profit in excess of 17% of sales, we remain solidly profitable. As the duration of this challenging environment is unknown, we have taken prudent steps to ensure the continued stability and financial flexibility of our company, including appropriate actions to reduce costs, preserve cash and ensure adequate liquidity, which Jeff and Tom will discuss in more detail in their prepared comments. We are confident in our ability to protect the financial health of our company as we navigate through the current challenging environment. But we also recognize that we operate a business with a high fixed cost structure, and we'll continue to see pressure to SG&A and operating results in the short-term. For the quarter, our gross margin of 52.3% was below our expectations as we saw deleverage of fixed distribution cost and a negative mix impact from the sluggish sales of higher-margin cold weather items. Outside of mix differences, product margins continue to be as expected and the pricing environment remains rational. As we reported in our press release last night, we have withdrawn our 2020 operating cash flow and capital expenditures guidance as we continue to evaluate and adjust to the current environment. This isn't a step we've taken lightly. But simply put, we just don't know how long the current crisis will last or what the road ahead will look like as each of the communities we serve navigates the ongoing crisis and begins to plan the reopening process. While we feel that withdrawing our guidance is the prudent decision because of the significant uncertainty of the current environment, we believe even more strongly that our industry and our business will rebound successfully and return to robust growth as we exit this crisis. The challenges presented by COVID-19 are unique and that they have temporarily changed consumer behavior. However, these changes are not structural or permanent, and we will come out of this public health crisis position for future success. While the lasting impact of economic damage could persist well after the more restricted stay-at-home measures are lifted, we are well positioned to rebound quickly and return to solid growth, even if the broader economy is still under pressure. A significant majority of the demand in the automotive aftermarket is nondiscretionary in nature as the parts we supply to our customers are necessary for the operation of their vehicles. Historically, we have performed well in different macroeconomic environments as consumers defer the purchase of new automobiles and invest in maintaining and repairing their existing vehicles at higher mileages. And we believe our ability to keep all of our stores open and operating positions us well for the economy  as the economy begins to reopen. As I wrap up my prepared comments, I want to again thank Team O'Reilly for their resolving commitment to our customers. This current crisis is unlike anything any of us have seen in our careers, but I am extremely proud of the resilience of our team and their willingness to go the extra mile to take care of our customers, especially now when it matters so much. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin my comments today by echoing what Greg has already said about the great contributions of our team over the last several weeks in responding to the COVID-19 crisis. Our team of professional parts people in our stores, DCs and headquarters have a long track record of selflessly responding quickly in times of natural disasters, including hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires and many, many other challenging situations. While this is certainly an unprecedented public health crisis, I see the same resolve and steadfast commitment in all the efforts our team has taken to respond to COVID-19 and keep taking care of our customers. I'm extremely proud and grateful of the sacrifices our team members have made to keep our stores open and operating to meet our customers' critical needs during this crisis. Excellent customer service has always been at the core of our culture. And if you've ever spent much time in one of our stores, it's easy to see how we  highly with how you rolling up our sleeves, interacting with our DIY customers at the parts counter or with our professional customers in their shops. In light of the information and recommendations by the CDC, WHO and other public agencies, we've taken extensive actions to adjust our operations to make sure our interactions with our customers are as safe as possible. Inside our stores, we've added signage, counter markers, floor markers and other measures to facilitate maintaining the recommended distance. We're leveraging our omnichannel investments by enhancing our Buy Online, Pick Up In-Store functionality to include curbside pickup, which has been very well received by our customers. We've also modified store services, such as battery and check engine light testing to ensure appropriate social distancing. For sure, the changes we've made to our business to protect the health and safety of our customers and team members has changed the way we interact with our customers, but we're extremely pleased with how well our teams have adapted to the guidance and still provided excellent customer service. Just as we made adjustments to how we interact with our customers, we've also begun to take the difficult steps to adjust our operations and reduce costs to respond to the lower level of business we've seen as a result of COVID-19. As we began to see the impact across our markets in March, we started to more aggressively manage our store payroll and staffing levels. We also implemented a reduction of store operating hours and began closing most stores at 7:30 p.m. versus the normal closing time of 9 or 10:00 p.m. While we don't like the inconvenience to our customers of an earlier closing time, we felt this was an appropriate move to more effectively deploy payroll and operating costs, given the changes we saw taking place broadly across retail. We've also reduced distribution and headquarter expenses to bring them more in line with the lower sales volumes. The combined steps we took in March to prudently manage our expenses resulted in keeping our SG&A per store flat, after excluding the impact of an extra day in the quarter from week day and a positive year-over-year benefit related to deferred compensation expense. However, the combination of the significant sales shortfall occurring late in the quarter and the degree of fixed cost in our cost structure drove a deleverage of first quarter SG&A expenses of 61 basis points versus the first quarter of 2019. We saw this pressure despite the deferred comp benefit of 33 basis points, which has an offsetting headwind in other expense. As we've discussed many times in the past, we do everything we can to manage our business for the long run to ensure we're providing the exceptional customer service and building strong relationships with our customers, which pays off in repeat business in good times and bad. We will not change these core fundamentals of our business, and the consistency of our service to our customers has been and will continue to be the driver of robust growth and profitability for our company. However, as the current crisis has extended well into April, we've continued to take aggressive steps to manage our cost structure in response to the sales pressure we're experiencing. While these steps may not prevent us from seeing continued deleverage of SG&A expenses, if current conditions persist, we remain highly confident the adjustments we're making both preserve our company's financial strength and position us to return to our long track record of industry-leading profitable growth. We're also reviewing our capital expenditure plans in all areas of our business to ensure both continued stability and financial flexibility as well as strong returns on our investments. Through the first quarter, we opened 73 net new stores, and we're well on our way to our target of 180 net new stores in 2020. As the measures to combat the spread of COVID-19 have been implemented, including restrictions on travel and various other services, we've begun to see delays in the development schedules of new store properties slated for opening in 2020. Additionally, we're being very judicious about how we're proceeding forward on new store development in a period of such significant economic uncertainty. Both of these factors make it unlikely we will open our previous target of 180 net new stores. So at this time, we're also withdrawing our 2020 new store guidance. Our number one priority in opening a new store is to be able to identify a great store team and equip that team to provide excellent customer service from day one. We will monitor conditions in our planned development markets and make adjustments as we move forward to ensure that we're achieving that priority. On the DC expansion front, we successfully opened our newest distribution facility in 11 in Lebanon, Tennessee, an eastern suburb of Nashville on March 9. Nashville and its surrounding markets have been very strong growing markets for us, and the additional capacity in the new 480,000 square foot facility will allow us to take advantage of continued profitable growth in the region and accommodate a broader SKU capacity to provide an even better breadth of hard to find parts to our stores in this market. The Nashville team did a great job getting up and running without missing a beat, and we're extremely proud of the excellent team we have in place, providing outstanding, enhanced customer service. As we have with our new store development, we're continuing to evaluate the development schedule for our other major distribution project, our new facility in Horn Lake, , just south of Memphis, which was slated to open in the fourth quarter of 2020, but will now likely be pushed into 2021. At this stage, it's too early to tell what impact or potential delay we'll see as we move forward, but we will make the appropriate adjustments as conditions change to ensure we have a successful completion of this project. Outside of new store and DC growth, we're also taking a cautious approach in scrutinizing other planned capital projects for 2020. As we discussed when we outlined our plan for capital investments on our last earnings call, we have several exciting projects and initiatives, which will enhance the service we provide to our customers and drive strong returns. The ultimate opportunities presented by these projects hasn't been diminished, and we will continue to move forward, where appropriate, including our initiative to convert the hardware that runs our stores. In other instances, we will monitor our business and resource needs, and we're electing to defer certain projects for a period of time to ensure a successful rollout. The strength of our business and the consistency of the cash flows we generate allows us the ability to weather a storm like the one we're in right now. without having to make drastic and severe cuts to our operating and capital plans. This type of financial flexibility puts us in a solid position. But we remain committed to being good managers of our shareholders' capital, and we'll make prudent decisions to ensure continued financial strength. To close my comments, I'd like to again express my deep appreciation to Team O'Reilly for your hard work, dedication and commitment to meeting our customers' needs during these challenging times. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and dedication to taking care of our customers in the midst of this extremely difficult environment. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results. For the quarter, sales increased $66 million, comprised of $44 million decrease in comp store sales, a $52 million increase in noncomp store sales, a $34 million increase from Leap Day, a $26 million increase in noncomp nonstore sales and a $2 million decrease from stores permanently closed in line with our 2020 plan. For clarification, these store closures were planned and are broken out consistent with our past reporting practices. As Greg previously discussed, we have withdrawn all 2020 guidance. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 20.9% of pretax income, comprised of a base tax rate of 21.8%, reduced by a 0.9% benefit for share-based compensation, both of which were better than our expectations. This compares to the first quarter of 2019 rate of 22.5% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.5%, reduced by a 2% benefit for share-based compensation. The first quarter of 2020 base rate as compared to 2019 benefited from solar tax credits, which were in line with our expectations in total dollars, and drove a lower effective tax rate on pretax income that was below our expectations. Changes in the tax benefit from share-based compensation can create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate, and we continue to expect our rate for the remainder of 2020 to be lower in the fourth quarter as a result of the totaling of certain tax periods. Now we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the quarter. Free cash flow for the first quarter of 2020 was $227 million versus $279 million in the first quarter of 2019, with the reduction driven by lower pretax income and investments in solar projects, offset in part by lower credit card receivable balances compared to the same time in 2019. The investment in solar projects generate investment tax credits, which will benefit cash taxes paid in the remainder of 2020, but the timing of these investments can create unevenness in our quarterly cash flows. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $643,000, which was up 1.6% from the beginning of the year and up 5.6% from this time last year. The increase reflects the additional inventory investments we have planned for 2020 as well as increases resulting from soft first quarter sales. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the first quarter was 105.7%, which was above our expectations and the 104.4% we finished 2019. Finally, capital expenditures for the first three months of the year were $133 million, which was down $20 million from the same period of 2019, driven by the prior year level of investment in new distribution projects versus the first quarter of 2020. As Jeff previously discussed, we continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19 and will adjust our CapEx plans as appropriate given the environment. As the COVID-19 crisis worsened and we began to see pressure to our operations in the middle of March, we took appropriate steps to preserve capital and liquidity, including drawing down $250 million on our line of credit and holding that balance in cash. We were also very pleased to further strengthen our liquidity position through the successful issuance of a $500 million 10-year senior note at a rate of 4.2% on March 25, in the midst of a market challenge by the COVID-19 crisis. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR ratio of 2.59x as compared to our ratio of 2.34x at the end of 2019, and above our stated leverage target of 2.5x. Excluding the incremental borrowings, we elected to hold in cash at March 31st, our leverage ratio was 2.49x. As a further step to conserve liquidity, in the middle of March, we temporarily suspended our share buyback program. Our year-to-date repurchases prior to this decision totaled 1.5 million shares at an average share price of $386.71 for a total investment of $574 million. As of yesterday, we had $1.1 billion of total liquidity in cash and available borrowings under our $1.2 billion revolving credit facility, and we feel we have ample liquidity under this existing facility. As we evaluate our liquidity, leverage, use of capital and share repurchase program moving forward, we'll continue to prioritize maintaining our strong financial position, including the investment-grade rating on our public debt. We have a long history of conservatively managing our balance sheet, and we'll continue to take prudent steps to ensure the long-term health and stability of our company. Before I open up our call to your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for the resilience they've shown over the last several weeks and for their continued dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask Latif, the operator, to return to the line, so we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Greg Melich from Evercore ISI is on line with a question.
Greg Melich: Thanks, good morning guys, and great job going through all this. My core question is on the actions to both reduce costs and position the business to help customers and associates. How should we think about the variable margin of the business as you are getting into that position? I'm thinking that it's probably around 40%, if we look back to prior downturns. I just want to see if you still think that's a fair benchmark. And then I had a follow-up.
Greg Johnson: Tom, do you want to take that one?
Tom McFall: Greg, this is a situation that we haven't seen before with miles driven significantly down, people staying at home, something very unusual and the sales are down much more than we've experienced in the past. As Greg talked about in prepared comments, we have a very high fixed model when you look at multi locations opened from 7:30 in the morning till 7:30, 8:00, 9:00, 10:00 at night. We have to staff all of those hours. So given that, we have a high fixed model, and we're seeing a pretty significant reduction in sales. We would expect to have more pressure and more of a negative  less of a positive flow through on those sales. So we'd expect it to be a more restrictive number.
Greg Melich: Got it. So more than 40% is  would be reasonable just given the nature of this downturn being so unique?
Tom McFall: Yes.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then the follow-up would be on the uniqueness of this. What are you guys seeing in terms of  you mentioned that geographically across the stores, it's pretty similar. Have you seen any change in terms of potentially less urban or more rural stores behaving differently? I'm just thinking about where there might still be movements of activity given that miles driven are probably down 40% or 50%. Anything on that would be helpful.
Greg Johnson: Jeff, do you want to take that?
Jeff Shaw: Yes. Greg, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we really didn't have much of a winter in January and February. So our cold weather market started off pretty slow. And then business picked up in the first half of March that we talked about, and then the COVID pandemic really hit. And with 90% of the population really all across the country understand home areas, impact was fairly widespread across all of our chain. The one thing that I would say in general is that the large metro markets appear to have been impacted to a greater degree than the rest of the markets in our chain, and we assume that would be driven by the better adherence to the stay-at-home orders.
Greg Melich: Got it. Thats helpful. Good luck, guys.
Greg Johnson: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question on line from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morining, guys. Thank you for the question. Are you guys able to provide us with at least a general range of what your profitability was during that four week period where you posted a negative comp of about 13%, I guess, kind of a derivative on Greg's question?
Tom McFall: Well, first of all, it bridges accounting periods, but we don't give profitability metrics on short periods of time. What we would say to echo the comments we made regarding Greg's question is that the negative flow through will be higher because we have to staff the stores for the hours open, and we'll see quite a bit of SG&A headwind, given a negative 13% comp run rate.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. All right, I got it. Just  Im sorry.
Tom McFall: Sorry, obviously
Scot Ciccarelli: Go ahead.
Tom McFall: Obviously that depends also on what the sales look like for the rest of the quarter and how many miles are driven. But given that rate, it will be a significant headwind.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay. And then I guess a follow-up question then is, just given kind of the magnitude of impact on your industry with the miles driven being down, you think this could lead to a more aggressive M&A posture from O'Reilly? Or is that just not where your heads are at, at this point, given the current downturn in business?
Greg Johnson: Scot, we  as a company, we always look for strategic acquisitions. And right now, it's really no different. I wouldn't say we're focusing any more or any less on looking at strategic acquisitions. Frankly, we've been really business  we're all really busy running the business and coping with what's going on, but we would certainly be open to looking at strategic acquisitions, if any of them presented themselves.
Scot Ciccarelli: Understood. Okay, good luck guys.
Greg Johnson: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on line is from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: Thank you, everyone; good morning.
Greg Johnson: Good morning, Simeon.
Simeon Gutman: My first question more of a  hey, good morning. First, more of a housekeeping. The  through mid-April data point that you provided, does that include the stimulus period? And then the minus 13% broadly, it sounds like the back half of March was weaker, and we've seen improvement. Can you share how different the weeks in April have been so we can have a sense to glean on how to think about the world going forward?
Greg Johnson: Yes. We're not going to quantify that, but I'll kind of walk you through the quarter with a little more color than what I did in prepared comments, Simeon. As we said, we started the quarter very similarly to where we commented back in February. January, mild winter that led into February. Comps for both January and February were positive. Although they didn't meet our expectations, they were both positive. Then we moved into March and in the first couple of weeks of March, things improved. Weather improved. Sales were more typical of what we would expect to see with normal weather patterns in our business. So we saw improvement in the first two weeks. And then the middle of March, when COVID really started to present itself and stay-at-home and shelter-in-place orders were issued. For that next four week period, we saw consistent negative comp trends fairly consistent across all four of those weeks. And then over the past week, once the stimulus checks have started coming out, checks and electronic payments, we've seen improvement over those prior four weeks.
Tom McFall: Simeon, this is Tom. To add to that, the reason we picked the last two weeks of March and the first two weeks of April were the performances were pretty consistent. Stay-at-home orders and companies converting people to working at home was pretty consistent. We want to give you what the baseline was. As Greg talked about, we have done better since the stimulus checks were issued, but we are uncertain the duration of that benefit.
Simeon Gutman: Got it. Yes, thats really helpful. I guess I'll put my question and just maybe a reaction to that, if I understood it properly, because miles driven, seems like it's down significant, not to be able to figure it out by market, but who knows maybe 40%, 50%. It implies that pre stimulus then your business was run rating at a much, much healthier rate than that. I think it's  you're implying minus 13% before stimulus, which is quite decent. So I know, Greg, it is prudent to be cautious, which is how you laid it out. And it's hard to think about pent-up demand here versus what stimulus is going to do. But does the minus 13% inform you at all relative to that  the degree of miles driven that there is maybe more insulation here than you would have thought? Or I don't know how you think about it.
Greg Johnson: Yes well. what we're uncertain now is how much of the improvement is related specifically to the stimulus. We feel like a significant amount of the improvement we saw over the prior four weeks was stimulus related. As time goes on and these stimulus checks and the money runs out, we'll just have to see how our performance does over the next few weeks. And it's unknown what future stimulus will hit and the timing of that. So we're being very cautious and conservative as we look forward.
Tom McFall: To add to Greg's comment, the stimulus checks hit, in essence, a week or 10 days ago. We didn't want to include that in our comments because we're not sure of the duration. From a miles driven standpoint, we haven't seen the national data on that yet. I know there's a lot of assumptions out there on the gas usage of calculating miles driven, but that hasn't been always a great indicator for us. What we also tell you is that there are a lot of auto parts that are sold by somebody that's not O'Reilly. And our opportunity is to go out and make long-term term relationships with customers and gain more market share. Our goal has always been to never settle for what the industry growth rate is, but to go out and earn additional market share growth beyond that.
Jeff Shaw: And I want to add word on that is that's why we've done our best to keep all of our stores open in all of our local markets. And maybe that was with the skeleton crew, but at least we kept the doors open to be there for our customers.
Simeon Gutman: Right, yes. I appreciate all the color and good luck.
Greg Johnson: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Michael Lasser of UBS.
Michael Lasser: Good morning, thanks a lot for taking my question. So the large aftermarket players have put a lot of emphasis on miles driven as a key factor that drives the industry. As you look out over the next nine months, what's going to be more important to determining demand for the aftermarket, miles driven or the fact that many consumers are going to be under economic pressure and new car sales are likely to be weighed down, which matters more?
Greg Johnson: Yes. Michael, great question. I think it's all of the above. The biggest driver in our industry continues to be miles driven. That's what causes breakage, wear and tear, more maintenance cycles on vehicles. So I would add more weight to that. Obviously, this period that we're approaching more so than normal. There are other factors that you mentioned that would impact that. But I would say that miles driven would be the most significant. As I said in prepared comments and we comment on frequently, most of our purchases in our industry are nondiscretionary. Most of the people come into our stores to buy parts, to repair or maintain their vehicle, they just really dont have a choice. Whether it's getting their kids to school or getting themselves to work, they have to have their vehicle. So because of being nondiscretionary in nature, economics definitely plays into this, but consumers have historically done a good job of prioritizing their spending on a weak economy, and our industry has performed well. So I think the single most important factor would continue to be miles driven.
Michael Lasser: If you look back to the recession in 2008, 2009, what categories did you see the biggest acceleration? And would those be the leading indicators for how the next few quarters could unfold? And also, could you add a comment on what you expect inflation or deflation for the auto aftermarket is going to be through the back half of the year? Thank you.
Tom McFall: So when we look back at 2008, not surprising as people determine they were going to keep their vehicles longer, want to maintain their roadworthiness, key drivers were hard parts. Vehicles were  people want to keep their vehicle, maintaining it on the road well. It wasn't a dress up, wasn't in performance. It was those key hard parts. The second question was  can you repeat the second question? I'm sorry, Michael.
Michael Lasser: Whats the outlook for inflation or deflation as you move through the next few quarters, Tom?
Tom McFall: Sorry about that. Yes. So our expectation is unchanged. We had anticipated no inflation  no new inflation, and that we would be anniversarying increases from the tariffs from last year. So same expectation.
Michael Lasser: Thank you very much, and good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So the first question I have, I guess, a relatively simple one, but you had mentioned in your prepared comments not surprising that the DIY business here is performing better than the commercial DIFM business. Could you give us some more details as on how that's  how large of spread between the two sides of your business is currently tracking?
Greg Johnson: Yes. What we said is that, first of all, we're not going to break out what the spread is between those two. But we have seen less pressure on the DIFM side over the past week or so, as we called out in our comments. And we think a lot of that is because of the consumer that is the typical DIFM customer is probably more able to work from home and driving fewer models than perhaps that DIY customer might be. Tom, do you want to add to that?
Tom McFall: In the last week or 10 days since we've seen the stimulus checks, we've seen those  both sides of the business improve. We would tell you that the DIY has  over this period of time since the significant outbreak and the crisis has gotten worse has performed markedly better.
Brian Nagel: Okay, got it. Then the second question I have, going back to echo the comments someone else made in their question, which was, if you look across retail, down 13%. You talked about the mid-March to mid-April while not consistent with normal O'Reilly practices is actually not bad at all relative to a lot of retailers out there. As you look at the makeup of your business, to what extent is O'Reilly benefiting right now from new traffic, new customers coming to the store, potentially reflecting dislocations within the broader retail landscape? And to the extent that it is happening, how do you think about the retention of these customers, once the pandemic or the crisis begins to abate?
Tom McFall: So I guess the first thing I'd say is any time we put up a negative comp quarter, it happened so rarely, it doesn't feel very good, despite the comparisons. On the traffic, it's very hard to determine. We can look at some of our O'Rewards data because  and we can look at that over a period of time to see how many new customers we sign up. And when we look at our shops because their business is suffering, it's hard to know if you're losing more or less than the other numbers they have on the line and whether you're moving up the call list or not. Ultimately, we feel good that we've been able to keep our stores open and perform comparatively well. Over time, we feel like those customer interactions where we get a new customer in the door because the parts store that they normally go to hasn't been open that we're going to provide great customer service, and that's going to be sticky. Same thing on the professional side, which we know for sure from past experience.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Brian, I would add one thing to that. Our  most of our e-commerce business does result in that customer coming to our store as Buy Online, Pick Up In-Store. Over the past several weeks, we have increased functionality there to roll out buy online ship to store functionality, which opens up our supply chain to provide often same-day service to our stores, either from a distribution center or a hub store nearby. So we've added that functionality and our e-commerce sales have picked up, especially on the Pick Up In-Store side.
Brian Nagel: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Chris Horvers of JP Morgan.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So my question is on the gross margin line. So can you talk a little bit about how lapping tariff price increases played out? Did that end up being a headwind and related to that LIFO? And did Mayasa end up being a headwind to your gross margin rate? And while you've pulled guidance, as you think about all the puts and takes of what you're seeing so far, any comment on the gross margin going forward?
Tom McFall: Lapping the tariffs has played out as we expected. On our last call, when we laid out our gross margin guidance at the time, LIFO was more of a headwind. This year, we're not seeing as much of a benefit as we saw last year. But that, again, is tracking as we'd expect. As we talked about on the call last time, Mayasa runs a big independent jobber business. So they're selling to other part stores. So they have a lower operating cost, but also lower gross margins. So that's a drag also. When we look at our gross margin for the first quarter versus our expectations, it's really less high-margin winter items and then we have a relatively high  we have quite a bit of high fixed cost in our distribution center, when you look at management, occupancy and routes that we run transportation. So when our volume is down, that's going to be a drag.
Jeff Shaw: Yes. To add a little more color in distribution to what Tom said. The fixed cost, as Tom said, they are going to be a drag on low volume. One of the uniquenesses of the timing of the impact of the virus to us is it's in a period of time where we're ramping up for spring volume. So if you look at a distribution center and you look at the labor in the distribution center, you got to look at the inbound side  inbound volume as well as the outbound volume. So over the past several weeks, our inbound volumes have been higher as a result of ramping up for the spring season, while our outbound volumes have been softer. So the DCs have been impacted and you would think that they would be able to reduce hours and cut some labor. They haven't been able to do that as much as you might think because of the inbound volume in keeping up the spring inflow of product.
Chris Horvers: Got it. So basically the 1Q gross margin played out as your thought sans the sort of top line impact. And so it's a good guide going forward. And two quick follow-ups  two follow-ups. One is, what was the inflation impact the comp in the first quarter? And then just big picture, the 2009 analogy. How would you compare the puts and takes to what occurred back then? The peak repair factor seems like weather was better, the new car sales dropped off, sort of, sustained dropped off was much bigger. But then on the other hand, you've got higher share now. Your smaller players are probably suffering capital pressures, and there's 15,000, 16,000 small shops out there to take share from, but you don't have the dealers closing. So a lot of puts and takes, how are you thinking about that in comparison to that 2009 time frame?
Greg Johnson: Yes. So I'll take the first part and then I'll let Tom speak to the inflation question. Chris, a lot of things are similar and then there are some things that are definitely different. When we went through 2008, 2009, there was a lot of things we called out that were drivers. We talked about the SAAR. We talked about miles driven. We talked about Hispanic hibernation and other things. The one thing that's unique about the situation we're in now is the fact that the potentially dramatic impact to miles driven so far. With all of the stay-at-home orders, consumers have just not been driving their vehicles at all in a lot of markets. So miles driven we feel like is going to be significantly drawn down. We think that was a driver of a lot of the negative impact to our first quarter results. And it really just depends on how this thing plays out. Miles driven is going to be a key factor in what our business does going forward. And it really just depends on the timing of when the stay-at-home orders are released and people are able to go back to work and get back to their normal lives.
Tom McFall: On the inflation, it was a little over 2.5%, which is pretty much exactly where we expected it to be, all driven by anniversarying sale price increases from last year  really to last year's tariffs. We'd expect that to be the highest number of the year and to decline as we anniversary the last year's tariffs.
Chris Horvers: Thanks so much. Best of luck, guys.
Tom McFall: Thanks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning, guys.
Greg Johnson: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: Quick question. I guess when you think about the payables programs and I guess, leverage ratio is likely to go up as EBIT comes down in the coming miles driven contraction. Do the banks get any more, I guess, or less credit available or higher rates on the payables programs in the next couple of quarters? Or is that pretty well understood if you want off and worked out?
Tom McFall: So our vendor financing program is primarily akin to what our rating is. And our expectation is that, that will not change, and we'll be very conservative in our balance sheet, although we will see pressure from a operating standpoint, given the current environment. We generate a significant amount of cash, and we expect to be able to very effectively manage our leverage ratios.
Bret Jordan: Great. And then I guess a question as far as the broader industry. Obviously, a lot of doors, when you think about independent distributors and all. Do you think that we're going to see meaningful contraction in the total number of doors, just given the magnitude and the abruptness of this decline, independents or buying group members that may go away?
Greg Johnson: Bret, I really don't think we've got a good feel for that yet. We've got  when you look at shops that are out there, a lot of those shops are strong financially. When you look at a layer above that, the WDs, those guys are strong financially. I think it would be nave to think that there wouldn't be some doors closed throughout all this. But I just don't think at this point, we've got a scope  an idea of the scope or the magnitude of that.
Bret Jordan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Daniel Imbro of Stephens, Inc.
Daniel Imbro: Yes, hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. I wanted to ask  and apologies. I hopped on late. Sorry if you discussed this in your remarks. But have you seen an uplift in sales through your online channels relative to the last few quarters as we've seen this work-from-home environment? And if so, has it exposed any weaknesses or area that need investment in your infrastructure? Has it given you guys any new learnings around where future investments could drive incremental sales on the online side?
Greg Johnson: Yes, Daniel. So we  I did say earlier that we have seen improvement in e-commerce sales, although it's still a very, very small percentage of our total sales. Throughout the last several weeks, the stay-at-home orders clearly have driven more consumers to shop online. The one thing that hasn't changed during that process is how those customers are buying from us. Consistently, over the years, customers have erred to the side of  even to forgo discounts to Buy Online, Pick Up In-Store, and that just speaks to the urgency of need in our industry. And we've seen an uptick in sales but we haven't seen a change in those buying habits. And that most of those purchases do resolve in the team  or the customers coming to our stores. We have advertised our curbside delivery. And I think that's been very popular with a lot of consumers that just are not comfortable going in and socializing with people during this pandemic. So we have done a lot of business through that channel. But most of our volume continues to be  our e-commerce volume continues to be Buy Online, Pick Up In-Store.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Thats helpful. And then just a follow-up on the working capital question earlier. Tom, as we look at the balance sheet, inventory did grow pretty meaningfully. Can you help us parse out how much of that was the proactive $100 million inventory investment you had planned for this year? And any early signs that that is helping gain incremental share? Can you parse out the impact that's having on the rest of the P&L? Thanks.
Tom McFall: So about half of it was the additional growth that we planned for this year and half of it was  we just didn't move as many winter goods and end of spring, as Greg talked about, the inbound keeps coming. So we're planning for business and it was very rough going the last two weeks. As far as are the additional SKUs making a difference, that will take time to determine. And there is so much disruption out there in the market right now that, that is  clouds everything else from a testing perspective.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Thanks guys. Best of luck.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Latif. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their continued selfless dedication to our customers. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the OReilly Automotive Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Zenara, and Ill be the operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Tom, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Zenara. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During todays conference call, well discuss our fourth quarter 2019 results and our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2020. After our prepared comments, well host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, Id like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The companys actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the companys latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the OReilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David OReilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present. To begin todays call, I would like to congratulate all of our team members on their solid results in 2019. As a result of your commitment through our dual market strategy and the OReilly culture values, we generated full year comparable store sales growth of 4%. In a difficult macro environment of rising selling prices, rising acquisition costs and rising expenses, your focus on profitable growth while maintaining expense control resulted in four year sales growth of 6.4% and an increase in operating profit of 5.8%. For 2019, we generated our 27th consecutive year of comparable store sales growth, record revenue and operating income every year since becoming a public company in 1993. And I would like to thank team OReilly for your many contributions to support our growth and success in 2019. Before I get into the results, I would like to call out our press release from August 20th announcing we entered into an agreement to purchase Mayasa Auto Parts, headquartered in Guadalajara, Mexico. And report to you that the transaction is closed and Mayasa became a part of team OReilly at the end of November. Mayasa is amazing family-run business, founded over 65 years ago and has a very similar history and culture to OReilly. They currently operate 21 Orma branded auto part stores and supply over 2,000 jobbers through their six distribution centers. Because of their current mix of business, they run at a lower margin than the OReilly U.S. stores. So they are slightly diluted to our operating metrics in the fourth quarter, but did not have a material impact on our earnings per share results for the year. 2020 will be a learning and planning year as we worked with the experienced Mayasa leadership team to develop our future expansion plans and as a result, our Mexico operations will be dilutive to our operating metrics in 2020, but will not have a material impact on our earnings per share. That said, were very excited about the addition of the 1,100 plus Mayasa team members and we have a great opportunity to grow our footprint in Mexico over time. Now, well cover our fourth quarter results and key expectations supporting our 2020 guidance. Our comparable store sales for the fourth quarter grew at 4.4% which was in line with our expectations as both DIY and professional contributed strongly to our comparable store sales growth with professional continuing to outperform DIY. From a comp store sales progression standpoint, sales of our key under car categories remained strong all quarter in line with the trends we saw throughout 2019; however, the lack of winter weather in most of our markets in December resulted in below expected levels of sales for cold weather categories. This marks the second year in a row that December sales have been below our expectation. Now, well move on to the impact of inflation on our 2019 results. How we anticipate it will affect 2020 and the other drivers of sales we expect in 2020. For the fourth quarter, same SKU inflation was at 3.5% for the full year, Im sorry, it was a 3.5% and for the full year inflation was 3%, which was above our beginning of the year estimate of 2% as additional rounds of tariff increases went into effect. This higher than expected rate of inflation didnt affect our comparable traffic which came in slightly above our expectations, but it did have a marked effect on the composition of our average ticket. Because of the increasing complexity of replacement parts on newer more advanced vehicles, we historically have seen robust growth in our base average ticket without the benefit of same SKU inflation. In 2019, we experienced meaningful same SKU inflation and some consumers reacted by buying down the value spectrum and consciously limited the number of items per ticket resulting in a lower than expected growth in the base average ticket. The combination of higher than expected same SKU inflation and lower base ticket growth resulted in total average ticket growth slightly below our expectations. For 2020, we expect same SKU inflation to be 1% as we annualize last years price increases and are not planning for changes in the current tariff structure. With the lower year-over-year selling price increases, we expect traffic count to improve an average ticket to remain a steady contributor to comps as the diminishing tailwind from same SKU inflation is mitigated by a return of the base underlying growth and average ticket to a more historical growth rate. Historically, we focused on growing our per store inventory slower than comparable store sales we generate. Were going to change that for 2020. Ongoing SKU proliferation and the inflation related to increases to acquisition costs, we feel we have an opportunity to improve our store level inventory position and build upon our industry leading parts availability. In addition to the growth in inventory, we would normally see in 2020 from new stores and product additions well be adding through the course of the year just over $100 million of additional inventory to our store and hub network, and from past experience, we know this one has the service we provide to our customers and drive sales. From a macro perspective, we anticipate that the demand drivers for the automotive aftermarket industry will remain solid as the robust SAAR years beginning after the great recession, continue to roll into our more addressable market and miles driven continues to grow at a moderate pace, supported by continued record, high levels of employment and stable gas prices. Based on our teams ability to provide industry leading customer service and gain market share and the impact of inflation, our inventory initiatives and the overall outlook for the aftermarket, were establishing our full year comparable stores guidance  store sales guidance at 3% to 5%. Our current business trends thus far in the first quarter continued to reflect solid growth in our core undercar and underhood categories. However, the lack of cold weather has been a significant drag on seasonal sales. So at this point in the quarter, were behind where we would like to be. As a result, were establishing our first quarter comparable sales guidance at 2% to 4%. For the fourth quarter, gross margin was 53.3% of sales, which was lower than expected due to the acquisition of Mayasa and lower than expected sales of cold weather categories. For the full year, gross margin came in at 53.1% which was towards the top end of our guidance range. As we discussed on the last quarters conference call, our gross margin benefited from the sell-through of on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to tariff-driven acquisition price increases, which have gone into effect in stages starting in the second half of 2018 and continuing throughout 2019 and the corresponding retail and wholesale price increases. During the past month, several of our key categories have received partial tariff exceptions. This will reduce the level of benefit we had expected to see in the first half of the year as we sell through the old merchandise. However, the reduction of replenishment acquisition costs will benefit us throughout the year as we anticipate current higher selling prices will remain in effect as we and others in our industry maintain rational pricing in the face of continued SG&A pressures. In aggregate, for 2020, we expect our gross margin to be in the range of 52.5% to 53% with the year-over-year decrease due to dilution from Mayasa and less tailwind from merchandise purchase before the tariff-related acquisition cost increases. Operating profit for the fourth quarter came in at 17.8% of sales which is below expectations based on how we expected gross margins on a weak cold weather sales pressure on SG&A, which Jeff will discuss and dilution from Mayasa. For the full year, operating profit was 18.9% which was slightly below the midpoint of our guidance due to the short fall in the fourth quarter. For 2020, we expect operating profit to be in the range of 18.4% to 18.9%. The decline from prior year is due to a lower gross margin as I discussed, pressure on SG&A which again Jeff will discuss and the dilution from Mayasa. For the fourth quarter, earnings per share at $4.25 represented an increase of 14% as the shortfall in operating profit was more than offset by a lower tax rate, which Tom will cover in his comments. For the full year, earnings per share were $17.88 which represents an 11% increase over 2019. For the first quarter of 2020, we are establishing earnings per share guidance of $4.37 to $4.47 and for the year our guidance is $19.03 to $19.13. Our quarterly and full year guidance includes an estimate for the excess benefit from stock options and the impact of shares through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, Id like to briefly discuss our recent leadership conference. Two weeks ago in Dallas, we held our annual Leadership Conference attended by each of our store managers, sales team members, field management and distribution management, totaling over 7,000 OReilly team members and all. The theme of this years conference was every customer counts and we spent a lot of time talking about focusing on the fundamentals even more, rolling up our sleeves and outhustling outservicing the competition. Team OReilly left Dallas extremely motivated and Im very confident in our teams ability to provide excellent customer service and gain market share in 2020 and beyond. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw.
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg. And good morning everyone. Id also like to thank team OReilly for delivering another record breaking year. Your hard work and commitment to excellent customer service has always been the strength of our company and will continue to be our strength in the future. As Greg mentioned earlier, our SG&A for the fourth quarter came in higher than expected with average per store SG&A growing 4.7%. The primary driver of these unexpectedly high results were medical costs with claims coming in much higher than expected. Also contributing to the above expected SG&A with store payroll where we continue to see ongoing pressure from near full employment and statutory increases to minimum wages. For the full year, per store SG&A increased 3.4%, which exceeded our beginning of the year guidance at 2.5% to 3%. The main drivers that took us above our guidance for wage pressures from near full employment, delays in new store openings earlier in the year, health benefit cost, costs of insurance, primarily auto related and a larger than expected charge for deferred compensation, although the offsetting benefit for that item shows up in other income. Looking forward to 2020, we expect SG&A per store to grow in the range of 2.3% to 2.8% which is above our historic run rate of 1.5% to 2%. We will be above our historic rate due to continued pressure on wages, continued pressure on the cost to cover our large vehicle fleet and ongoing technology investments. Offset in part by the expectation that we will return to a more normal run rate for health benefit costs. Our capital expenditures for the year were $628 million which was at the bottom end of our full year guidance of $625 million to $675 million, but substantially higher than the previous three years, which average $480 million. We had a very busy year in 2019, opening 200 net new stores, converting 20 acquired Bennett Auto Supply stores to OReillys stores, opening a new distribution center in Twinsburg, Ohio during the fourth quarter and developing our other DC projects including a substantial progress on our new Nashville DC, which will open early second quarter of 2020 and our Horn Lake DC, just south of Memphis, which will open in the fourth quarter of 2020. Also during the fourth quarter, we were able to acquire existing distribution space contiguous to our Springfield, DC and corporate campus. With fewer distribution projects and lower net store additions based on our target of 180 net new stores, we would normally expect our capital expenditures to come down. But we are going to again set our capital expenditure guidance at $625 million to $675 million for 2020, a part of the reason for the elevated level on the 2019 projects that roll into 2020. However, the more exciting reasons are the projects we have slated for this year. We have a large number of exciting projects and initiatives, but let me add some color to the more capital intensive ones, which include, first, converting the hardware that runs our stores. Currently, our store systems run partially on a Linux server and partially on our IBM AS/400. Both pieces of equipment are a single point of failure for our stores. In 2020, we will convert all of our store systems to run on redundant Linux servers, which will eliminate the times the store computer system is down and the store teams are forced to use paper catalogs and write manual sales tickets. This project also puts pressure on our SG&A as we must fully depreciate all of the store AS/400 by the end of the year. Second, we will aggressively modernize our fleet of semi trucks in 2020. The enhanced safety features, improved fuel economy and maintenance savings on the project yields a great return on our investment. Were also planning to increase our spin on investments that drive energy savings in our stores. Over the past few years, we have steadily converted our store lighting to LED technology. Weve been so pleased with the savings from lower electricity usage and maintenance combined with the superior image in the stores that were accelerating this project. Now, one byproduct of this conversion is that the LEDs shine a bright light on some of the wear and tear in our high-volume more core stores. As a result, we will be remodeling more store interiors this year than is typical in our capital plan. As I mentioned earlier, ensuring our substantial vehicle fleet continues to put pressure on our SG&A. We continue to have a very good accident rate; however, the cost of each accident continues to grow significantly for all large fleet operators. To better protect the safety of our team members and others while working to minimize our losses, we're testing a variety of crash equipments and monitoring tools to improve the accident rate of our store based fleet and those projects are included in our CapEx plan for 2020. The last item Ill mention as our omnichannel efforts. We will continue to invest heavily in enhancing our omnichannel capabilities to meet our customers on their terms with solutions that meet their specific needs, whether they visit us to work, call or click. This initiative puts pressure on our expenses as well as our capital expenditures. As Greg mentioned earlier, 2020 will be a learn and plan year as it relates to Mayasa. So we dont expect a meaningful capital spend this year, but that will change in future years. We have always geared our business model to generate long-term sustainable growth that is solidly profitable. Were very confident our SG&A spend, our additional inventory investment, and our capital investments in 2020 will put us in a great position to continue our history of success. However, were an extremely proactive and detail-oriented company, and should situations change or additional opportunities arise, we will make changes to our investment strategy on a store-by-store, project-by-project basis. As I conclude my comments, Id like to again thank the entire OReilly team for a solid year in 2019. As we preached at the conference and talk about every day when we focus on the fundamentals of customer service and consistently execute our business model, team OReilly truly makes every customer count and Im confident our team will do that again in 2020. Now, Ill turn the call over to Tom. 
Tom McFall: Thanks, Jeff. Now, well take a closer look at our quarterly results and our guidance for 2020. For the quarter, sales increased to $168 million comprised of $100 million increase in comp store sales, a $58 million increase in non-comp store sales and a $10 million increase in non-comp non-store sales. For 2020, we expect our total revenues to be between $10.7 billion and $11 billion. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 20.6% of pretax income, which was lower than expected based on a larger than expected benefit from share-based compensation and it was comprised of a base rate of 23.8%, reduced by a 3.2% benefit for share-based compensation. This compares to the fourth quarter of 2018 rate of 23.6% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24% reduced by a 0.4% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 22.3% of pretax income, comprised of a base rate of 23.8%, reduced by 1.5% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full year of 2020, we expect an effective tax rate of 23.2% comprised of a base rate of 23.6% reduced by a benefit of 0.4% for share-based compensation. We expect the first and fourth quarter rates to be lower than the second and third due to solar tax credits in the first and tolling of certain tax credits in the fourth. Also variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation will create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate as a percent of pretax income. Now, let me add some color to our free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the year and our expectations for 2020. Free cash flow for 2019 was $1 billion, which was $170 million decrease from the prior year. The decrease was driven by higher net inventory investment, cash taxes and capital expenditures, offset in part by increased operating profit. In 2020, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion with the year-over-year increase due to increased operating profit and lower cash taxes offset in part by higher investments in capital expenditures. Inventory per store, for the U.S. stores only at the end of the quarter was 631,000, which was a 3.1% increase from the end of 2018. The increase above our expected range of 2% to 2.5% was due to acquisition price increases and slow December sales. As Greg mentioned earlier, were going to make additional inventory investments in 2020 and expect our per store inventory to grow 5%. Our AP-to-inventory ratio for our U.S.-based business at the end of the fourth quarter was 104.6%, which was below our expectations and below the 105.7% where we ended 2018. For 2020, we expect to slow slightly more and finish the year at 104% based on the inventory initiatives Greg discussed. Moving on to debt. Weve finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.34 times as compared to our ratio of 2.23 times at the end of 2018. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects our May bond issuance and the borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. Were below our stated leverage target of 2.5 times and well approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and for 2019, we repurchased 3.9 million shares at an average share price of $369.55 for a total investment of $1.4 billion. Subsequent to the end of the year through the date of our press release, we repurchased 0.2 million shares at an average price of $428.29. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. Finally, before I open up our call to your questions, Id like to thank the OReilly team for their dedication to the company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments, and at this time, Id like to ask Zenara, the operator, to return to the line and well be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Baker from Nomura. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Baker: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to ask a follow-up on the gross margin outlook. You said one of the reasons why it wont be as strong is due to some tariff relief, which I guess means that that wont lead to as good of gross margin because you dont expect to be able to increase retail prices as much, is that right? And then as part of that, you go on to say that you still expect a benefit from lower acquisition costs throughout the year. So Im just trying to square those two. Is it that you expect the benefit, but it just might not be as big of a benefit as you had previously thought? Ill start there.
Tom McFall: Sure Mike. This is Tom. So two pieces to that question. So first, we expect to see a LIFO benefit mainly in the first half of the year. Our LIFO calculation is a total pool. So as these costs of acquisitions come in, they immediately reduce the total pool. So thats the first part of the question. The second is these lower acquisition costs on these specific product lines is as the sale prices remain high will generate more gross margin. So well gain that initial charge back over the turn of the good, which is why well see in the second half of the year, more benefit and less benefit in the first half.
Mike Baker: Okay. And one quick follow-up. Would the  if not for the Mayasa acquisition, would the gross margins still be down? I guess were trying to figure out how much of an impact that is. You said  I think you said slight. So just trying to figure, I guess, how slight?
Tom McFall: So we discussed this on last quarters conference call that the lower benefit from products purchased before the tariffs would abate during 2020. And well see that in the second half. We didnt quantify the amount that thats the main driver that are  that combined with Mayasa are the drivers for a lower gross margin.
Mike Baker: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Badishkanian from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Bellinger: Hey guys. Good morning. David Bellinger on for Greg. So I just want to follow-up on the improving traffic of late. Can you give us some more color in terms of on the DIY side of the business? Was that still negative in Q4 in terms of traffic, what are the underlying drivers here? As you mentioned some improvement baked into the 2020 guidance in terms of traffic. Are you expecting that to build throughout the year and should we think of, or should we see from you, any type of competitive pricing actions on your part to try to help drive that improvement?
Greg Johnson: Yes. So the first part of your question, what was the makeup of traffic. What I would tell you is that traffic for the second quarter in a row, overall was positive. The cash traffic was slightly negative, which was more than offset by the charge traffic, Tom, do you want to take the
Tom McFall: The second  our expectations for 2020 is that as we anniversary the pressure on DIY ticket count, which those customers are more susceptible to rising prices as we annualize those price increases and annualize the pressure on the ticket count that we will see growth in that ticket count.
David Bellinger: Got it, okay.
Tom McFall: And then a negative swinging to slightly positive. And your answer is, yes, it should improve over the years, we anniversary more of the tariff-related price increases.
David Bellinger: Understood. And then my follow-up, a bit more nearer term in nature for Q1 the guidance there Europe against your easiest comparison of the year, but still we're looking for comps in that 2% to 4% range. So is that all weather-related? Are you currently within that range now? Or is there some acceleration embedded in the back half of the quarter?
Greg Johnson: What I would tell you is, obviously, first quarter is always a volatile quarter for us that can be significantly impacted by weather. We're very early in the quarter. There's a lot of the quarter remaining. The primary  the drivers, the fundamental drivers of categories are performing well. When you look at the undercar underhood categories, we're pleased with how we're performing there. We're really missing on the weather-related categories. Because of the atypical weather that we've had thus far in the quarter.
Tom McFall: The thing that I would add to that is as we move through the quarter, and it starts to warm up, south to north, those drivers of our business, historically, the weather-related categories become less of a portion of our total sales. And January is a low volume month for us. More than two thirds of the quarter are still in front of us.
David Bellinger: All right thats very helpful. Thanks guys. And good luck.
Tom McFall: Thanks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liz Suzuki from BoA. Please go ahead your line is open.
Liz Suzuki: Thank you. I was just curious why you think you won't be able to leverage SG&A on a 3% to 5% same-store sales growth number. It just seems like the operating margin outlook is a bit lighter than what we were modeling. And I get that there's going to be some dilution from Mayasa, although it seems like it's such a small business that I  maybe I'm surprised that it's been called out as such a margin headwind. And then we would have expected that some of your previous investments are starting to lap, and there should be an opportunity to drive more dollars to the bottom line. So I was just hoping you could break out some of that operating margin pressure?
Tom McFall: Let me  this is Tom, let me start I'll turn it over to Jeff. When we look at our SG&A, we're continuing to see benefits as we lap these inflationary price increases. But our  as the small units, especially retail, our number one expense is payroll. And that continues to be an area where both low unemployment and statutory rates continue to push that number up. So in Jeff's comments, we talked about the fact that the SG&A would be above our historic norms. We do continue to see efficiencies, but it's being offset by those pressures, and we continue to invest heavily in our technology, and that continues to pressure SG&A as it has over the last few years.
Greg Johnson: Well, I would just add that we always  you have to pay what the market bears. And there's a lot of pressure on wages as it has been for a couple of years, also with the statutory minimum wage increases, but we always do our best to leverage that by trying to increase team member productivity through additional team member training, additional technology, which is why we're investing in the technology initiatives.
Liz Suzuki: Okay, great. And just on Mayasa, I mean, is there perhaps some conservatism in these estimates, just accounting for unknown factors, given that this is your first venture abroad and maybe you're trying to bake in a certain level of conservatism there just to account for the fact that it's a new venture for you?
Jeff Shaw: So when we look at Mayasa, it's relatively small in comparison. And when we looked at this acquisition, it's really about developing a footprint that we can expand. So we will be in there working on buying synergies and cost synergies that you would expect. But we'll also be investing to build the team and the processes to build a much larger organization. So we're going to add expenses to accelerate our ability to grow out there. 
Liz Suzuki: All right great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hey good morning guys. 
Greg Johnson: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: Talk a little bit more about the tariff exceptions you mentioned in some key categories. I guess, is that something that you could expect to receive rebates from past tariffs pain.
Tom McFall: Yes so Bret weve really got three primary categories that we've seen some exception in, and it's not across the board. For example, rotors has an exception, but the exception is only on a certain diameter or circumference rotor. So the larger rotors didn't get the exception, the smaller rotors did. Most of the exceptions that that have been granted are retroactive, and we would expect to get the tariffs paid to date back as well. 
Bret Jordan: Okay. Any sort of sizing of those?
Tom McFall: No, we really don't have anything we want to disclose there, Bret.
Bret Jordan: All right. And then a question on the inventory expansion adding 100 plus. Is that existing coverage of inventory you currently carry, or are you going to be expanding branded or private label SKUs to sort of new pieces of the parts mix?
Greg Johnson: Yes, here's kind of what we're doing. We've been successful for years with our inventory deployment strategy and the strength of our supply chain is one of our greatest strengths. Markets continue to change. The marketplace continues to change, and we're trying to make sure that we're adapting accordingly. We're not changing anything related to depth or breadth of inventory in our distribution centers. What we're looking at is, as the consumer, especially the professional customer as their expectations continue to increase on prompt delivery time, in-stock position from all of our stores, even though we replenish our stores daily and they get multiple deliveries in markets where we have a distribution center or through our hub store network where we don't, we're trying to push more individual SKUs down to the spoke store level and the hub store level.  So what we're doing is adding not depth but more so breadth of SKUs at our hub and spoke stores, and it's not specific to private label or national brands. It's just trying to get more inventory out there available to drive sales. 
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Tom McFall: Bret this is Tom. Id like to add something to the first question on tariff exceptions. I'd highlight yourself and others on the call that we work very hard at making sure that we didn't take the full tariff increases through looking at the currency through other sourcing, through sharing those increases with our suppliers. So we, the aggregate price increases were quite a bit less than the actual headline tariff number.
Bret Jordan: Great, great. Yes, sure, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Please go ahead your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Want to start on the comp outlook. Understanding you guys have talked about a few initiatives today, and obviously, traffic getting better through the year seems to be implied. But the full year guide seems to imply an acceleration on the two-year stack as we move through the year, as comparisons get tougher. Could you just maybe help us think through the buckets in more detail? Is that an assumed sales uplift from remodels? Is that just the traffic getting better? Can you talk about what gives you confidence that two-year stack should improve as we move through the year?
Greg Johnson: Yes, Ill start that and then let Tom add on. I think it's a combination of everything you said there. I mean I think the appearance will help, the store appearance package changes will help. I think the inventory availability initiatives we have underway will help. I think all the things that we're talking about from a CapEx perspective that would help drive sales is going to help our comps for the year in our two-year stack. As I said earlier, we're not overly disappointed with how we're performing in our key categories undercar underhood categories that you expect to sell throughout the year. The softness in the first quarter is primarily related to those seasonal items. It's the batteries, it's the LIFO, it's the categories, antifreeze, washer fluids, the things that you sell during the winter when you have extremely cold weather that causes breakage in winter care. And we just haven't seen that thus far in the year. Again, it's very early in the year. And then there's still an opportunity to have a lot of cold weather in the remaining weeks of February, and we certainly hope we do, and sales for those categories pick up. But we're optimistic about the categories that drive our business day in and day out from an underhood undercar perspective. 
Tom McFall: To add to Gregs comments we finished 2019 with a 7.8% two-year stack. And at the midpoint of our guidance, at the end of 2020, we would get 8%. So what we would say is that we expect the underlying dynamics of the automotive aftermarket and our execution of our business model will remain robust and will be consistent. Now we expect to see some improvement in traffic, less inflation, but a different composition of our average ticket. So we would view our outlook for 2020 to continue to be solid based on those trends.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks, thats helpful. And then as a follow-up to an earlier question. On the expense side, I think we get that payroll is a pressure, but I thought your commentary in the prepared remarks was that the industry was remaining rational and that you were passing through some of that SG&A pressure through higher prices. Are you just seeing inability to pass-through that level of inflation to offset the SG&A pressure? Or can you help us understand the moving pieces there a little bit more? Thanks.
Greg Johnson: So we do continue to pass on prices, although we would tell you right now, our view for 2020 is they'll remain static, and the benefit will be from pre-anniversary of price increases that went on. When we look at those SG&A pressures, our opportunity, I think, is less on the pricing side, more on returning to normal growth in our average ticket and improving customer counts. But we, as Jeff talked about, need to make sure that we're staffing our stores appropriately at market rates. And we have a very technical workforce that makes all the difference at the store level.
Daniel Imbro: Got it, thanks. Best of luck guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Zack Fadem from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Zack Fadem: Hey, good morning. With the warmer start to January, we're hearing a lot of comparisons to 2017 hoping you can walk us through some of the differences today versus three years ago. Why do you think the setup is this time around, could be different, particularly from a nonweather perspective?
Greg Johnson: Yes, Zac, if you think back to 2017, some of the things that we called out in 2017 are not applicable or less applicable today than they were then. 2017, we called out not only weather, but we also called out where we were with the SAAR years of vehicle, vehicle populations that we're entering our market, the aftermarket post warranty, we talked about Hispanic hibernation, post election, some of those things. And when you look back at the average age of vehicles today that are coming out of the great recession, you're well into the years that are better for our industry even than they were two years ago. So I would say that those are some of the differences. 
Zack Fadem: Got it. Thats helpful. And then could we just to put the Mexico P&L impact to rest. Could you walk through your expectation for top line impact? And then just to confirm the margin pressure, sounds like it's roughly half Mexico, half core business, could you just confirm that, that's right? And maybe walk us through the moving parts there? 
Greg Henslee: As we have with other smaller acquisitions, we're not going to break out the economics of that acquisition. I think the key thing to know about the Mexican business is that the vast majority of their business, they're only running 21 stores. Most of their business is independent jobber business and that has a different operating metric profile than company-owned stores, what you're going to see is you're going to share the gross margin with the independent jobber store, you're selling to so you have significantly lower gross margin, but you're also not bearing the expenses at the store level, so a lower SG&A.
Zack Fadem: Okay, got it. I appreciate the time. 
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead your line is open.
Chandni Luthra: Hi, this is Chandni Luthra on behalf of Kate McShane. Thank you for taking my question. I guess my first question is, so you guys gave a 1% same-SKU inflation expectation for 2020. But how does that vary from 1Q where you guided a 2% to 4% comp versus say, into 3% and 5% regime into the back half of the year? Just trying to assess where this same-SKU inflation more in the first half of the year? Or how does that vary? 
Greg Johnson: Definitely more in the first half of the year, very little much less in the third quarter and virtually none in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter of this year, most of the  we were slightly higher than we expected it to be, and that was on base commodities.
Jeff Shaw: And I would say the guide was more so based on weather-related demand and the impact of inflation between the first quarter and the remaining three quarters. 
Chandni Luthra: Got it. Thats very helpful. And if I could get a follow-up question on your supply chain. So obviously, a lot of retailers have been talking about Coronavirus, I was just trying to assess, are you seeing any impact on your supply chain from that part of the world?
Greg Johnson: Not yet. One of the differences in us and a lot of our competitors in the industry is we all bring in a lot of product in from China. That's no secret. The timing of this Coronavirus kind of correlated with Chinese New Year. So we had already bought products in advance, planning for the shutdown from Chinese New Year. One of the advantages that we have is there's not a lot of product that has a demand cycle that warrants bringing it from China directly into our individual DCs. So rather we negotiate with our suppliers to keep a number of days of inventory on hand in their distribution facilities within the U.S. So we've got built up inventory within the U.S. that will keep us for probably two to three months that before we would see the impact from product coming from China.
Chandni Luthra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Leary [ph] from Wolf Research. Please go ahead your line is open.
Jacob Moser: Hey guys this is Jacob Moser on for Chris. Thanks for taking the question. So first, could you just talk a little bit more about the health benefit expense in the quarter? I think you said it would normalize as the year goes on? So is this like a onetime true-up? Or if not, like what drove such a large onetime expense?
Tom McFall: So we're fully self-insured for health benefits. And they have not a very long time from initial claim to when you know the full extent of the claim, particularly about six months. So what we saw was our third quarter mature in a way that was much higher than we thought, and fourth quarter come in a lot higher, but health benefits have a fluctuation, and we've had good years and good quarters and we've had rougher years and rougher quarters, and it really  some of it is just statistics and odds.  What we looked at was a few really big claims and more medium to larger claims than we'd expect. Impossible to predict fully, but we would expect this to be more of an outlier and expect 2020 to follow more historical medical trends for our population.
Jacob Moser: Got you. And then secondly, can you just talk about the timing of the 2020 D.C. openings? And is there anything we should be thinking about in terms of cost pressures or comp lift as these are built out and opened? 
Greg Johnson: Jeff do you want to take that?
Jeff Shaw: As far as timing, the 11 D.C. will roll in the second quarter. And then the Horn Lake or Memphis D.C. will roll in, in the last quarter of the year. From a cost perspective, we would expect to would expect to feel some cost pressures. Distribution is included in our gross margin. It's not a huge number, which is why we didn't call it out separately.
Jacob Moser: All right thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS. Please go ahead your line is open.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. In the past, the aftermarket has seen a prolonged impact from the lack of cold weather, particularly in the spring from the lack of corrosive material that's put on the road and from pot holes, it seems like looking at your guidance, you're assuming that, that won't be the case this year. Why would this year be different? And as part of that question, as you do look at your full year comp guidance, do you see more risk in the front half of the year from the weather or in the back half of the year, from the lack of tariff-related inflation?
Greg Johnson: Yes, Mike Ill take the first part of that and then let Tom talk about the first half versus back half of the year. As I said earlier, our softness has been more in weather-related categories. And the fact that our sales have remained strong on those typical wear and tear categories such as undercar steering, chassis, things like that, through the first few weeks of the year and the tail end of 2019, that gives us confidence that those repairs and those hard part categories will still perform well for us. 
Tom McFall: So to take out the rest of the question, Michael, as we get near the end of the season people will defer true seasonal purchases, whether thats air conditioning season or in this case, cold weather. We'd expect the rest of the winter to be normal. Precipitation is really what creates the rough road, so we'd expect that to be normal, and that hasn't been as different. If you remember last year, we had the polar vortex, which that cold weather really drives the seasonal. So between that and a better vehicle dynamic as opposed to 2017, where we were going to get the harder vehicle dynamic gives us confidence. And as Greg said, our underlying core categories have been good.  As far as the risk to comps throughout the year, what we would tell you is that we're not in an underserved market. We need to continue to go out and execute better than our competitors and grow our market share every day, whether it's the first quarter or the fourth quarter, and it will be the same next year. When we look at our comps, and we continue to perform very consistently, a lot of it driven by the vehicle dynamics, by reasonable gas prices, by high levels of employment, and we expect that to continue throughout the year. So our expectations for comps will be relatively consistent in the second, third and fourth quarter, first quarter or by January lack of cold weather categories.
Michael Lasser: Thanks for that. And your gross margin guidance for this year has caused a lot of conversation and debate. Should we expect that once you get past this inventory accounting dynamic that your gross margin should be stable to growing over the long term?
Tom McFall: Well, what we would tell you is that our focus is on comp gross margin dollars. And as we saw this year with same-SKU inflation, we're able to generate more gross margin dollars at a similar rate. So we always try to improve our acquisition costs and the efficiency of our distribution and squeeze out those costs to drive better gross margins. So our expectation is that it will be stable to slightly growing.
Michael Lasser: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simon Goodman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead your line is open.
Josh Kamboj: Hi, this is Josh Kamboj on for Simon. And thanks for taking the questions. It sounds like a larger than usual number of store and technology projects are coming to fruition this year, combined with the increase in the D.C. openings in the recent Mayasa acquisition. It looks like is a greater sense of urgency around investing than in the recent past. Is that a fair assumption? And if so, can you talk about what might be driving that and potential areas of mis-execution that you might be monitoring especially closely?
Greg Johnson: Yes. I mean, there's  you can break it down by categories and some categories, there was a greater sense of urgency, some have just been ongoing initiatives. An example of a greater sense of urgency would be the replacement of our store point-of-sale systems. Over the past year, we've been working on making our systems more stable in our stores, and that entails both making sure our communication networks are redundant and dependable as well as making sure the systems themselves have high availability. And when you look at a dated platform, like the AS400, when those machines fail, it takes some time to get them back up. Jeff's comments in his prepared statements, that creates downtime for the stores and creates manual processes, which doesn't result in a very favorable customer experience. So that's a big spend for us. It's a big lift. It's something we've been working on for a few months now, and we fully expect to roll those out by the end of the year.  Some of the other investments are just  they just have the right return, and there are things we need to do. We've seen savings in our utility expense in 2019 as a result of the LED lighting initiatives in our stores and our D.Cs., and we're extending that, both from an apparent standpoint, which should help with sales as well as the financial return. Another example of an initiative with a high ROI is our delivery fleet, our DOT fleet, our DOT fleet. That's going to do several things for us. Our fleet is an aging fleet, we've always depreciated our trucks over an extended period of time and over the years those trucks have become much more efficient. So by replacing a significant portion of our trucks this year, it does several things for us. One, it reduces our maintenance costs because it's new equipment. Two, it should help with our driver hiring and retention because it's new equipment, drivers like to drive new equipment. There are many drivers out there that are not certified to drive trucks with manual transmissions. All of our new trucks will have automatic transmissions, which opens up the applicant pool significantly and also that allows us to have more collision avoidance on our trucks and more technology in our trucks.  So it's a combination of all the above. Some of it, it's based on ROI, some of it is based on driving sales and some of it, it's just out of necessity like the computer system replacements in our stores.
Josh Kamboj: Thank you. And then your Q4 comps were obviously pretty healthy and better than we were expecting. Did you see evidence that you gained significant share in the quarter, perhaps? Or was it more a function of maybe your store footprint? And then just related to that, can you talk about some specific factors that you might have assessed and embedded in your 2020 guide, for example, the extra day because of the leap year, potential sales risks are 2H around the election, anything like that to be aware of? 
Tom McFall: Joe, on the cap question, on the comp question on for LEAP day. We don't include that in our comps. So that day just becomes a non-comp day. When we look at around the election, our expectation is that we won't see significant disruption around the election.
Jeff Shaw: As far as the Q4 comps, I mean, we came out of Q3 pretty strong and that carried into Q4, just as Greg mentioned in his prepared comments, it's often a pretty widespread in December. As far as taking market share, I mean, it's always our goal, will be the dominant part in every market we operate in. And that's what we focus on fundamentally in all of our stores across the country everyday is just the fundamental execution and top-notch customer service, trying to build relationships with all the customers in the market, both retail and professional.
Josh Kamboj: And thats it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, Zenara. We like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for a solid fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. We look forward to a strong year in 2020. And I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to reporting our 2020 first quarter results in April. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the OReilly Automotive, Inc. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is John and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] And I will now turn the call over to Tom McFall.
Tom McFall: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During todays conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2019 results and our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year of 2019. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The companys actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the companys latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the OReilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David OReilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman, are also present. Its my pleasure to congratulate Team OReilly on our excellent performance in the third quarter and to thank every member of the team for their unwavering commitment to our companys culture of providing excellent customer service to each and every one of our valued customers. After seeing some weather-driven volatility in the first half of 2019, demand in our industry evened out in the third quarter, and our team did an excellent job of taking advantage of the solid industry backdrop to deliver a strong 5% comparable store sales growth in the quarter, which is at the top end of our guidance range. Im pleased that our team was able to translate this top line performance into an 11% increase in operating profit dollars and a 13% increase in earnings per share to $5.08 per share, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range by $0.25. Our third quarter performance is the result of our teams relentless focus on excellent customer service and expense control. Year-to-date, our comparable store sales growth stands at 3.9%, which is consistent with prior year and in line with our full year guidance we have maintained throughout the year at 3% to 5%. Now Id like to provide some additional color on the composition of our third quarter comparable store sales results. Both the DIY and professional sides of our business contributed positively to our comp growth in the third quarter, with professional again being the stronger contributor. Part of the performance of the professional side of our business is the result of a calendar benefit from one less Sunday during the third quarter this year as compared to 2018. Sunday is our lowest-volume day of the week on the professional side and the impact of one less Sunday was a benefit of roughly 50 basis points to our total comp sales for the quarter. During the first quarter of 2019, we had one additional Sunday versus 2018. So through the first 9 months, were even on Sunday and theres no impact to our year-to-date comps. Even adjusting for this benefit, we saw a robust comparable ticket growth in our professional business during the quarter driven by strong performance in key under-car hard parts categories, including brakes, ride control and chassis, as well as more typical performance in hot weather-related categories. Ticket counts in our DIY business continued to see pressure, consistent with our recent trends as customers on this side of our business remain more susceptible to the rising price environment. However, in total, our comparable ticket counts were positive for the quarter. The long-term driver of increased parts complexity, coupled with the current inflationary environment, continues to drive increases in average ticket, which accounted for the majority of our comp increase in our third quarter. On a year-over-year basis, we have experienced product acquisition cost inflation driven by tariffs and other input cost increases passed on from our suppliers. As has been the historical experience in our industry, the nondiscretionary nature and immediacy of need in the products sold in the aftermarket has allowed our industry to rationally pass through these acquisition cost increases. The impact of those top line increases accelerated in the third quarter as the most recent round of tariffs went into effect and our industry began passing through these costs at the beginning of the third quarter. We would expect to see a continued tailwind from the benefit of these price increases in the fourth quarter, though to a lesser extent as we began to calendar price increases that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018 driven by the first round of tariffs. Including the additional price changes we began to see in the beginning of the third quarter this year, we now expect to see a larger benefit from increasing average ticket with same SKU pricing of 2.5% to 3% for the full year. As we have discussed on our last two calls, we continue to believe the pressure of rising prices to be a short-term constraint to DIY ticket count growth as much  as our more strapped consumers react to deferred maintenance when possible, trading down to the good, better, best value spectrum when necessary repairs cant be deferred. However, we believe that consumers will adjust to price pressures and the ticket count growth in our business will return to historical trends over time. As I previously mentioned, we saw more normal weather patterns in the third quarter than we saw in the first half of the year. We would describe sales of seasonal products as being as expected and did not significantly benefit from catch-up of pent-up demand on seasonal products. Adjusted for the Sunday shift, the cadence of the third quarter sales were also very steady as we saw very consistent results, especially in core hard parts categories throughout the quarter and have seen a similar start to the fourth quarter thus far in October. Looking forward to the remainder of the year, we continue to have confidence in the strength of the broader aftermarket, characterized by stable employment and general macroeconomic conditions, low gas prices, modest increases in miles driven and increasing age and complexity of vehicles. In line with these market conditions and based our performance so far in 2019, were establishing our fourth quarter comparable store sales guidance at 3% to 5% and reiterating our full year comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5%. As always, our team remains focused on providing the best possible service to our customers, and we remain very confident in our ability to gain share and generate results which outperform the market. For the quarter, our gross margin of 53.3% was a 35 basis point improvement over the third quarter of 2018 margin and was a high end  or was at the high end of our expectations for the quarter. We continued to see stability in gross margin even in light of pressure from tariffs and other input cost increases as pricing remains rational in our industry. We are leaving our gross margin guidance for the full year unchanged at 52.7% to 53.2% of sales though, as Tom will discuss in his prepared comments, we now expect to come in near the top end of that range. Our operating profit dollar growth was 11% for the third quarter, which represents our strongest quarter growth since 2016. We also expect our operating profit as a percentage of sales to come in at the top end of our previously guided range of 18.7% to 19.2%. Moving on to earnings per share, our third quarter EPS of $5.08 was an increase of 13% over last year. And on a year-to-date basis for the first 3 quarters, our EPS of $13.63 was an increase of 10% over 2018. Were establishing our fourth quarter guidance at $4.12 to $4.22. Based on our strong sales and profit results for the quarter, our expectations for the fourth quarter profit and EPS tailwinds from shares repurchased, were raising our full year EPS guidance to $17.75 to $17.85. Our full year guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Again, I would like to thank our team of over 82,000 dedicated team members for the outstanding third quarter performance. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg and good morning everyone. I would like to begin today by echoing Gregs comments on the dedication of Team OReilly. As a result of the hard work and commitment of each of our store and DC team members, we were able to produce strong results in the third quarter, at the top end of our expectations. In my comments today, I will provide some color on our performance in the third quarter and discuss our organic store and DC expansion plans and I will also touch on the exciting plans we have to expand our companys footprint into Mexico with our upcoming acquisition of Mayasa Auto Parts. Our success has been built on the foundation of the OReilly culture of excellent customer service, and we remain very confident in our teams ability to seize on growth opportunities as we expand into new markets. I will begin my comments today by discussing our SG&A results for the third quarter. We were pleased to be able to leverage SG&A expenses 22 basis points during the quarter as a result of the strong comp performance and effective expense management by our teams. On an average per-store basis, SG&A grew 2.5%, which was in line with our expectations for the quarter. As we discussed on last quarters conference call, we have experienced continued pressure in SG&A this year from rising wages and other variable costs in the current tight labor market and those pressures continued in the third quarter. However, the year-over-year comparisons ease as we calendar against the increased payroll spend in 2018 from our reallocation of the savings from the tax reform, which had ramped fully by the third quarter of 2018. We are maintaining our guidance range for full year growth in SG&A per store of 2.5% to 3%, and we expect to come in towards the higher end of that range based on the ongoing inflationary environment, which is consistent from our second quarter call. Our strategy for managing our operating expense spend for 2019 continues to be focused on ensuring we are equipping our store teams with the resources they need to provide excellent customer service while also driving omni-channel and technology initiatives to capitalize on opportunities to drive increased sales and improve efficiency and operating profit. Next, I would like to provide an update on our store expansion during the quarter and our plans for the remainder of the year and for 2020. In the third quarter, we opened 76 new stores, bringing our total year-to-date 2019 store openings to 181 net new stores and significantly closing the shortfall to our quarterly plan for new store openings, which was caused by weather-related construction delays in the first half of the year. We remain very confident we will achieve our goal with opening 200 net new stores in 2019. Were very pleased with the performance of our new stores and continue to be excited about our opportunities to identify great locations and great store teams to profitably grow our business in markets across the country. A key factor in our successful expansion is the consistent industry leading support of our distribution teams. Our ability to provide the best parts availability in the aftermarket is the result of the excellent job our distribution teams do on a daily basis to support our stores, coupled with our ongoing commitment to enhance our distribution advantages through continued investments in distribution infrastructure and technology. We continue to progress on schedule with our 3 DC projects and we will open our new facility in Twinsburg, Ohio, just south of Cleveland during the fourth quarter. Our ability to deploy the right inventory at the right location within our supply chain and get parts in the hands of our customers faster than our competitors is one of the keys to our success. We are very confident in our teams ability to successfully manage the distribution expansion projects currently underway and to continue to capitalize on our advantage in parts availability. As Greg announced in our press release yesterday, we have set a new store growth target of 180 net new stores in 2020. Our 2020 new store growth target is slightly below our growth number from the past several years, which reflects the significant effort and resources that we will direct towards our international expansion into Mexico. As we announced in August, weve entered into a definitive agreement to purchase Mayasa Auto Parts headquartered in Guadalajara, Mexico. First, to update on the progress of the transaction, we are working diligently through the customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals and still expect to close before the end of the year. As weve discussed for the past few years, we view expansion outside of the U.S. as a natural next step in our long-term growth strategy, and we focused on evaluating opportunities closer to home in North America in both Mexico and Canada, which have similar vehicle populations. Our process has involved both evaluating the potential opportunities present in the automotive aftermarket in these countries as well as understanding the competitive landscape and potential acquisition targets to partner with for our expansion strategy. Throughout our history at OReilly, we have taken pride in sticking to the fundamentals and making sure we grind out the day-to-day blocking and tackling of executing our business and we have taken the same detailed approach to working through our evaluation of international expansion. The results of this process have only served to reaffirm to us that we have a great opportunity in Mexico to enhance value for our shareholders as we meld our proven business strategies in partnership with an outstanding company in Mayasa. From their beginnings over 65 years ago, Mayasas history has mirrored our own history at OReilly as a family-owned company that has grown into a very successful supplier in the aftermarket by focusing on the same fundamental culture values of hard work and excellent customer service. The Orendain family has built a strong, highly respected business through its 5 distribution centers, which support 20 company-owned stores and an expansive independent jobber customer base across Mexico. At this time, Mayasas company-owned stores represent the smaller portion of the business and the overall magnitude of this transaction is not material in comparison to our existing U.S. business. However, this partnership represents a tremendous foundation for us to grow upon from the platform that Mayasa has established to expand the base of company-owned stores over time and become a major competitor at a national level in Mexico. As we look forward to executing this strategy, were excited to partner with Mayasas seasoned management team who will continue to operate the business in conjunction with OReillys experienced leadership team. While we are anxious to close the transaction and get started, we will be cautious at the pace at which we move forward in Mexico. Just as it was during our evaluation process, we will be very focused on ensuring we take the time to learn the Mexican market, work with the Mayasa team to develop the growth strategy and invest in developing solid leadership and infrastructure that will move us forward in Mexico. Were very happy to welcome the over 1,100 hard-working and dedicated Mayasa team members to the OReilly family, and we look forward to the closing of the transaction in the fourth quarter. To close my comments, I would like to once again thank Team OReilly for their outstanding performance in the third quarter and continued dedication to our customers. Our teams execution has driven solid results in the first 3 quarters of 2019, and were in a great position to finish the year strong. Now Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all of Team OReilly for their continued commitment to our customers, which drove our strong results in the third quarter. Now we will take a closer look at our quarterly results. For the quarter, sales increased $184 million, comprised of $122 million increase in comp store sales; a $57 million increase in non-comp store sales, which includes the contribution from the acquired Bennett stores; a $7 million increase in non-comp, non-store sales and a $2 million decrease from closed stores. For 2019, we continue to expect our total revenue to be $10 billion to $10.3 billion. As Greg previously mentioned, our gross margin is up 35 basis points for the third quarter. On a year-over-year basis, third quarter gross margin benefited from the sell-through of on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to tariff-driven acquisition price increases, which have gone into effect in stages starting in the second half of 2018 and continuing throughout 2019 and the corresponding retail and wholesale price increases. When we established guidance for 2019 at the beginning of the year, we expected this gross margin benefit from the sell-through of lower cost inventory to be bigger in the first half of the year based on the then current tariffs and pricing environment. However, with the most recent round of acquisition cost increases driven significantly by the last round of tariffs, but also by other inflation being passed on by our suppliers, we are seeing an additional benefit to our gross margin. This benefit will continue in the fourth quarter of 2019 which is the driver of our expectation that gross margins will be at the top end of our full year guidance range as Greg mentioned earlier. While we are not yet prepared to provide gross margin guidance for 2020, we would expect this tailwind to gross margin to carry forward into next year, but decrease quarter by quarter as we turn the low cost inventory and anniversary tariff price increases. Our expectations are based on the current tariff and inflation landscape, but the impact on our gross margin will ultimately be determined by the timing of inflation, tariffs and any corresponding market price changes. Most importantly, we continue to be pleased with our industrys ability to retain rational pricing and pass through cost increases and are confident, based on the nondiscretionary nature of demand for the products we sell, we will be able to sustain this strategy moving forward. Our third quarter effective tax rate was 22% of pretax income, which was below our expectation and comprised of the base rate of 22.5%, reduced by 0.5% benefit for share-based compensation, both of which were better than our expectations. This compares to the third quarter of 2018 rate of 19.6% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 22.6%, reduced by 3% benefit for share-based compensation. As a reminder, the third quarter is typically lower than the remainder of the year due to the tolling of certain open tax periods and the better-than-expected base tax rate this quarter as the result of positive resolution of certain tax matters in the quarter. For the full year of 2019, we now expect an effective tax rate of 23%, comprised of a base rate of 23.8%, reduced by a benefit of 0.8% for share-based compensation. However, changes in tax benefit from share-based compensation could create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the quarter and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2019. Free cash flow for the first 9 months of 2019 was $995 million versus $959 million in the first 9 months of 2018. As Greg noted in yesterdays press release, a big driver of the year-over-year increase in free cash flow relates to our investment in solar projects that generate investment tax credits, and the timing of these investments can create unevenness in our cash flows. Based on when these solar projects come online, we expect this timing difference in free cash flow to normalize during the fourth quarter. Absent this timing effect, free cash flow is lower year-to-date, with the reduction driven by increased CapEx, offset in part by higher pretax income. For the full year, were maintaining our free cash flow guidance in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was 618,000, which is up 1% from the beginning of the year and up 2.1% from this time last year. We continue to expect to grow per store inventory in the range of 2% to 2.5% this year as a result of acquisition cost increases and the fourth quarter opening of the Twinsburg DC putting pressure on the growth percentage. Our EPD inventory ratio at the end of this quarter was 108%, which is up from 106% from the end of 2018. We now expect to finish 2019 around 107%. Finally, capital expenditures for the first 9 months of the year were $481 million, which is up $131 million from the same period of 2018, driven by our ongoing investment in new DC projects, the conversion of the Bennett stores, new store growth and technology investments. We continue to forecast CapEx to come in between $625 million and $675 million for the full year. Moving on to debt, we finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.28x as compared to our ratio of 2.23x at the end of 2018. The increase in our leverage reflects our May bond issuance and the borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. Were below our stated leverage target of 2.5x and well approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and year-to-date, we repurchased 3.6 million shares at an average share price $364.84 for a total investment of $1.3 billion. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, and through the date of our press release, we repurchased 0.1 million shares at an average price $393.33. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows to our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders. Before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to thank the OReilly team for their outstanding performance in the third quarter and for their continued dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I like to ask John, the operator, to return to the line and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And I will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning guys. I wanted to ask a little bit about the DIY business and sort of what you are seeing on the sequential trends in the do-it-yourself business. As you pass along more price increases, what have you seen from an elasticity deferral perspective? In one hand, prices are higher. But on the other hand, miles driven have generally picked up since bottoming in the back half of last year and we think thats a nice driver of that business and the overall business. So how is this balanced out in terms of deferred expanding?
Greg Johnson: Sure, Chris. Third quarter, we were up slightly on the cash, the DIY side of our business. If the tariffs and inflation persist, we feel like the more cash-strapped consumer will have to make some decisions, not much different than what we would face with rising fuel prices and ordinary inflation. And while we havent seen a lot of evidence of deferred maintenance, it would be somewhat likely that, that would be a decision that, that consumer might make if they were having financial difficulties to defer  not, not complete those maintenance cycles but defer those and extend those maintenance cycles out a little bit longer. So we havent seen a lot of evidence. Those more elastic categories are more the maintenance categories like oil and things like that. And we havent seen any evidence that there has been a big shift there, but that could happen to these tariffs and inflationary  should this inflationary environment continue.
Tom McFall: What I would add to that, Chris, is ticket comps were up slightly on the DIY side. Total comps were relatively strong although as Greg mentioned in his prepared comments the professional business continues to lead the way in total comps. When we look at our category performance, items that can be deferred especially on the DIY side are a little bit lagging whereas our hard parts business things that you need to run your car continue to be good on both sides of the business.
Chris Horvers: And then as you think about  have you tried to disaggregate the strength in the hard parts business between price and unit to try to tease out how the car park improving this year and even more so next year, if thats  how much of that is driving this commercial comp acceleration, which is accelerating on a stock basis?
Tom McFall: So not to breakdown the individual numbers, but when we look over the last few years with the lighter SAAR years coming into the professional side of the business really entering our market, which tend to be  the newer the car, the sooner its off warranty, the higher propensity is to be serviced by a professional. That put pressure on us over the last couple of years when we were seeing that abate. When we look at our category type performance, especially items like brakes which are routinely repaired or changed out after they come out of warranty, we continue to do well on that side. So we think the  that bubble moving into our years and then higher SAAR years coming into our market off-warranty bodes well, has been a positive this year or not a negative and we would expect that to continue into the next year.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Best of luck guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt McClintock from Raymond James.
Matt McClintock: Hi, yes. Good morning, everyone. I was wondering just given the magnitude of this being your first time going into a different country if you could just remind us how you think about the Mexican market overall, the opportunities there, how its different than the United States market just give us a little bit more context just so we can frame it in general? Thanks.
Greg Johnson: Sure. Great question, Matt. One of the things kind of going back we have been talking about entering markets outside of U.S. for a few years now. And we have been looking obviously in Mexico as well as in other North American countries for that right opportunity. What I would tell you is that the Mexico opportunity seemed to come about more quickly than other areas of North America. And as we moved into Mexico, we really were looking for acquisition candidates that check several boxes that we needed to have checked. And some of those include they need to have a solid store base. They need to have a leadership team that was grounded and understood the marketplace very well. They needed to be a good culture fit for our company. And they needed to have scalable systems. And while we looked at some companies along the way that were larger than the Mayasa organization, the Mayasa organization seemed to check all of those boxes, so very solid leadership team. As Jeff said in his prepared comments, theyve been in business for well over 60 years. The leadership team in Mexico will remain in place and will work very closely with our companys leadership to direct our future opportunities down there. Now what I would tell you is we havent closed on the deal yet and there is much work to be done, which, as Jeff said, was one of the reasons that we reduced our store count outlook for 2020, is because of the level of effort that goes into preparing for growth in Mexico. And again, the Mayasa organization gives us the ability to do that. Theyve got distribution. Theyve got the knowledge of the marketplace. But our real estate team and operations teams have a great deal of work to do to really understand, to fully understand that marketplace and learn from the Orendain family and the leadership to drive our future growth in Mexico. Jeff, did you want to add anything to that?
Jeff Shaw: No. I mean, you covered it pretty well. I mean its obviously a new market and weve got a lot to learn. But when you go down there and visit the markets, I mean, its like the U.S. 40 years ago. I mean its a highly fragmented market. There is really not that many chains of any size, AutoZone being the biggest. But theres just a ton of small independent jobber business. So its obviously a much smaller market than U.S., but were very excited about entering the market and growing our business down there.
Matt McClintock: It sounds pretty exciting. I wish you all the best of luck. Thanks for the color.
Jeff Shaw: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. I would love to follow-up a little bit more on the pass-through of inflation and the response from both DIY and do-it-for-me. Specifically, you mentioned already some of the potential deferral, what have you guys been able to do to help offset or mitigate that by maybe growing private label or offering a different sort of assortment both in hard parts and maybe more traditional maintenance stuff?
Tom McFall: Okay. Thanks, Greg. This is Tom. Just to clarify one item on Chris question earlier when he asked about DIY ticket trends. What I meant to say was the trend was slightly positive, but continues to be under pressure. To answer your question, Michael, we continue to look for ways to entice our DIY customers to repair their vehicles. We do a lot of work online with how to repair vehicles. We are promotional in our industry, but really, we think our best opportunity is to continue to grow that base is to provide great customer service, know-how, tool loaners, testing, so that as these consumers feel the pinch of higher prices, they feel more confident in their ability to repair their vehicles and save money that way.
Greg Melich: Do you see indirectly any of that happening on the hard part side where youre getting the unit demand but people are maybe changing the mix on older cars?
Greg Johnson: Not any more than what weve normally seen. When you look at the life cycle of our good, better, best product levels, as the vehicle gets older in that life cycle, the consumer tends to buy more towards the good or better end of the spectrum. Theres exceptions to that, but overall leading into the higher-end vehicles would tend  and the professional side of our business would lean more towards the higher end of that good, better, best spectrum. And then the older the vehicle gets, the more likely they are to trade down to the lower end of that spectrum.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then my follow-up was on Mexico and the grander scheme of the growth algorithm. I think you mentioned stores now being about 180. Is that the number you guys said in the beginning? b
Greg Johnson: No, company-owned stores is 20 in Mexico.
Greg Melich: Got it. But for the company, now were going to do 180 net new stores next year?
Greg Johnson: Yes.
Greg Melich: And so should we be  is that just like in the  is that because next year youre doing Mexico? And should we think about the 180 as a step-down that could step up again? Or is it more of like look at  look for the U.S. business to do 3.5% footage growth and now the additional point of footage growth might come out of Mexico?
Greg Johnson: What I would tell you is we still feel like we can operate somewhere in the neighborhood of 6,500 stores in the U.S., and our U.S. growth over time will continue as we approach that number. But what were going to do is were going to kind of blend that growth between the U.S. and countries outside the U.S., the first being Mexico.
Tom McFall: To add to Gregs comment, we felt like it was prudent having gone through a number of acquisitions, knowing how important it is to get the foundation of that acquisition right before we move forward. That we, as a company, are going to allocate a lot of time to understanding the Mexican market, developing our plan and to make sure that we can put the appropriate amount of focus on developing and starting that plan. Were going to back off new stores just for this year. I dont think it indicates anything about future years of what were going to do. Were going to run our business with the mind of continuing to grow our store base profitably and set that going forward, but we wouldnt say that this is an indication we think the total number of stores we can open in U.S. or our ability to open stores has changed.
Greg Melich: Right thats clear thanks a lot guys and good luck.
Tom McFall: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. Scot Ciccarelli. I guess I have a bigger picture question for you guys. So historically, this industry kind of viewed a sweet spot for cars entering their initial repair stage at maybe 6 to 8 years old for the pro side of the business. But a recurring theme for a long time is we keep hearing about, lets call it, sluggish ticket counts being offset by higher average ticket. So my question is this, with parts continuing to be made better and lasting longer, should we start to think about that initial repair stage maybe starting later in the vehicles life? In other words, could we have seen  or are we seeing, I should say, the sweet spot maybe shift to 7 to 9 years or 8 to 10 years where they really come into that kind of initial repair stage for your pro customers?
Greg Johnson: Yes. Scot, what I would tell you is I dont know the starting point of that sweet spot has moved that much. But I think the sweet spot itself has expanded because vehicles are just lasting longer. If you look at whether its 5 to 7, 6 to 8, 6 to 10, I think that, that initial inflection point of the sweet spot is driven by the vehicles coming off warranty. As soon as those vehicles come off warranty, a lot of those maintenance and repair items go to the professional installer. And then over time, as those vehicles get older, we benefit on the DIY side as well. But vehicles are just lasting longer, vehicles lasting between 11 and 12 years now. And a lot of times vehicles that are on their second and third ownership pattern are being maintained as well as they were when they came off the assembly line.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Just conceptually like you owned the  yes, I understand that it comes off the warranty and then you start taking it somewhere other than the dealer and you start using aftermarket parts but, I dont know, lets call it is the breaks and the starter. Maybe it doesnt need to be changed, right, at 6 years. You really can last till 7 or 8 or 9 years. I guess that was the thought process.
Tom McFall: So what I would add to that, Scot, is a lot of the routine maintenance items, when you look at oil change intervals, fluid change intervals, when you look at tune-up type items, those have definitely expanded with different technologies that cost more to do but dont happen as often. When you look, a lot of our core items: brakes, belts, hoses, rotating electrical, batteries, that hasnt changed dramatically. But some of those categories that have changed and have been spread out, example oil changes where it used to be 3,000 miles and now your car tells you when you should change your oil with synthetic or semi-synthetic, those had a lot  have a lot of ticket count but dont have the per-transaction value that hard part repairs have.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it, okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: Thanks everyone. So you are on track to hit, looks like, your midpoint of your comp guidance of about 4%. You mentioned theres a little bit of help from price hitting 2% to 3% now for the full year, if I heard that right. So if you look at it that way, the underlying growth is more like 2%  maybe 1% to 2% arguably. And if you look in the past, your business seemed to have averaged something a little bit higher than that with no inflation, 2% to 3% or even better than that with no inflation. Do you diagnose it in that same way? Or how do you diagnose it? Is underlying demand softer? And then when we start to lap some of this pricing, will the units go back up? I dont know if thats how it should work but curious to hear your thoughts on that.
Tom McFall: So when we look at our business, I think weve been pretty clear that the professional side of the business where the average consumer or end consumer is less price sensitive, continues to see good unit growth and average ticket growth, and thats why that side of the business continues to lead. On the DIY side of the business, we have pressure on our ticket count from rising prices so that is limiting what the comp is on that side. So we still feel very good about a 5% comp in the third quarter. When we look at annualizing these price increases, I think our direction is similar to where weve see shocks in gas prices. We would expect that the DIY side will  the average consumer will become adjusted to what the current prices are and that we will see, as we annualize these increases, less pressure on count.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. So I think it just, if I could paraphrase, it seems like there is really no impact to the do-it-for-me demand side or unit count. Its really the do-it-yourself sort of would explain maybe some of that  some of the underlying the softness, I guess?
Tom McFall: Well, I dont know that we would characterize it as soft when we deliver 5% comps. Were very, very happy with that result.
Simeon Gutman: Fair enough. Can I ask this one follow-up? Have you thought about a scenario in which tariffs get revoked? I dont know if you plan for that or thinking through that, but what percentage of the price increases could the industry  do you think the industry could keep?
Tom McFall: Well, well have to see what happens with tariffs. As weve talked about on our quarterly calls, starting with the first quarter, our guidance anticipates that the current inflationary/tariff environment will remain. And we will adjust our business accordingly when those changes occur. But to speak about something that hasnt occurred or may not occur is probably not the appropriate thing to do.
Simeon Gutman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser : Good morning thanks a lot for taking my question. There was a little bit of confusion in terms of some of the commentary about the consumer response to the price increases. And on the one hand, it seems as though there was a comment that youre anticipating some unit demand destruction from the price increases. On the other hand, there was indication that some categories that were deferrable, like motor oil and some other areas were  actually mean some unit demand destruction from price increases. So could you clarify what category  if theyre actually seeing some elastic response and what categories right now?
Greg Johnson: Yes. Michael, were not seeing any. Again, our professional side of our business was very strong. So what weve been talking about here is the DIY side of our business. And we havent seen any of the elastic categories take a big hit because of this. What we would say in summary is if inflation persists, again, no different than ordinary inflation or gas prices or what have you, that, that consumer may have to make some decisions. And what those decisions may be would be deferring or extending maintenance cycles on those categories, some of which are more elastic, or perhaps trading down from a good, better, best spectrum on required repairs.
Michael Lasser: Okay. And so is the way to characterize what happened this quarter is everything remained largely stable. You didnt see as much of a negative impact from the weather plus you had a slightly higher benefit from pricing this quarter and then  and thats all adjusting out for the extra Sunday. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Greg Johnson: I think it is, yes.
Michael Lasser: Okay. And then my last question is for Tom. Is there a scenario in 2020 where SG&A per store doesnt grow 2.5% or above? And whats the likelihood of that?
Tom McFall: Well, were not going to  were not giving guidance for 2020. But Ill reiterate what weve said on previous conference calls is to the extent that the labor market remains tight, we would expect to continue to have pressure on our SG&A growth. Thats the biggest expense that we have in that line. And really, that pressure of higher wages impacts everything that we do and a business does. But we would expect to see, if that were the case, continued inflation in selling price to help offset that.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Sigman from Credit Suisse.
Seth Sigman: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to follow up on CapEx. So obviously, this year, there was a big increase related to some of the DC work and store conversions. Id assume some natural step-down next year, particularly with less U.S. store growth. But can you just discuss some of the capital requirements related to Mayasa and whether theres going to be a need for any sort of meaningful investment within that chain at some point?
Tom McFall: So this is Tom. We would expect to have a lower CapEx level next year just based on not having three ongoing DC projects, although it will continue to be elevated because two of the projects will still be ongoing. To speculate on Mayasa right now and what well do next year is premature. We havent even closed on the business. But our expectation over time is that we have a great opportunity to grow a large store base in Mexico and well deploy capital successfully in Mexico. But to Jeffs earlier comments, we really want to make sure we understand the market, have the team in place, have the infrastructure in place before we commit additional capital to start growing that store base robustly.
Seth Sigman: Got it. Understood, okay. And then I just want to follow-up on pricing, how would you guys categorize the competitive landscape today from a pricing perspective? Do you feel like its rational? Have competitors followed some of your moves on pricing? And then sort of related, when you analyze your price gaps versus some of the emerging competitors in the space, whether thats pure-play online companies or whoever that is, have you seen any major change in those price gaps as you guys have taken pricing up?
Jeff Shaw: Sure. So what I would say is weve seen very little change in the competitive landscape. Our industry still is very rational from a pricing perspective. And there are categories that we lead and move up in and typically, our competitors will follow, and I guess, vice versa. That holds true as well. But we  our industry has always been very rational and continues to be very rational from a pricing perspective. As far as online, really havent seen a lot of change there, except for the method by which some of the brick-and-mortar retailers price online. I think its become more typical that our price points are the same or very similar to what we have in the stores. And we offer discounts across the ticket to be more competitive with pure online retailers. And again, a lot of times theres a perception out there that when youre looking at brand to brand, we might not be competitive from a pricing standpoint. But when you look at it from an application-to-application standpoint, we are consistently very competitive from a price point standpoint. That consumer is buying products online. For price, well be able to go out and look for a part for his vehicle that maybe we have on a proprietary brand at equal to or sometimes less than what the pure online retailers are selling at.
Seth Sigman: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess first question is kind of wanted to think through the impact of opening DCs. Its great to see you opening DCs again. Its been a while, kind of what are the impacts on comps that youve observed when you open a DC? Is there any kind of quantifiable uplift in that market? And then two, how do we think about the margin cadence? I would think maybe initial headwind of some kind and then it becomes a tailwind but just kind of curious how you are thinking about the net of those? Thank you.
Jeff Shaw: I might take the first part, this is Jeff, and then let Tom or Greg chime in. But any time you open a DC in a given market, I mean, that market could be serviced by a hub store carrying somewhere from 45,000 to 65,000, 70,000 SKUs. And opening that DC, we have availability same day, several times a day availability to 160,000 to 170,000 SKUs. So when you have that inventory available, youre just able to say yes to the DIY customer or the professional customer or fill the  fulfill the B2B ticket more times than not where before it would have been available overnight. So I dont know if its exactly quantifiable, but its sure another tool in the tool box for those stores in that given market serviced by that new DC.
Tom McFall: And from a cost perspective, our history has been to continue to grow our store base and expand DCs really beyond the range thats ideal from efficiency standpoint for them to run and to overload their store count, which makes them internally inefficient before we open a new DC. So as we open these new DCs and unload the stores from overloaded DCs, it makes their labor more efficient. It makes the miles driven more efficient. So we dont see a real big impact in our gross margin on a comparative basis.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. A quick follow-up on the gross margin commentary from tariffs you said earlier. I just want to kind of confirm, maybe it through a little bit more. So you expect the gross margins to be up year-over-year and accelerate the Q4 and then decelerate but still positive year-over-year into 2020. Is that the right way to look at it like or how should  like maybe just clarify a little bit. I wasnt quite sure what the answer was?
Tom McFall: So we are seeing a benefit in our POS margin as prices have moved up with the tariffs. I mean, basically we have a slow-turn industry. So we have an amount of inventory that we purchased before the tariff increase so we make a higher gross margin. So that was a benefit here in the third quarter. It will be a benefit in the fourth quarter. As we sell through that merchandise and reduce that amount that was basically sitting in LIFO, we will see that tailwind diminish quarter by quarter next year.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got it, okay. But still up, though, is the answer or no?
Tom McFall: The answer for the fourth quarter is we expect to see strong gross margins, which will drive us to the top end of our gross margin  full year gross margin guidance.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got it. Good luck. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. I have a question. As it relates to the number of employees, on a per store basis, we saw a bit of a decline year-over-year this quarter. Is that because of the mix shift towards full time? Or are you managing your employee base a little bit differently?
Tom McFall: I think we fielded this question on a few different conference calls. We have, obviously, a large employee base and that number is a point-in-time number. So depending on the time of the week it ends, depending on how many jobs we have that are open and the fluctuation, especially on the part time, that number can fluctuate, but its not an indication of any actual a change in our business staffing philosophy. And for that, Ill turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Shaw: Really, I mean, we run our business one store at a time and have the appropriate staffing to take care of the business in that market. And then that seasonally ramps up and ramps down depending on the time of the year. Obviously, were kind of in the ramp-down mode a little bit coming out of summer, going into fall and winter. So nothings changed structurally on how we run our business. Weve always ran our business for the long haul, provide excellent customer service each and every day.
Seth Basham: Got it. And just a follow-up, a clarifying question. Tom, did you say that DIY ticket count, so traffic on a comparable store basis was up or down this quarter? And how did that trend relative to the last 2 quarters?
Tom McFall: Yes. Id make sure I get it right this time. The number continues to be under pressure, so it was negative. It was slightly improved from the second quarter is what I was attempting to say.
Seth Basham: Understood now. Thank you.
Tom McFall: Thank you.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Greg Johnson: Thank you, John. Wed like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire OReilly team for your continued hard work in delivering a strong third quarter. Id like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year results in February. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Second First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Brandon, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 30 minute question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over the Mr. McFall, you may begin, sir.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our second quarter 2019 results and our outlook for the third quarter and full-year of 2019. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain Forward-Looking Statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words, such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive second quarter conference call. Participating on this call with me this morning, are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President and Thomas McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. I would like to begin our call today thanking team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to providing the excellent service that earns customers business every day. Our team remains relentlessly committed to our customers and the growth of the O'Reilly brand in all of our markets. In the second quarter, we generated 3.4 comparable store sales growth as our core underlying business was very solid. However, we faced some adverse weather headwinds during the quarter, which resulted in comparable store sales coming in towards the bottom end of our guidance range. We saw a strong start to our quarter in April, but experienced unseasonably cool and rainy weather in many of our markets as we moved through the quarter, which significantly impacted the demand we typically see in seasonal piece of categories. As we called out at our press release, yesterday, the significant precipitation we have seen thus far in 2019 has also delayed new store construction and pushback anticipated new store openings schedule, which Jeff will discuss in his prepared comments. The combination of these top-line pressures, coupled with continued headwinds in SG&A expenses from an inflationary cost environment, resulted in our second quarter earnings per share performance of $4.51, falling below our guided range of $4.55 to $4.65. We are not pleased whenever our actual results fall short of our expectations, but remain confident in the drivers of underlying demand in the automotive aftermarket and in the ability of our team to outperform our competition and grow market share. Now I would like to provide some additional color on the composition of our second quarter comparable store sales results. Both the DIY and professional sides of our business contributed positively to our comp growth in the second quarter with professional again being the stronger contributor. In aggregate, comparable store sales gains continued to be driven by increased average ticket as a result of continued increasing parts complexity and inflation. Comparable safety accounts for the quarter were flat with solid growth on the professional side offset by pressured to the DIY ticket counts consistent with our recent trends as customers on this side of the business remains susceptible to rising prices. On year-over-year basis, we experienced product acquisition inflation driven by tariffs and other input cost increases passed on from our suppliers. As has been the historical practice in our industry these acquisition cost increases have been rationally pass through to increase pricing. During mid June the additional round of 15% tariffs went into effect and we anticipate the related acquisition price increases will be passed along in selling price. However, we expect the incremental benefit in same skew pricing will likely to be offset by pressure to ticket counts and good, better, best product mix headwinds. Next I would like to provide some additional details on category performance and the cadence of our comparable store sales growth during the second quarter. As I previously mentioned, the quarter started off well but demand slowed as we moved into May and June. Typically we see a seasonal increase during these months in heat related categories such as air conditioning and refrigerants. However, with the unseasonably and rainy weather in many of our market in May and June we experienced sluggish demands in these categories. Excluding the headwinds we saw in these categories, we continue to see solid demand in both sides of our business in-line with our expectations and are pleased with the performance of key undercar hard part categories including breaks, ride control and chassis. We continue to have a positive outlook from the strength of our industry including positive trends in core underlying demand drivers, steadily increasing miles driven and increasing age and complexity of vehicles. While weather conditions can call short-term volatility in our business, our team remains focused on providing the best possible service to our customers everyday in all of our markets and this consistency and execution drives our ability to take share in all market conditions. With more normal summer weather we have experience thus far in the quarter, we are off to a solid start in the third quarter and are establishing our third quarter comparable store sales guidance at 3% to 5%. Based on the first half performance and our unchanged expectations for the demand conditions in our industry, we are maintaining our full-year comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5%. For the quarter, our gross margin of 52.8% was a 36 basis points improvement over second quarter of 2018 margin and in-line with our full-year gross margin guidance. During the quarter, our slower than anticipated seasonal sales resulted in a mix benefit to gross margin percentage and the year-over-year stability in gross margin highlights our industries ability to pass along acquisition price increases. For the year, we are leaving our full-year gross margin guidance unchanged at 52.7% to 53.2% of sales. Although based on year-to-date results and second-half expectations, we now expect to be above the midpoint. Our operating profit dollar growth was 4% for the second quarter and 4.5% for the first half of 2019 and we continue to expect our full-year operating profit as a percent of sales to be within our previously guided range of 18.7% to 19.2%. For earnings per share, we are establishing our third quarter guidance at $4.73 to $4.83. We are maintaining our full-year EPS guidance of $17.37 to $17.47. Based on our year-to-date results, expected headwinds from delayed new store openings and continued anticipating pressure to SG&A, we expect to come in near the bottom of the range. Our full-year guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through the call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to again thank our team of over 81,000 dedicated team members for their continued dedication and commitment to our customers. We remain very confident in the long-term drivers for demand in our industry and we believe, we are very well positioned to capitalize on this by consistently providing industry-leading service to our customers every day after. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff.
Jeff Shaw: Thanks Greg and good morning, everyone. I would like to join Greg in thanking team O'Reilly for their hard work and steadfast commitment outhustling the competition, to earning our customers by providing the best service in our industry. Our team continue to successfully navigate a choppy sales environment by staying focused on the fundamentals of our business and ensuring we are doing everything possible to take care of our customers. I would like to begin my comments today by discussing our SG&A results for the quarter and provide some color on our approach for executing our business model and managing expenses. SG&A as a percent of sales was 33.6% a deleverage of 64 basis points from 2018. On average per store SG&A basis, our SG&A grew 3.4%, which is higher than our expectations for the quarter, while total SG&A dollars spend was on plan. The majority of the deleverage from the prior year was expected as we continue to see structural cost pressure from rising wage rates and other variable costs in a tight labor market. At the same time, we continue to invest in our goals to continually enhance customer service, both in-store and in our Omni-channel and technology initiatives. So, higher than expected per store SG&A growth is the result of delays in new store openings. When a new stores opening date is pushed back a month or two, a portion of the staff for the new store has already been hired and is in training in an existing store. Adjusting for these delays is extremely difficult, especially in this high labor market. Our field management teams have flexibility to adjust staffing levels to appropriately respond to persistent trends on our business, but will not adjust drastically in short periods of time in an attempt to hit a short-term target. We are very confident in the strategy and feel that our consistency in delivering excellent customer service in all market conditions has been critical to our long-term success. However, we do encounter pressure to our SG&A when facing sales volatility, particularly when we experience significant weather-driven swings in the business in the short-term. We constantly evaluate the opportunities we have to drive increased sales and profitability. We can and will prudently adjust expenses overtime when appropriate for our business. As Greg discussed earlier, as we look forward to the remainder of 2019, we continue to have a positive outlook for the demand in our industry and are maintaining our sales guidance. As a result, we are also maintaining our guidance range for full-year growth in SG&A per store of 2.5% to 3% with the expectation we will come in towards the higher end of that range based on the results in the first half of 2019. Next, I would like to provide an update on our store expansion during the quarter and our plans for the remainder of the year. In the second quarter, we opened 43 net new stores bringing our total 2019 store openings to 105 through the first six months of the year. While the construction, installation and opening of over 100 stores in the first half of the year is a result of a significant amount of hard work and dedication by our team, we unfortunately are well behind the plans schedule for new store openings we established coming into 2019. This shortfall is a result of significant levels of precipitation we saw in markets with new store projects in development. Consistent with our approach with previous years, our projected calendar for new store openings is more heavily weighted towards the front half of the year, which afford us the opportunity to put the new team in place and let them get their feet underneath them before entering the busy summer season. We are accustomed to seeing and adjusting to delays for any number of reasons including weather and typically would not have a material impact to our overall schedule. Unfortunately, the wet weather in 2019 has been wide spreads and persistent on a week-to-week basis that has delayed many projects for extended periods of time and has impacted our overall schedule significantly. As Greg mentioned earlier, this delay created top-line pressure in our second quarter that we will persist as we catch up in the back half of the year. However, we remain very confident we will achieve our goal of opening at least 200 net new stores for 2019. Now before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to provide an update on a couple of other expansions projects. During the second quarter, we successfully completed the conversion of 20 Bennett auto supply stores acquired at the end of 2018 and merge the remaining five stores into existing O'Reilly locations. The Bennett team has been a great addition and we are pleased with the opportunities to continue to grow our business in Florida, which remains a key growth market for us. Finally, Im pleased to report that we continue to progress on schedule in the development of our three DC projects with plan new facilities in Twinsburg, Ohio just south of Cleveland, in Lebanon, Tennessee in the Metro Nashville market and in Horn Lake, Mississippi, just south of Memphis. We have established an aggressive schedule for these projects with a plan opening of Twinsburg in the fourth quarter followed by Lebanon opening in the first half of 2020 and Horn Lake opening in the second half of 2020. Our DC team has repeatedly demonstrated the ability to successfully manage multiple ongoing new distribution projects while consistently achieving a high standard of service to allow our stores to get hard to find parts in our customers hands faster than our competitors. We are industry leader in the investments we have made to establish a robust distribution infrastructure that supports the best parts availability in the aftermarket and we will aggressively work to enhance our distribution capabilities to maintain this competitive advantage. As important as the physical locations of our 27 DCs and our network of 350 hub stores are to our strategy, its equally important that we execute on our business model deploying right inventory at the right location within our supply chain and effectively and efficiently delivering the right part to our customers faster than our competitors. We are extremely confident in the ability of our teams to execute at high level and lead the industry and inventory availability, but we will not rest on our past success, as we strive to expand our industry-leading advantage. I would like to once again thank our store and distribution teams for their continued dedication to providing the best customer service in our industry. Despite fluctuations in industry demand, we experienced in the first half of the year, our team has produced solid results and we are in a great position to finish the year strong. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all of team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our customers, which drove our solid results in the second quarter. Now we will take a closer look at our quarterly results. For the quarter, sales increased $134 million comprised of an $81 million increase in comp store sales, a $54 million increase in non-comp store sales, which includes the contribution from the acquired Bennett stores, and $1 million increase in non-comp, non-store sales and a $2 million decrease from closed stores. For 2019, we continue to expect our total revenue to be $10 billion to $10.3 billion. As Greg previously mentioned, our gross margin was up 36 basis points for the quarter, as we saw benefits from product mix. On a year-over-year basis, second quarter gross margin also benefited from sell-through of [Anaheim] (Ph) inventory that was purchased prior to the tariff-driven acquisition price increases, which went into effect at the end of 2018 and the beginning of 2019 in the corresponding retail and wholesale price increases. Within our guidance expectations coming into 2019, this benefit to gross margin was expected to be more significant to gross margin in the first half of the year. And as Greg mentioned earlier, we are leaving our full-year guidance unchanged, but our actual results will be impacted by the most recent round of tariffs and the timing of corresponding marketplace increases. We remain confident that margins will remain rational industry as a non-discretionary nature and immediacy of need of the parts we sell affords us and competitors significant pricing power. Our second quarter effective tax rate was 23.9% of pretax income, slightly above our expectations and comprised of base rent of 24.4%, which was on plan, reduced by 0.5% benefit from share-based compensation which was less than expected. This compares to the second quarter of 2018 rate of 21.5% of pretax income, which was comprised with a base rate of 24.5%, reduced by a 3% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full-year of 2019 we continue to expect an effective tax rate of approximately 23.5%, comprised with a base rate of 24.1% reduced by the benefit of 0.6% per share-based compensation. While the benefit from share-based compensation will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, we expect these variations to even out over the course of the year and are leaving our full-year tax rate expectations unchanged. We expect our base rates to be relatively consistent with the exception of the third quarter which maybe lower due to the tolling of certain open tax period. Now, we will move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the quarter and our guidance expectations for the full-year of 2019. Free cash flow for the first six months of 2019 was $541 million versus $632 million in the first six months of 2018. With the reduction driven by increased CapEx, and a higher account receivable balance which is timing related due to the day of the week that quarter ended, offset impart by higher pretax income and a reduction in our net inventory investment. For the full-year, we are maintaining our free cash flow guidance in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $610,000 which was down slightly from the beginning of the year and up 1.6% from this time last year. We continue to expect to grow per store inventory in the range of 2% to 2.5% this year as a result of acquisition cost increases and the fourth quarter opening of Twinsburg DC putting pressure on the growth percentage. Our EPD inventory ratio at the end of the second quarter was 108% which is up from a 106% from the end of 2018. We still expect to finish 2019 with approximately 106%. Finally capital expenditures for the first half of the year were $296 million which was up $71 million in the same period of 2018 driven by our ongoing investments and new distribution projects, the conversion of the Bennett stores and new store growth and technology investments. We continue to forecast CapEx to coming to $625 million to $675 million for the full-year. Moving onto debt. We finish the second quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.35 times as compared to our ratio of 2.23 times at the end of 2018. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects our May bound issuance and borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. We are below our stated leverage target 2.5 times and we will approach that one number one appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and year-to-date we have repurchased 2.6 million shares at an average share price of $359.63 for a total investment of $921 million. Subsequent to the end of the second quarter and through the date of our press release, we have repurchased 0.2 million shares at an average price of $380.79. We remain very confident the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash for our shareholders. Before I open up our call to your questions, I would like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to our Company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments and at this I would like to ask Brendon the operator to turn the line and we will be happy to answer your question.
Operator: Thank you sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] And from Jefferies we have Bret Jordan. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Gregory Johnson: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Just a follow-up on your inflation commentary. I mean I guess as we look at anniversary last years tariffs but then some potential new tariff addition this year. How do you see the inflation stacking up in the second half of the year?
Gregory Johnson: So our second quarter inflation was a little bit over too similar to the first quarter. We would expect as these tariffs starts hitting our acquisition costs that we will flow through that into price, so we would expect that we will see a higher number. Originally we thought two for the year, easing in the back half but that looks like there will be additional pressure there, will depend on how long these tariffs stay in place. Our plan right now is that they will continue as is.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. And then a question I guess, when you look around the margin, you talked about even in the space of slow demand pricing that is pretty rational. Are you seeing any either pass through of tariffs than lower prices from competitors or more aggressive activity around you know small commercial account or large national accounts?
Gregory Johnson: Jeff, do you want to take that one?
Jeff Shaw: For the most part, I mean everybody is under the same pressure from the price increases and what we are seeing in the field is everybody is adjusting the prices accordingly. I mean, anytime there is a pressure on sales, you will see some competitors try to use price as a tool to gain business, but for the most part that is not the case.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, absolutely. It's been very rational Bret and to Jeff's point, any exceptions to that from some of these regional players, I wouldnt attribute to tariffs or inflation, it's just typically some of the things they do during the course of a quarter.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs we have Kate McShane. Please go ahead.
Katharine McShane: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just after your first two quarters of comps being closer to 3% and the 5%, we are wondering what you are seeing that gives you confidence that you could potentially still reach that high end of that range? And do you have an estimate of how of much of business was impacted by wet weather?
Jeff Shaw: What we would tell you is, we look at our category-by-category performance that our underlying non-seasonal business has been very strong, where we have run into problems are our seasonal business. We would tell you that absent the pressure we saw in the HVC refrigerate category that Greg spoke to, we would have been happy with our comps this quarter. So, when we look at the rest of the year, we always plan for normal weather and that core underlying demand for hard parts remains good and gives us confidence in the second half of the year.
Katharine McShane: Okay. Thank you. And just with the delayed store opening, I just can't off the top of my head recall a time when this has been the case before. Is it purely just weather or is there more specific circumstances as to why this is happening now then may be not happening before, is it the timing of the number of stores versus wetter weather time.
Gregory Johnson: We have fairly aggressive plan in 2019 frontloaded to the first half of the year, but its entirely weather related. I mean we have always got issues year-to-year when you are making a plan and a forecast, I mean it could be environmental, regulatory whatever the case may be. There is always weather issues and normally the second quarter is the most volatile quarter of new stores openings during the year, that is when we have the most impact from weather and this year was just extremely tough and wide spread and persistent. What I would add to that Kate is, all of the locations for the year are in progress, so we are not looking for additional locations. It's just how quick we can get the doors open on the building.
Katharine McShane: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Wells Fargo, we have Zack Fadem. Please go ahead.
Zachary Fadem: Hey, good morning. You talked about the benefit of selling through pre tariff merchandize at post tariff pricing. Curious how much of it tailwind this has been for you so far this year. And then as the more inflationary products start to roll in the back half, curious if you could walk us through the puts and takes here. And at what point do you think this dynamic could shift to gross margin headwind?
Gregory Johnson: So, we would tell you the faster moving products there is less benefits, because those are the ones we are most quickly reordering. So, its more of the back end of the lines where we are seeing the benefit. And we would tell you that its a modest benefit and its something that helps our gross margin. But ultimately we look at last five, what was our last five purchase price and that is how we are managing our business. So, when we look at the ongoing forward tariffs, we are going to take a look and make sure that we are priced appropriately for the market. And looking at what margins we think we need to make and should make based on the GMROI of each product to set those prices. So we think that it will be impactful, not being negative going forward and we think we will be able to sustain our margin percentage.
Zachary Fadem: Okay. And on the SG&A side, how much of the 64 basis points have deleverage would you specifically sign today delayed new store openings. And going forward with SG&A per store expected up about 3% for the year. Are there any other buckets where you anticipate a step down in the growth rate from here?
Gregory Johnson: So, last year we have talked about SG&A, people invest in SG&A with the part of the funds they receive from the tax reduction and that going forward that we saw higher than average SG&A growth we would expect to see inflationary pricing and the top-line being the benefit and that is what we have seen this year, is the labor market continues to be tighter. So when we have looked at our guide this year, we were going to anniversary some of those investments we made last year in-store payroll, primarily more heavily weighted in the first and second quarter as they ramped up. We would tell you that when we look at our guidance and you look at the guidance from the beginning of the year, the midpoint of our operating profit was an expectation of decrease because of those pressures, we would tell you that when you look at the second quarter specifically that most of the deleverage was plan based on these higher structural store payroll numbers. But a meaningful amount is due to slower comp sales and unexpected and light non-comp sales due to the stores not opening on time.
Zachary Fadem: Got it. That make sense. I appreciate the time guys.
Operator: From Stephens Inc, we have Daniel Imbro. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Hi. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking our questions. Just a follow-up on the last SG&A question, actually one of your larger peers have talked more recently about investing more heavily into supply chain and DC wages. Are you feeling any specific pressure from those kind of investments in that part of your business or is it more broad base wage pressure?
Gregory Johnson: I would say its across the Board Daniel. We are seeing some wage pressure in some of our store markets that is driven by minimum wage changes where they are escalating some of those on the west coast, but across the country, across really in the corporate office and the DCs and in the stores, we are seeing wage pressures and wage is moving up. One of the biggest areas we have seen some wage pressure is with our DOT truck drivers and DCs, that is become a very aggressive market, supply hasnt kept up with demand over the last couple of years and we have seen a lot of the inflation and wage pressure there.
Daniel Imbro: Okay. And then I think it was last quarter or a call before that you guys talked about the market becoming more rational and being able to raise retail prices to offset some of these wage pressures. So curious if you still think the market in a similar place or what has changed to keep you guys from being able to pass through industry-wide cost pressures, being able to pass it through in form of inflation? Thanks.
Gregory Johnson: Well, I think we have spoken to the first and second quarter same SKU inflation being up slightly over 2% which is a reflection of passing through the inflationary pressures across the cost retail through our pricing to cover both the tariffs and increasing expenses and I think you see that in our increasing gross margin percentage.
Daniel Imbro: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Chris Bottiglieri. Please go ahead.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Thanks for taking the question. Wanted to go in a little bit of a tariffs. Just hoping you may give us lay at the land in terms of the percentage of SKUs affected and the level of price increases. And just for clarity, the next 15, those are the same SKUs affected or is does that become more expensive SKU set and then just look holistically thinking about this, you know given some of your reservations on deferred demand in customer trade down, is it something you had already seen in the first round of tariffs, that is what gives you the confidence that you won't see comps accelerated on the next 15, that will be helpful. Thank you.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Chris, I will take the first part of the and let Tom take the back end question. You know, there has been a total I think, this is in the fourth round of tariffs. The first was more of a component tariff increase and then we hit more and more SKUs in the second and third rounds. Third round was the most impactful, it was a 10%. And this latest round is an additional 15% on 10% for basically the same pace of SKUs. As we said in the previous quarter calls, just because there is a tariff increase either at the component level or at the SKU level of 10%, that doesn't mean that we are going to take the full 10% tariff on that. We direct import a very small subset of our SKU base. Most of our import lines is coming from China, flow through one of our suppliers facilities here in the U.S. so the impact of tariffs is a little less for us than if we direct imported all of that product. So what we would expect and what we have seen thus far is you know this next round of 15%, we would also take a less than 15% increase on this round.
Thomas McFall: In relation to you from your second question, we started to see some inflation on commodity type items second quarter of last year. And as prices go up, especially on items that are more discretionary, what we see is pressure on our lower-end consumer, our DIY consumer and that is been reflected in pressure on their traffic count. We see less of that pressure on a our professional side of the business, the general demographic there is less impacted by price increases. So, when we look at rolling through this additional round of tariffs, we would expect the professional side of the business to be less impacted on traffic and see a benefit there in average ticket. On DIY side, we will see the ticket average go up, but we would expect to see additional pressure on traffic as people work harder to defer to save money.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Got you. That is helpful. And then just a quick strategic question, is there anything you can do to address this, I know like the tool is very difficult, but is there going to be diversify outside of China, as you are going to expose to one country. Is that something that is feasible? Or would you some of that scale from doing that is just not road traveling?
Gregory Johnson: No, its definitely an option, its just not a short-term option. We try and for years we have tried to diversify where we buy products across multiple suppliers to mitigate risk and where we can across the multiple countries to also mitigate some of that risk. So, for break category for example we have got break products coming in from China, from India and from some other smaller countries. So, we continue to work with our suppliers to see what alternate sourcing locations we have, but that is just typically not a short-term change because its not like the capacity sitting there and these are other countries they have to build that capacity.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Got you. That make sense. Alright. Thank you for the time today.
Operator: From the Credit Suisse we have Seth Sigman. Please go ahead.
Seth Sigman: Thanks for taking the question. Hey, guys I just wanted to clarify on the full-year guidance. So, I think the earlier comment was that you are expecting EPS to now be at the low end of the range for the year. Is that due to the first half performance or are you actually modifying your expectations for the second half as well?
Thomas McFall: Well I think the specific word we used was lower, its based on really two factors that are different second quarter results and our expectations that we are going to continue to have a drag from new store openings where we are not generate as many non-comp stores sales dollars as we expected as we both catch up and stores that open later in the year dont generate quite as much as revenue as they have a later date to start ramping up their business.
Seth Sigman: Okay. Make sense. And then a follow-up question on the gross margin, could you just talk about the performance in the quarter, specifically you highlighted mix as a benefit. If you could quantify that that would be really helpful. And then I think previously you talked about gross margin being flattish for the second half of the year. Is that still the right way to think about it, I mean you do have higher pricing now I guess incremental to what you expected previously. So, should we actually expect that that could be a little bit higher for the year or at least for the back half of the year?
Thomas McFall: We have maintained our guidance, we think we will be able to a little bit of above the midpoint of the guidance. Seth Im sorry, will you repeat the first question?
Seth Sigman: The first part was just around the gross margin performance in the quarter, you highlighted mix. Im just wondering if you could quantify that?
Thomas McFall: Im sorry about that. We are not going into the nitty-gritty of the details, but what we would tell you is a lot of the seasonal products in HVAC and refrigerant are big ticket items, but carry a lower gross margin percentage so not having those sales for our comps, but help our gross margin percentage mix.
Seth Sigman: Got it. Understood. Okay. Thanks Tom.
Operator: From Wedbush Securities we have Seth Basham. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning.
Gregory Johnson: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Basham: My question is around the trends between DIY and DISM, if you could give us a sense of whether or not performance gap of comps between those two customer segments widen this quarter relatively to last quarter that would be helpful?
Thomas McFall: Yes. Overall the spread was very similar to what we saw last quarter with professional out comping DIY.
Seth Basham: Great. And as you look back further in 2018 was it a narrow gap than we have seen thus far in 2019?
Jeff Shaw: Its been pretty similar for the last four quarters.
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay. And just lastly, as you roll forward, do you think about the impact of tariffs and the pressure on DIY customer, do you think this round leading to higher price increases and more pressure on the DIY pocket books its going to lead to further widening of the gap?
Thomas McFall: I think it is likely will and its not just that Seth, you know its the complexity of products that are impacting that as well and its not just our industry you know we talk a lot about the average DIY consumer, their spend is being impacted in everything they buy because of these tariffs. So their discretionary income and discretionary money they have to spend on non-essential items is less than it was, and they will likely postpone any repairs that they don't have to make.
Seth Basham: Understood. Thanks a lot.
Operator: From Oppenheimer we have Brian Nagel. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. It's [David Jones] (Ph) on for Brian. Thanks for taking my questions. So, first I want to push a little further on the monthly cadence of sales. Anything in particular there that you could point in terms of underlying demand improving as the quarter progressed, may be certain category trends or geographical tends they could get into, just help to give us further comfort that comps in the back half of the year could potentially track better than what we have seen so far in the first two quarters?
Gregory Johnson: Sure David. I will take that and then I will let Jeff to speak to the regional trend. You know, on the last call, the team talked about a more normal winter with the follow up, you know with a normal winter you have road conditions deteriorating, you have breaking of under-car products, things like that or product categories rather. And that is to Toms point earlier, that is what we saw in the quarter. So we had a more normal weather pattern for April. So April was the strongest month of the quarter, and then in May and into June, those weather patterns changed and it was a cooler weather than we normally see during that time of the year and much weather across much of the country than we normally see. And that impacted primarily those sea related categories that Tom spoke to and I said in my prepared comments. So what we would say is, from a cadence standpoint, April would have been our strongest month of the quarter, followed by June and then May would have been the softest month of the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then on the continue expense pressure, you are seeing mostly on the wages side. Is there any indication that those impacts are subsiding in anyway and how should we think about overall expense growth over the next couple of quarters if comps potentially track towards the lower end of 3% to 5% range and also as we begin to look more towards 2020?
Jeff Shaw: So, our expectation is that payroll will continue to be a pressure item as unemployment stays very low, people out there completing for folks. When we look at our SG&A, our expectations is we are going to have solid sales for the last two quarters - absent with the exception of some pressure from new store opening timing, but our comps will be solid and that our SG&A will come in at the high end of our average SG&A growth per store for the full-year which means being on plan for the third and fourth quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: From JP Morgan we have Chris Horvers. Please go ahead.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning. So I want to follow up on the gross margin with respect to the tariffs, and understand your comments Tom. So, is it that - why wouldnt gross margin - you see that similar gross margin benefit, so asked another way, are people not raising ahead of it and sort of waiting to roll into that, acquire an inventory and then raise the price on it. And is that sort of the different behavior in the competitive marketplace around pricing?
Gregory Johnson: Well, what we see is an uneven application of the increase of price. So some of that has to do with whether it goes on the water, it depends how much is in your supply chain here. What we are typically seeing is that when the faster moving items which are the higher volume items, when you are starting to reorder those and you sell directly at a much faster rate, when you are reordering those at higher prices and starting to sell through and that is when we are seeing the prices be addressed in the market. So the slower moving items that have many more days in supply are the items where you get that benefit.
Christopher Horvers: And the first time around last fall did the prices go up more quickly on the slower moving items?
Gregory Johnson: Well, they go up across the line typically the tariffs will be addressed across the line. Its just when you are ordering them. What I would tell you is that the first round of tariffs, the past through was more uneven than what we see here in the latest round of tariffs. Obviously its a bigger number, we have all gone through this process. So, we are expecting a more even probably quicker application of those price increases.
Christopher Horvers: So, and so it seems like people in the marketplace are sort of feeling their way through this price increases, is that the right way to think about it?
Gregory Johnson: Yes.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. Understood. And then in terms of Im not sure just two follow-ups. With May negative and then also from a regional performance was this Midwest with the flooding and the rains, is it California which is cooler versus the Northeast, Im not sure if you have touched on that yet?
Gregory Johnson: Yes. May was not negative, we didnt have any negative months or weeks during the quarter. May was just softer than June and April. And Jeff do you want to take the regional?
Jeff Shaw: Sure. You know on the regional performance, really under performance we saw in the quarter was consistent across most of our markets. As you would expect with the weather conditions across the majority of the country. Where we experienced the most unfavorable wet weather, we saw more impact to our business especially our DIY business is calling out the areas that were most impact that would be really the center part of the country and the West Coast.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. Best of the luck for the rest of the year.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley we have Simeon Gutman. Please go ahead.
Simeon Gutman: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Ex the weather, if we look at the first half in total, not just the second quarter, you have the sense of where the comp would end up, would it be at the midpoint or could have been at the high end of the full-year guide?
Gregory Johnson: We are not going to get into details that is specific what we would tell you is that especially given the second quarter if weather was more normal in those categories that were impacted performed okay. We would be happy with our comps.
Simeon Gutman: Okay, and that is fair. And I forget, was the first quarter did you make a similar comment that weather - or that you underperform - I remember there was a soft part of that quarter as well maybe February. So, look just trying to get a sense of -.
Thomas McFall: So, when we look at the first quarter, we had a deferral of latter the spring weather into April which was a positive. And that get out and clean up in the spring is more of a DIY side of the business and we caught up on that. In April, when we look at the drivers with hard parts we had a more normal winter from a precipitation standpoint, spring isnt bright quite as early. So, when we look at the first quarter and the second quarter and we look at the core categories that really display long-term demand in our business, the ware parts, the under car parts. Our people taking care of their vehicles, the wear and tear on the vehicles, those categories have looked solid all the year and that translated into a more solid professional side of the business. The seasonal categories when the spring hit, you know come with air conditioning business that we do. Those have been a little bit of headwind and we look at the back half of year that core underlying demand for the key categories in our industry is what gives us confidence to reaffirm our guidance for the year.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. That is helpful. My follow-up is your view toward larger chains, it seems like the consolidation at the shop level is picking up a bit and I know you in the past, you have tend to gear away from some of these change because it's not been good for margin. Just wanted to see if that is still the case.
Thomas McFall: Well, there is a tremendous amount of shops in the country and there have been some consolidation. When we look at performance, there is a lot of regional change that do a fantastic job. When we partner we want to partner with people that are driving great customer service, have a models that were efficient in supplying and we have got a lot of regional and national customers that fit that and we do a lot of business with them. So, I wouldn't say that we would shy away from any of that business. We are going to make sure that we lead with service in all the business we do.
Simeon Gutman: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: And from UBS we have Michael Lasser. Please go ahead.
Michael Lesser: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. You know thus far this year you have done a 3.3% percent comp or so in the first half. Last year you did 3.8% comp for the full-year. This year you have had a 100 basis points of incremental inflation, adjusting that unit are below where they were last year running at a slower pace of growth than they were last year. So, why would that -.
Thomas McFall: I'm sorry. You cut off there Michael.
Michael Lesser: So, Tom my question is, it seems like you are seeing a greater elastic demand to price increases than what's suggested or than what's perceived by - what you had assumed in your guidance. Your comp year-to-date are running below where they were last year, and this is with more inflation than you experienced last year.
Thomas McFall: So, what we would tell you is, our professional business continues to be strong. We are seeing more of that volatility on the DIY side of the business. A lot of DIY business also carries a very low average ticket with high volumes when you look at some of maintenance items and some of the appearance items that we do business in. So appearance, obviously, has been under pressure with - the late March weather wasn't very good and when you look at things like oil changes, a lot of volume, not as high as ticket. Those are items that either the customer can forego or defer and that has created pressure on DIY traffic. What we will tell you is that the hard parts categories continue to perform well.
Michael Lesser: So, when you look at the second half of the year, is it your expectation that consumer is not going to differ these projects that much and that is what would drive an improvement in the business?
Thomas McFall: In the second half when we look at it there is less seasonal categories that drive our business than in the first half.
Michael Lesser: Okay. And then coming back to sort of longer-term outlook. It's been several years since O'Reilly has comped up 5%. Is the business now just in a different stage because the industry has become consolidated, you are doing higher per store volume and it just is going to be more difficult for OReilly to comp up 5%?
Thomas McFall: You know we had the same question in 2010 and 2011. What we would tell you is that our business is a cyclical business, you know kind of seven year cycles and the professional side of the business is much more stable. When we see good DIY years for many different reasons, whether its weather driven, whether its increase in miles driven, wages. When we have those good DIY years that is when you see the industry outperform, when that is the DIY consumer is under pressure you see the industry put up numbers not quite as good and I would tell you that at the current base we are in that beginning part. If we - whether the DIY customer is under pressure, you know if we look back three years, we saw run at three years where the DIY business swung up and we will go through these cycles overtime.
Michael Lesser: Okay. Good luck for the rest of the year.
Thomas McFall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for any closing remarks.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Brendon. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire OReilly for continued hard work and delivering another solid quarter. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Michelle, and I will be your operator for today's conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over the Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin, sir.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our first quarter 2019 results and our outlook for the second quarter and full year of 2019. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. And we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words, such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Greg Johnson, our CEO and Co-President, is unable to be with us today due to a very serious health issue involving a close family member. For today's call, Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman and Former CEO, will be participating in Greg Johnson's absence. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Greg Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. I'd like to begin our call today by thanking Team O'Reilly for their unwavering commitment to providing consistently excellent levels of service to our valued customers. This dedication to our customers is what drives our long-term success, and I'm extremely proud that the job we do each day taking expert care of both our professional and DIY customers. As we discussed in the past, the timing of weather patterns in our first quarter can cause the most volatility during the year. This was especially true this past quarter as we saw extended periods of harsh winter weather that are positive for our business and should support solid demand throughout 2019, but we also encountered significant rain throughout the quarter, which is a headwind for our DIY business. Additionally, the delay in tax refunds and a reduction of total refund dollars during the quarter contributed to the sales volatility on a comparable basis.  Finally, I would remind everyone that our first quarter included an additional Sunday as compared to 2018, which had a negative impact of approximately 50 basis points of comp store sales as Sunday is our lowest volume day of the week. As a result, our first quarter comparable store sales increase of 3.2% was at the bottom end of our guidance range due to the short-term impact of the headwinds we saw during the quarter. As we review our results for both our DIY and professional customer business on a day-by-day, region-by-region basis, we remain very confident in our business and the health of the automotive aftermarket and the strength of the underlying trends of our industry. Considering the sales volatility during the quarter, I'm proud of the effort our team put in to managing expenses and driving profitable sales growth, resulting in a 5.2% increase in operating profit dollars as compared to the first quarter of 2018 and an operating margin rate of 18.5%. In addition to the solid growth in sales and operating profit, we were -- we also benefited from a substantially lower tax rate than expected, which Tom will cover in his prepared comments. This combination of operating performance along with our ongoing share buyback program drove an increase in first quarter earnings per share of 12.2% to $4.05 per share, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $4.02 per share and reflects our team's ability to consistently execute our business model and drive solid profitable results. Now I'd like to provide some additional color on our first quarter comparable store sales results. The composition of our sales results was consistent with our recent trends, with both the professional and DIY sides of our business being positive contributors to our comp store sales increase in the first quarter with professional continuing to exceed DIY. The typical growth in our professional business outpaced DIY and continued to drive comparable store sales even with the headwind of the additional Sunday in the first quarter. The impact of weather volatility during the quarter was most evident in DIY ticket counts. However, the demand on this side of the business was otherwise consistent with recent trends even as these customers feel the pinch of rising prices across the economy. Average ticket was a strong contributor to comparable store sales on both sides of the business driven by the increasing complexity of vehicle repairs and a favorable overall business mix. The impact to average ticket from same SKU inflation was in line with our expectations for the first quarter, and we still believe the full year impact will be approximately 2%. Moving on to the cadence of our comparable store sales growth. As Greg Johnson mentioned during our 2018 Year-End Analyst Call in February, we were pleased with our start to 2019. However, we met softness from a comparable standpoint in the back half of February due to the timing of tax refunds compared to last year and generally unfavorable weather in most of our markets. This was somewhat offset by the harsh winter weather from the polar vortex in many markets. However, business was good in March, and we finished the quarter strong as March was easily our strongest month of the quarter even with the extra Sunday headwind. And I'm pleased to report that this strong trend has continued to this point in April. Given the delay in timing of tax refunds and refund dollars down approximately 3%, it's difficult to fully estimate the impact to our first quarter results, but we are confident in the core underlying fundamentals that drive demand in our business moving forward. On a category basis, our performance matched the trends I've already discussed with strong performance in key categories driven by cold, harsh weather such as batteries and wipers along with good performance in maintenance and repair categories, such as brakes, lighting and drive line. As we look ahead to the second quarter and the remainder of 2019, our outlook on the strength of our industry and our opportunity to continue to gain market share by executing our business model and providing the best customer service in our industry has remained unchanged since we provided guidance at the beginning of the year. As a result, we are reiterating our full year comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5% and establishing our second quarter guidance at the same 3% to 5% rate. For the quarter, our gross margin of 53.1% was a 44 basis point improvement over first quarter 2018 margin and, as expected, was towards the top end of our expectations built into our full year margin guidance. During the quarter, we benefited from continued incremental improvements in acquisition cost, a favorable mix of hard part sales and a rational inflationary pricing environment. Tom will discuss LIFO and the impact of tariffs to our acquisition cost in more details in his comments, but I will add that we've been pleased to see that tariff cost increases in general have been passed along in market prices, and we continue to expect pricing in our industry to be rational moving forward. We are leaving our full year gross margin guidance unchanged at 52.7% to 53.2% of sales and also continue to expect our full year operating profit to be within our previously guided range of 18.7% to 19.2% of sales. For earnings per share, we're establishing our second quarter guidance at $4.55 to $4.65 and are reiterating our full year EPS guidance of $17.37 to $17.47. Our full year guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call which does not differ significantly from the impact we included in our fourth quarter call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to again thank Team O'Reilly for their hard work and dedication to our company's continued success. Due to our continued commitment to our customers, we are off to a solid start in 2019, and I'm confident in both the long-term drivers of demand in our industry and our team's ability to capitalize on this demand by providing excellent service to our customers every day. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin my remarks today by echoing Greg's comments and thanking our team members for their hard work and dedication to providing top-notch customer service. Our team weathered the significant sales volatility during the quarter by remaining dedicated to taking care of our customers while closely managing expenses to drive profitable growth. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our SG&A results for the quarter. SG&A as a percent of sales was 34.6%, a deleverage of 52 basis points from 2018. On an average per store basis, our SG&A grew 3%, which is at the top end of our full year guidance but in line with our expectations for the quarter. Within our SG&A for the quarter is a headwind of 12 basis points relating to deferred compensation with a corresponding and offsetting benefit in other income. We continue to aggressively pursue our customer service and omni-channel goals and face pressures to wages and other variable costs from a low unemployment, inflationary environment. Our expense control focus is a key component of the O'Reilly culture, and each of our managers is held accountable for the profitability of their individual store, DC or corporate department. We manage our SG&A spend with a long-term focus on building strong relationships with our customers, and we actively scrutinize all of our expenses to ensure every dollar we spend helps to provide excellent customer service. We remain confident in our opportunity to continue to drive profitable growth through diligently executing our business model and continue to expect full year growth in SG&A per store of 2.5% to 3%. Next, I'd like to spend -- or next I'd like to provide an update on our ongoing distribution center projects and share some additional exciting DC expansion news. If our decades of experience in executing our dual market business model have taught us anything, it's that we must continue to innovate and invest to lead the industry in parts availability. It's crucial to the economic livelihood of our professional customers and equally critical to our DIY customers who depend on us to get all the parts they need to get their car back on the road. Our ability to provide outstanding customer service in our stores is dependent on the work our 27 distribution center and 342 hub store teams do to get hard-to-find parts in our customers' hands faster than our competitors. As we previously announced, we have 2 significant DC expansion projects under way with the addition of a new location in Twinsburg, Ohio just South of Cleveland and an upgrade to a new larger facility in the Nashville market in Lebanon, Tennessee. Both of these projects are on track, with the Cleveland DC targeted to open in the fourth quarter and the new Nashville DC set to open in the first half of 2020. On our last call, we also discussed that our 2019 CapEx plan included an additional DC project starting in 2019, and we're pleased to announce the purchase of an existing facility in Horn Lake, Mississippi, just south of Memphis. The new DC will be approximately 580,000 square feet, and our initial plan is to build our capacity to service 250 stores. We plan to complete the infill work for this new DC in the back half of 2020, and at that time, we'll consolidate the operations and convert our existing DC in Little Rock, Arkansas into a super hub store. The new DC will provide us with additional capacity for store growth in this region of the country and provide flexibility for the surrounding DCs while also accommodating a broader SKU capacity, increasing our breadth of hard-to-find parts and allowing us to provide an even higher level of service to the Memphis metropolitan area markets. This plan is similar to our strategy for the relocation to the larger Nashville DC, which will allow us to consolidate Nashville and convert the Knoxville DC to a super hub. Now managing 3 major DC projects at one time is a significant undertaking, but it isn't a first for our experienced distribution operations teams. And I'm extremely confident in the ability of this team to successfully build, plan and open each of these facilities. Finally, before turning the call over to Tom, I'd like to provide a brief update on our store expansion during the quarter and our plans for the remainder of the year. In the first quarter, we opened 62 net new stores, and we continue to be on track to open at least 200 net new stores for the year. We continue to spread our store growth across the country, with new store openings in 27 different states during the quarter as we continue to identify great opportunities to open stores across all of our market areas. We also have successfully begun the work of converting the Bennett Auto Supply stores, which we acquired at the end of 2018. The acquisition of the 33 Bennett stores will net a total of 20 new O'Reilly locations, with the remaining 13 stores merging into existing O'Reilly stores. We will complete the conversion of the Bennett stores by the end of the second quarter. The Bennett team has been a great addition, and we look forward to continuing to grow our market share in Florida. Before I finish up today, I'd like to once again thank our store and distribution teams for their continued dedication to providing the best customer service in our industry. We're off to a solid start in 2019, but we're never satisfied and remain highly focused on driving industry-leading results by outhustling our competition to win our customers' business each and every day. I'm confident we have the right team in place to deliver an outstanding year in 2019, and I want to thank Team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our company's success. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to our customers, which drove our solid performance in the first quarter. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the full year. For the quarter, sales increased $128 million, comprised of $72 million increase in comp store sales, a $60 million increase in non-comp store sales, which includes the contribution from the acquired Bennett stores, and a $1 million decrease in non-comp, non-store sales and a $3 million decrease from closed stores. For 2019, we continue to expect our total revenues to be $10 billion to $10.3 billion. As Greg previously mentioned, our gross margin was up 44 basis points for the quarter as we saw benefit to acquisition costs, mix and pricing. On a year-over-year basis, first quarter gross margins benefited from sell-through of on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to the recent tariff-driven acquisition price increases and corresponding retail and wholesale price increases, and we'd expect this to be a year-over-year benefit to gross margin in the second quarter as well. As a result of the inflation-driven pressure to aggregate acquisition costs, we did not see a LIFO charge during the quarter and we don't expect to have a -- excuse me, we don't expect to have a charge for the remainder of 2019. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 22.5% of pretax income and was comprised of a base rate of 24.5% reduced by 2% benefit from share-based compensation. This compares to the first quarter of 2018 rate of 22.9% of pretax income, which was comprised of a base tax rate of 24.5% reduced by 1.6% benefit for share-based compensation. For the full year of 2019, we continue to expect an effective tax rate of approximately 23.5% comprised of a base rate of 24.1% reduced by a benefit of 0.6% for share-based compensation. While the benefit from share-based compensation will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and exceeded our expectations for the first quarter, we expect these variations to even out over the course of the year, and we are leaving our full year tax rate expectations unchanged. We expect our base tax rate to be relatively consistent with the exception of the third quarter, which may be lower due to the tolling of certain open tax periods. Now we move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the quarter and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2019. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $279 million versus $311 million in the first quarter of 2018 with the reduction driven by increased CapEx and higher credit card receivable balances, offset in part by higher pretax income and a reduction in our net inventory investment. For the full year, we are maintaining our free cash flow guidance in a range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $609,000, which was down slightly from the beginning of the year and up 1.6% from this time last year. We continue to expect per store inventory to grow in the range of 2% to 2.5% this year as a result of the acquisition cost increases and the fourth quarter opening of the Cleveland DC putting pressure on the growth percentage. Our AP-to-inventory ratio at the end of the first quarter was 106%, in line with where we ended 2018 and where we expect to finish 2019. Finally, capital expenditures for the first quarter were $153 million, which was up $38 million from the same period of 2018 driven by our ongoing investments in new distribution projects Jeff discussed in his prepared comments as well as CapEx to convert Bennett stores, drive new store growth and accelerate technology investments. We continue to forecast CapEx to come in between $625 million and $675 million for the year. Moving on to debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.24x, in line with our ratio at the end of 2018. We are below our stated leverage target of 2.5x, and we will approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program. And during the first quarter, we repurchased 0.9 million shares at an average share price of $347.09 for a total investment of $322 million. We remain very confident the average purchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business, and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash for our shareholders. Before I open up our call to your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask Michelle, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question in the queue comes from Christopher [ph] with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you talk a little bit about -- a little bit more about the cadence of the quarter? You mentioned March was by best -- by far the best despite there's probably 150 basis point headwind for that month. So was February negative? And sort of how did January size up relative to those two?
Gregory Henslee: Well, Chris, as we said, March was the strongest quarter. February wasn't negative. January was pretty solid. But clearly, March was our best-performing quarter. It's spring hit and the tax refunds hit. And we had a little bit of a comparison issue in February relative to tax refunds -- customers who'd receive tax refunds and also the size of those refunds, and we think that was a primary driver of the shortfall compared to our plan in February. But those started coming in, in March, and we saw the pickup in business. And as I said, we've continued to experience a solid business trend to this point in April.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Do you think there was any deferral between the first and second quarter? Or is it all going to sort of washout within the quarters?
Gregory Henslee: Oh, I think there was some push forward into April probably as a result of the tax refunds being delayed and also just the weather that we had in February. People -- DIY customers, if it's pouring down rain outside for several days in a row, just don't have a chance to get out and work on their cars so they pushed that forward. And something else I want to mention relative to weather. As I've read some of the reports over the last couple of months relative to the polar vortex and some of the weather events, I want to make clear that the weather extremes, cold weather and hot weather, those are all good for our business. They drive demand. They because failure of rubber parts and freeze-thaw in cold weather that causes the roads to bust up and creates pot holes does damage to chassis parts and steering parts and things like that. But snow in and of itself is not good for our business unless it's accompanied by just incredibly cold weather that causes the freeze-thaw and bust up the roads. When the snow is hard, schools close, people stay home and our DIY business on those days is soft. And in some markets, we experienced some of that along with the rain in February. So I just want to mention that just for clarity.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. And then on that snow question, do you think -- as you think about -- how would you assess this winter? Did you have that -- was that snow accompanied with that weather extreme in that weather variation? And are you expecting that same sort of lift from corrupted roads, so to speak, in this second quarter?
Gregory Henslee: Yes. I would say that it was a good winter for the auto parts business. Not -- and again, that's not immediate results, but I think that winter that we had would be conducive to good business in the spring/summer as we move into those months.
Unidentified Analyst: And sorry, just any particular regions that you're thinking about had a better winter versus others?
Gregory Henslee: Jeff, do you have any regional?
Jeff Shaw: The regional performance is really based on the weather that we experienced throughout the quarter. The makeup throughout the regions would be about what you expect. The -- as Greg alluded to, there is parts in the center part of the country and the southern parts of the country that was just -- they were diluted with heavy rains, which kind of display -- or it slows down that early spring weather. And as everybody has seen on the national news, I mean, there was historic flooding up in the northern parts of the country. The eastern and the northeastern markets probably benefited more from a more normalized winter than anybody.
Operator: The next one in the queue comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: So first, to follow up on Chris' weather question. But in the past, you've discussed in these type of quarters variance in performance between weather affected and non-weather affected markets. Is there some type of number like that you can give us here for Q1 just to help understand better what maybe the core business was tracking at ex the factor -- ex the impact of weather?
Gregory Henslee: Yes. Just the difference between our best-performing markets and our worst-performing markets, is that what you're asking?
Brian Nagel: Yes.
Jeff Shaw: You got any numbers on it, Tom?
Thomas McFall: What we would tell you, Brian, is that there was some beneficial weather in all of our markets and some headwind weather in all of our market. I think as Jeff talked about, the overriding driver for the little softer sales than we anticipated was how much rain and cool temperatures we received in the center part of the country. We're not disclosing that comp variance at this point. Obviously, when you look at where we are versus our midpoint, it's relatively close performance and to call that out probably wouldn't be appropriate as we expect that to normalize throughout the year and haven't changed our comp expectation or total revenue expectation for the full year.
Brian Nagel: Yes. That's fair. That's fair. Then the second question I want to ask and maybe a bit longer term in nature. In your prepared comments, you spent time talking about both the number of stores you opened in the quarter as well as the integration of the acquisition, I guess, in Florida. So as we look at it, how do you view right now the sort of, say, the productivity of the new store as you continue to open at a relatively decent clip? And as you think of that -- because there are -- there do remain a number of smaller chains out there that are at least potential targets for purchase. Do you think about the decision whether to open stores or make potentially strategic acquisitions? How does that thought process take place?
Gregory Henslee: Tom, you want to talk about it?
Thomas McFall: So our new store performance has been right where we would expect. Obviously, we're putting the Bennett stores, and I talked about that in my prepared comments, goes into the non-comp store sales, which throws out the calculation for a new store performance. But we continue to be very pleased with the performance of our new stores. When we talk about the number of chains that are out there and how we enter new markets, our business philosophy has always been when we're going to enter a new market, what we want to do is find out who's selling parts in the market and see if there's an opportunity to team up with those parts sellers, whether it's 1 store and with CSK, it was 1,300 stores. So that's always our first lead. But what we have to do is be able to find a win-win where they're looking to exit, we're opportunistic in our acquisitions. We continue to do a large number of 1 and 2 store acquisitions. When we look at the Bennett stores, not a huge store count but really a very solid team in the market that we're growing in and an opportunity to leverage those teams and those relationships in the market to really add those stores but also make our new stores that much better.
Operator: And the next question in the queue comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: I know you guys talked about expecting about 200 basis points of part inflation for the year, but two questions related to that. First of all, what was the impact on 1Q? I don't know if you had said that. And then number two, how do you guys measure that? Like is that against kind of year-end or is that a year-over-year figure, et cetera?
Gregory Henslee: Tom?
Thomas McFall: It's slightly above two. And what we would tell you is we do a detailed calculation on a SKU-by-SKU basis outflowed for the volume that was sold this year versus last year and prices this year versus last year. So as we talked about on our call in the fourth quarter and really we talked about last year's is last year we saw SG&A inflation without as much same SKU inflation as people reinvested in our industry and in retail in general the reduced tax amount, and we talked about it, this year we'd expect our SG&A growth to be similar unless we saw increases in inflation on the top line, and that's what we're seeing as we talked about in the fourth quarter that we're pressured on our SG&A from inflationary standpoint, but we're seeing those price increases flow through really started primarily with the tariffs. But really costs of interest and cost of health care and cost of payroll especially passed through in price increases. So we continue to expect to see about 2% SKU-on-SKU inflation calculated at a detailed level.
Scot Ciccarelli: And if the tariffs did go away based on what's happening on the political front, does your view on that change, Tom?
Thomas McFall: I think we would expect to see some opportunities to reduce prices. But tariffs are only one portion of what's driving inflation. I'd tell you that wage inflation is a bigger driver in aggregate of our price increases. So that's to be determined on how the market prices that through, how fast they come through. Obviously, we're planning our business from a go-forward basis that the tariffs that are in place will stay in place and that we won't see additional tariffs or reductions of existing tariffs to the extent that, that happens, we'll manage the business on day-by-day basis to make sure that we are being competitive in the marketplace.
Operator: And the next question in the queue comes from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Josh [indiscernible] on for Simeon. Was the gap between your DIY and DIFM growth in the quarter consistent with how it's been over the past few quarters?
Gregory Henslee: We tell you, it was a little bit more, which is not unexpected given the weather volatility and some of the headwinds we have seen from weather, which, obviously, when you talk about precipitation, impacts our DIY customers as our professional shops are primarily inside and also the delay in tax returns, which is a bigger impact on our lower-end consumer.
Unidentified Analyst: That makes sense. And then just a quick follow-up. Aside from maybe the weather and the tax for this quarter, if you can sort of push that to the side, are you seeing any change in the sort of number of really old, call it, 11-, 12-, 13-year-old vehicles coming into your stores?
Gregory Henslee: What we would tell you is that the vehicle population in the United States moves very slowly. We haven't seen a dramatic change in the reported scrap rates and sales have maintained about the same amount. So we haven't seen a big change. And we continue to see the age of the vehicles get older as they're better manufactured and able to go through more routine maintenance cycles and be driven safely on the road at higher mileages. So that's change as the vehicle population we see happens very slowly over time, and we tell you it's pretty consistent.
Operator: And the next question comes from Seth Sigman with Crdit Suisse.
Seth Sigman: I wanted to follow up on the inflation. It sounds like the same SKU inflation is tracking as you would expect. What are you guys seeing from a competitive perspective? Are there others basically doing what you're doing as well? And then any signs of elasticity?
Gregory Henslee: Yes. So we do a lot of work on making sure that our prices are competitive both on the professional and DIY side of the business. And we would tell you that we continue to be very competitive in the market and adjust our prices appropriately. When we talk about elasticity of products, it really depends on the product itself. For example, batteries have a high lead content and the change in lead prices leads to quarterly changes in the prices of batteries, but it's a very inelastic product. If you go out and your battery doesn't work, your car doesn't start, and people need to replace them. On the flip side of that, our routine maintenance items, for example, oil changes to the extent that you see oil prices go up, people can extend those miles that they drive between oil changes. So it really depends on a maintenance and a failure standpoint.
Seth Sigman: Okay. That's helpful. And then just any more color on how strong March -- the improvement that you saw in March may have been. And specifically the DIY business, you've been somewhat cautious on that business over the last few quarters. How do you think about the macro backdrop for your DIY customer today?
Gregory Henslee: Tom, do you want to take that?
Thomas McFall: So we saw a benefit in March partially from easing weather and partially from tax returns getting out there. We continue to view our low-end DIY customers as somewhat exposed to price increases. And to the extent that fuel goes up, they're a little more exposed to that. We continue to see it as a great business and a great opportunity for us to grow our market share.
Operator: And the next question comes from Matt McClintock with Barclays.
Matthew McClintock: Just I was thinking higher level. You talked a little bit about continued investments in part availability and you discussed the new DCs that you're opening and the new super hub, mega hub, et cetera, that you're going to do. And there's a lot of discussion about investments that some of your competitors and others in the marketplace are making to improve their part availability. And it just seems like it's overlooked sometimes that maybe you're not just sitting down doing nothing while that's occurring. So I was wondering if you can maybe just give us an overview of over the last couple of years some of the things that you've done to increase and continue to build upon your marketing-leading position in part availability?
Gregory Henslee: Jeff, do you want to take that?
Jeff Shaw: Sure, I'll start with it and maybe you guys can chime in. Obviously, it starts with our distribution centers. And you heard us talk on the call here that we've got 3 new distribution centers under way. And putting in that number of SKUs out in the market to provide that availability is just huge for the stores that benefit from that. A couple of those DCs, the Little Rock DC and the Knoxville DC that we mentioned, they were legacy DCs from the Midwest acquisition and through the CarPro acquisition back in 2000. And they just didn't have the footprint to hold the necessary number of SKUs that we needed to hold to support a market and the capacity as well. So that's the reasoning for the new Lebanon DC as well as the new Memphis DC. Obviously, the Akron DC is an expansion these to support greenfield growth. And beyond that, I mean, it would be -- the next level would be the super hubs -- the amount of super hubs and then the hub stores where we don't have DCs in those semi-metro freestanding markets, we want to make sure that we've got the level of SKUs it takes to support the market based on the competition in that market. And that's normally driven by the number of traditional competitors. There's many, many, many solid regional and two-step competitors out there in a lot of these markets that never get talked about. They just do a phenomenal job and really still control the bulk of the do-it-for-me business across the country that we have to go head-to-head with every day. So we're continually evaluating our position in markets from an inventory standpoint and reacting accordingly. We've done that for many, many years.
Thomas McFall: And what I would add to that is we commented that the Little Rock DC and the DC in Tennessee are going to become super hubs. We have stores in those locations. The DCs are relatively small. So what we're trying to communicate is those are important markets for us that we aren't going to step away from and we'll continue to have a high level of parts availability at.
Gregory Henslee: And something I want to add, Matt, this is Greg, is that this is an old discussion here at O'Reilly. If we look back 20 or 30 years that we were talking about how we make more parts available to each store, and the reason it's become more of a discussion in the public forum now is our larger publicly traded competitors have gotten more into the do-it-for-me side of the business and realized that availability is the key to being successful in that business, it's just become more of a topic of the discussion. So we have -- as that has happened, we have worked to improve availability through hub stores and hubs and just better SKU deployment tools in our Spoke stores, we call them, stores that stand alone in the market where you -- they're not supported by hub or a DC on a same-day basis. So a big part of the success in our business, regardless of whether it's us or one of our competitors, is having the part on the shelf or having it available within an hour or 2 when a customer needs it.
Operator: And the next question in the queue comes from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Christopher Bottiglieri: One near term and then one long term one. So inflation, given that 2% inflation isn't entirely driven by tariffs, [indiscernible] wages, like given the methodologies to calculate it, was there any inflation in Q1 '18 last year? Because I think wages were still up pretty considerably last year?
Thomas McFall: We saw a little bit of inflation. We talked about it in 2018 was the first year in the past five years that the saw some same SKU inflation, and we've talked extensively about that. A lot of it was commodity-driven and the first quarter was less than 1%.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Got you. Yes, that's helpful. Bigger, longer-term question. In your 10-K, you've suggested that as of 12/31, you had the capacity your DC networks support additional 900 stores with Twinsburgh, now you're adding the DC in Mississippi. Historically, at Analyst Days, you've targeted store potential of 6,000 but seems like you're capacitating your business to do a bit more than that, especially if you open any more DCs on the East Coast or whatnot. So I guess, just the question is like have you really thought at all your 6,000 store potential?
Gregory Henslee: What we'd say is the addition -- some of the additions here are being offset by the closure of Little Rock and Knoxville. What we also continue to see is as you would expect, there's more vehicles on the road, more model years, more parts specific to each model that the number of SKUs continue to increase. So that we need more square footage per store to cover that SKU diversity. But what we'd tell you is that we continue to look for all the opportunities we can to add the stores, and we are probably expecting to have north of 6,000 stores at this point.
Thomas McFall: And additionally, we would expect that some of our smaller regional competitors will continue to be consolidating increasing the number of stores that we would be able to have in the U.S. by replacing those stores with our stores.
Operator: The next question in the queue comes from Elizabeth Suzuki from Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Actually, that was a perfect lead in to my question because I wanted to ask about further industry consolidations. I mean, how would you categorize the ability of some of your competitors to take share or -- in some of the trends in the last few years of share movement between the large chains, the smaller mom-and-pop operations, auto dealerships and online-only retailers?
Gregory Henslee: Well, I'll start off, and then Tom and Jeff may have some comments. But what I would say is that the large chains, obviously, have advantage from the perspective that there's this immediacy of need of parts in our business, and we're the best positioned to provide parts to any market. And I think all of us are looking to expand by acquisition when and where it makes sense to do so. So I think clearly, that's an advantage. I think from an online perspective, we're positioned to dominate that over time if there is more of a transition on the DIY side to online simply because of the distribution networks that we have and the availability that we can provide for online purchases, which in many cases are going to be pick-up-in-store transactions. And Tom, I don't know if you have any -- you want to add to that or not?
Thomas McFall: No. Sounds good.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great. And what percentage of the market at this point do you think is still not contained in the large chains that could potentially be up for potential acquisition?
Gregory Henslee: When you look at the number of stores that are selling auto parts over the last 15 years, it's been relatively consistent at 32,000 to 34,000 outlets. So when you look at the top chains, we continue to consolidate the market, but we're a little less than 50% of the overall market at this point.
Operator: And the next question in the queue comes from Michael Lasser with UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Atul Maheshwari [ph], filling in for Michael Lasser. Can you provide some color on the comparison to second quarter? I think April has an easier compare versus May and June. Is that right? And if compares are actually getting tougher over the balance of the quarter, what is giving you confidence on the 2% to 5% comp target for the second quarter?
Thomas McFall: Yes. April is our easier compare of the quarter. [Indiscernible] confidence is simply the condition of our industry, the gas price is down, miles driven and then, of course, the trend that we've been on for the past several weeks give us confidence in our ability to comp well throughout the quarter. We don't disclose our monthly comps, of course, but there is an advantage in April from a comparison standpoint as compared to May and June.
Gregory Henslee: What I would add to that is when we look at our guidance for each quarter and for the year, we're looking at a daily sales plan and obviously, April is the easiest compare. So our expectations are at the highest and we continue to do well versus our daily expectations for our 3% to 5% guide for the second quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. And as my follow-up, if we look at your result versus a competitor who recently reported, it does appear that the spread narrowed somewhat this quarter. So do you think you're not gaining as much share as you were in the past? Or can the narrowing of the spread this quarter be explained by other factors such as calendar mix or maybe just recent variance?
Gregory Henslee: I think we're still gaining share. What I would tell you is that some of our competitors don't report in the same periods that we report. So we internally look at our business comparing our sales to their period. And I think that, to some degree, paints a little bit of a different story. I think you also have to look at your stack with some of our competitors who have much easier comparisons to what we have. And then you also have to look at the makeup of their comp store sales and the -- and our competitors who have a substantial amount of job or business and how those comp store sales are calculated and so forth. So I still feel confident that we're gaining market share and over time, we'll -- this all plays out with our yearly comps and we'll see how that does.
Operator: The next question in the queue comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: On that market share question, I guess you got a couple of competitors that seem to be doing relatively better than they were, and you guys are gaining share. Does it seem like that independent network that's just over 50% of the store base is losing share at an accelerating pace?
Gregory Henslee: I don't know if it's an accelerating pace. I know as we look at some of the companies that we've talked about buying and not bought and some of the companies that we have bought, there's definitely some pressure on some of the independent guys as we grow into their markets as some of our primary competitors have improved their ability to be successful on the do-it-for-me side of the business, which is the primary business that most of these independently owned shops. So yes, I think that many of them are under pressure as those of us that have larger have continued to grow and improve the go-to-market strategy.
Bret Jordan: Great. And then I guess, a question on the tax impact. And it really -- it's obviously impactful to DIY. Do you see any evidence that the DIFM business pushed back from tax refunds? Or is that consumer sort of higher socio-economic and could pay for the service anyway?
Gregory Henslee: It was more noticeable on the DIY side. I think that as you said from just a socio-economic standpoint, the do-it-for-me customer typically is not under the same pressure as the DIY customer. Many of which who choose to work on their own cars out of economic necessity as opposed to hobbyists and things like that. So yes, we see more pressure on the DIY side than we do on the do-it-for-me.
Operator: And sir, the next question in the queue comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Just following up on that question. If you think about the impact on DIY customer for the delayed tax refunds in February, how do you come to the conclusion that you don't do all of that delayed spending back in March?
Gregory Henslee: Well, I don't think we'd come to that conclusion. We just look at our daily sales and kind of how we compare to the plan that we had for the year. And the trend that we started on in March has continued to this point in April. But it's hard for us to know exactly what the drivers of our comp store sales results are. We just simply look back at what's happened and say, well, this could have been a factor, that could have been a factor. What I can tell you is that March we finished strong and April has been strong to this point. And based on the daily plan that we have, we feel reasonably confident that we'll be able to beat or exceed our plan for the remainder of the quarter, which is what we're trying to do every day.
Seth Basham: Got it. And as a follow-up, different topic, omni-channel progress. Can you give us an update on things you've done to improve the site experience, average up-to-home times, pick-up [indiscernible] in stores, et cetera?
Gregory Henslee: Tom, do you want to take that?
Thomas McFall: That's an area we continue to focus on. We want to be able to interact with customers in the way they choose to reach out to us. We've got a way from talking about specific initiatives that we're working on. What we would tell you is we continue to enhance the engagement and our website continue to improve the knowledge that we're passing on the customers from a SKU availability look up and delivery time standpoint. Those are the key focuses for us as 2/3 of the business is pick-up-in-store. So people want to find out, do we have the part? If we don't have it -- well, do we have the part? What part do I need? When can I get it? Can I pick it up in the store? So those are the items that we continue to focus on.
Operator: The next question in the queue comes from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc.
Daniel Imbro: Following up on that last question, on the omni-channel, it does seem like some of your peers definitely are also talking about investing more heavily into that channel. So can you talk about just the online competition. Has that changed at all from either the big chains getting more aggressive there or the online-only competitors? How are legacy online-only competitor responding to you guys' investments?
Gregory Henslee: Well, the legacy online competitors, obviously, their -- the thing they have to offer customers is that the price is typically, or in some cases, lower than what a brick-and-mortar price would be. This immediacy of need thing plays in, getting advice when you buy a part plays in. Just simply the helping people solve problems with their cars is really the business that we're in, in many cases. Our biggest opportunity, and the reason we are investing in this as our brick-and-mortar competitors is that so many people today use their phones to research before they make a purchase. And if we can provide our customers information that they might not be able to get from other sources and help them solve problems with their car, gather information about the part they may be buying, understand how to install the part and what tools it takes, those are all very important factors. And the relationships that we have with our customers, which the reason we're investing as much money as we are in this. The threat from pure online competitors, we don't see as being real significant from the perspective that there are so many parts stores in the U.S. and availability is so robust. And many of these products simply have to be bought same day if people want to drive their car that evening or the next day or whatever the case may be. So we feel like we're in a little bit of a protected business when it comes to pure online exposure, although our efforts and our competitors' -- our brick-and-mortar competitors' efforts are to simply be the best when it comes to content and exposing our availability and the information that they need to repair their cars.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. That's extremely helpful. And then, Tom, on the gross margin outlook, I think in your prepared comments, you mentioned that you thought the tailwinds from selling through previously bought inventory would continue into the second quarter. But as we look at the back half and comparisons get more difficult, I understand transportation headwinds could get easier, but how should we think about the cadence of gross margin as we move through the remainder of 2019?
Thomas McFall: We would expect as we saw in the first quarter for our year-over-year growth to be more in the first and second quarters of the year and then to moderate in the third and fourth quarter. Based on that sell-through, we continue to work hard at making sure that we're optimizing our gross margin dollars on a daily basis. But year-over-year, we'd expect to be higher than the midpoint of our range in the second quarter and then moderating to come to our annual guidance.
Operator: The next question in the queue comes from Zack Fadem with Wells Fargo.
Zachary Fadem: On the cost side in the quarter, could you talk through the drivers of the SG&A per store up 3%? And how much of this would you categorize as business as usual versus investment spending or maybe the Bennett acquisition? And then given the 2.5% to 3% guide for the year, how much should we expect that level to moderate as we move into Q2 and the back half?
Gregory Henslee: When we look at our total SG&A spend for the first quarter, we're right on plan. When we talk about the growth level, yes, we decided last year to reinvest large portion of our tax savings into service-related items primarily technology and store payroll. So the first quarter we had an adjustment for some of the benefits that we offer that was a relatively large charge, but we haven't annualized those. What we would tell you is that there was a growth in per-store SG&A would be obviously the highest here in the first quarter moderating in second and third and fourth. That's all dependent on what happens in the -- with unemployment and wage rates, that is the biggest driver of the increase. And as we talked about in relation to inflation, that we're continuing to see inflationary pressures in our SG&A and seen a benefit for that in same SKU inflation.
Zachary Fadem: Got it. That's helpful. And then just bigger picture, can we talk about the importance of national brands for your customers? Just given the competitive dynamics and rising price environment, are there any categories where your customers either Pro or DIY are shifting to your label brands versus national brands? Any thoughts there?
Gregory Henslee: Well, we've always viewed national brands or branded products as being extremely important, especially where there's a product difference. And that has been the case in many of the national brands where the product in the box is simply a better product or has some benefits that a private-label brand might not. What we do is we have multiple private label brands which are established as national brands. Some are brands that previously existed as independently owned brands by a supplier that were national brands and we over time have had the opportunity to acquire those brands and represent those exclusively at O'Reilly as national brands. So our strategy is simply that we want to carry the best products in our stores that provide the best service to our customers and give us the best opportunity to run a profitable business. And sometimes that's a brand -- a national brand that's not owned by us, sometimes it's a private-label brand that will represent as a national brand and sometimes it's a private-label brand that represents a significant cost advantage to our customers and would be an entry-level product that we would carry in our shelves and give them the option to trade up to a better product if they're looking for a better product and what our lower-end private labels might be.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks, Michelle. We just want to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their continued hard work and delivering another solid quarter. And I'd like to thank everyone on the call for joining us today. We look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note, that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to your host, Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Vanessa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our fourth quarter 2018 results and our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2019. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimates, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to O'Reilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman are also present. To begin today's call, I would like to recognize the hard work and commitment of all of our team members throughout 2018. Your commitment to our dual market strategy and the O'Reilly culture values drove a 3.8% comparable store sales growth which was at the top end of our annual guidance range of 2% to 4% which we set at the beginning of the year. Your dedication to exceptional customer service and the expense control yielded a total sales increase of 6.2% over the prior year, and an operating profit of 19% which was also at the top end of our annual guidance range. For the year we generated our 26th consecutive year of comparable sales growth, record revenue and operating income every year since becoming a public company in 1993; and I would like to thank Team O'Reilly for many contributions to support our growth and success in 2018. Now we'll cover our fourth quarter results and key expectations supporting our 2019 guidance. Our comparable sales for the fourth quarter grew 3.3% which is in line with our expectations. From a comp store sales progression standpoint October and November were strong with December being weaker and slightly negative. The December results fell short of our expectations due in part to seasonal business that was put forward into November as we experienced cold weather earlier in the quarter in 2018 than the prior year coupled with a lack of harsh weather in December which we were facing difficult compares from the past two Decembers. We also face stronger than expected headwinds from Christmas and New Year's Eve falling on Monday as opposed to Sunday in 2017. For the quarter, both DIY and professional were contributors to our comparable store sales growth with professional contributing -- continuing to outperform DIY. Average ticket value drove comparable store sales growth due to increasing parts complexity, same SKU inflation of approximately 2%, and a higher mix of hard parts on the DIY side as customers attempt to defer non-critical repairs and maintenance as pricing increases across the economy put pressure on many of our DIY customers wallets. For the full year 2019, we're establishing our comparable store sales guidance at 3% to 5%. We anticipate that the demand drivers for the automotive aftermarket industry will remain solid as miles driven grows at a modest pace supported by continued record high levels of employment with gas prices remaining in a reasonably positive range. We expect a continuation of the trend we have seen for several years where average ticket growth is driven by increasing complexity of parts on your model of your vehicles, and also expect additional topline growth from same SKU inflation similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter. This level of inflation is based on known input cost pressures and does not take into account additional tariffs or other unknown factors. We expect DIY ticket counts to continue to be under pressure as our more economically constrained customers feel the pinch of rising prices across the economy and react by tempting to defer repairs and maintenance when possible. We expect continued solid growth on the professional customer ticket count as we continue to consolidate the market and these end-user consumers tend to be better able to cope with increasing prices. As normal, we expect pricing in the industry to be rational and weather patterns to be average. For the first quarter we're establishing a comparable store sales guidance range of 3% to 5% which is in line with our expectation for the full year. We remain extremely confident in our team's ability to provide industry-leading customer service and gain market share, and are pleased with the solid start to 2019 we have seen thus far in the first quarter. For the fourth quarter and the full year, gross margin as a percent of sales was 53.3% and 52.8% respectively. The fourth quarter gross margin is higher than the full year due to normal seasonality and sales mix related to winter weather. For your gross margin was in line with our guidance throughout the year. For 2019 we're setting our guidance range for gross margin at 52.7% to 53.2% of sales which is a 20 basis point increase from a 2018 guidance range. Assumed in our guidance our continued incremental improvements and supplier agreements, our continued ability to pass along acquisition cost increases to the end consumer, and leverage on our fixed distribution cost of higher selves volumes. These gains will be partially offset by continued pressure from distribution wages and freight costs. Tom will provide more additional gross margin details in his comments. Fourth quarter operating profit as a percent of sales came in at 18.5% and the full year was 19%, both are at the top end of our expectations. On a year-over-year comparison, operating profit declined by 19 basis points as we directed approximately 30% of our tax savings from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts of 2017 back into the business with a focus on our in-store and omnichannel efforts. For 2019, we anticipate our operating profit will be in the range of 18.7% to 19.2% of sales. Jeff will discuss our SG&A expectations in more detail. However, we expect to see leverage on our fixed costs on higher sales offset by a more inflationary cost environment and continued focus on strengthening our in-store customer service and omnichannel experience. For the fourth quarter, earnings per share of $3.72 represented an increase of 5.7% and for the full year 2018 earnings per share of $16.10 was an increase of 27.1%. Excluding the impact of the excess tax benefit from stock options on our tax rate and the revaluation of our deferred tax liability in the fourth quarter of 2017, our quarterly and annual earnings per share increased 34.5% and 35.8% respectively. Tom will provide more information on our tax rate in his prepared comments. For the first quarter of 2019, we are establishing our earnings per share guidance at a range of $3.92 to $4.02. And for the year, our guidance is $17.37 to $17.47. Our quarterly and full-year guidance includes an estimate for the excess tax benefit from stock options and the impact of shares repurchased through this call but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to again acknowledge the outstanding contributions of our entire team. Our track record of 26 consecutive years of record comparable store sales growth, record revenue and operating income is the direct result of your hard work and commitment and I have every confidence we will extend that streak in 2019. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd also like to thank team O'Reilly for delivering another record breaking year. Your commitment to consistent, excellent customer service has always been the strength of our company and will continue to be our strength in the future. At the beginning of the year, we plan to reinvest a portion of our savings from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act back into the business with a target of 70 basis points of additional SG&A spend. We successfully executed on that plan and through solid expense control and better leverage from a solid 6.2% increase in sales, our SG&A only delevered 46 basis points coming in at 33.8% of sales for the year. For the full year, SG&A per store increased 3.4%, which was near the top end of our beginning of the year guidance of 3% to 3.5% of sales and is consistent with what we would expect with comparable sales at the higher end of our guidance range. The increase is primarily attributable to variable expenses and variable compensation at virtually every level of the company, as we structure our pay plans for our team members to run it like they own it. For 2019, we're expecting SG&A to continue to grow at a rate higher than our historical norms of 1.5% to 2%. Looking at our 2019 SG&A spend, we expect to continue to aggressively pursue our in-store in omnichannel goals and anticipate continued pressure to variable costs, especially payroll from the current inflationary environment and record low unemployment rates, which we expect to partially offset by better leverage on our fixed cost. As a result, we are establishing our initial SG&A guidance at a 2.5% to 3% increase per store. For the year, we successfully achieve our goal of opening 200 net new stores. We set our 2019 new store goal to open between 200 and 210 net new stores on our third quarter call. Since that time, we purchased Bennett Auto Supply in South Florida, and because of the additional work it will take to convert those stores, we will end up in the lower portion of the new store opening range, excluding the Bennett stores. For the acquired Bennett stores, our plan is to merge 13 of these stores into existing O'Reilly stores and convert the remaining 20 into O'Reilly stores in the first half of the year. Due to the impact from transitioning business during the merger process, the remaining 20 stores will not enter our comparable store sales base until January of 2020. We expect to incur between $4 million and $5 million related to closing down the 13 stores, the Bennett DC and the offices and these costs are an additional headwind built into our SG&A growth per store assumptions. Our capital expenditures for the year were $504 million, which was squarely in the middle of our beginning of the year CapEx guidance of $490 million to $520 million. For 2019, we have a number of large projects and we expect CapEx to increase to a range of $625 million to $675 million. This is a big step-up from 2018 and would represent our largest CapEx investment in company history. So, I'll provide a little color around the additional projects that are creating the sizable increase. First, we have our two announced an ongoing distribution projects, a new location in Twinsburg, Ohio, just south of Cleveland and an upgrade in Lebanon in Tennessee, just east of Nashville. The new larger Nashville DC will allow us to convert the current Knoxville DC into a super hub and then consolidate both existing Nashville and Knoxville DCs. Our CapEx plan also includes an additional DC projects starting during the year and we'll provide you the details, when we close on that property later in the year. Second, with the conversion of the Bennett stores, we'll have new store CapEx for between 220 and 230 new stores this year. Next, we continue to invest heavily in our omnichannel experience. This includes, but is not limited to, our online functionality, our in-store experience and distribution systems to facilitate multiple delivery options to meet customer's desire. And finally, as both our installed store base and distribution network grow, we're committed to spending the CapEx required to keep these assets operating at peak performance, and investing in new tools and technology to continue to take market share. We have always geared our business model to generate long-term sustainable growth that is solidly profitable. We're very confident our SG&A spend and our capital investments in 2019, will put us in a great position to continue our history of success. However, we're an extremely proactive and detail-oriented company, and should situations change or additional opportunities arise, we will make changes to our investment strategy on a store-by-store, project-by-project basis. As I conclude my comments, I'd like to again thank the entire O'Reilly team for a solid year in 2018. We're well positioned in 2019, to capitalize on the solid macroeconomic factors that underpin our business and we look forward to continuing to -- of strong results in 2019, by rolling up our sleeves and earning our customers' business, we're providing excellent customer service each and every day, all of our stores across the country. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Jeff. Now, we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and our guidance for 2019. For the quarter, sales increased to $124 million, comprised $71 million increase in comp store sales, a $50 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $6 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $3 million decrease from closed stores. For 2019, we expect our total revenues to be between $10 billion and $10.3 billion. Our gross margin was up 41 basis points for the quarter, as we experienced stable merchandise margins and benefited from the LIFO comparison to the prior year. We did not see a LIFO charge during the quarter versus a $3 million charge last year. For the full year, we did not experience a LIFO charge versus a $22 million charge in the prior year. For 2019, we do not anticipate a LIFO charge, as we expect inflation will continue to put upward pressure on aggregate acquisition costs. On a year-over-year basis, we expect gross margins for the first two quarters of the year to see the largest improvement, as we receive a benefit from selling through the on-hand inventory that was purchased prior to the recent tariffs -- tariff-driven acquisition price increases and corresponding retail and wholesale price increases. Our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 23.6% of pre-tax income and was comprised of a base rate of 24%, reduced by a 0.4% benefit from share-based compensation. This compares to the fourth quarter of 2017 rate of 19.8% of pre-tax income, which was comprised of the base tax rate of 37.4%, reduced by a 3.5% benefit for share-based compensation, and a benefit of 14.1% or $53 million related to the initial measurement --remeasurement of our federal deferred tax liability, from a tax rate of 35%, down to the new 21% rate, in accordance with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 21.8% of pre-tax income, comprised of a base rate of 23.9%, reduced by 2.1% for share-based compensation. For the full year of 2019 , we expect an effective tax rate of 23.5%, comprised of a base rate of 24.1%, reduced by a benefit of 0.6% for share based compensation. We expect our base rate to be relatively consistent with the exception of the third quarter, which maybe lower due to the tolling of certain open tax periods. Also variations in the tax benefit from share-based compensation will create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate. Now we move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the year and our expectations for 2019. Free cash flow for 2018 was $1.2 billion, which was a $300 million increase from the prior year. The increase was driven by higher operating profit and lower cash taxes, offset in part by higher capital expenditures and cash interest. In 2019, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion with the year-over-year decrease due to higher CapEx and higher cash taxes, offset by increased operating profit. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $612,000, which was a 2% increase from the end of 2017. The increase was at the top end of our guidance, as cost increases in year-end acquisition of Bennett, push the metric to the top end of the range. That said, our gross inventory levels were well-managed throughout the year, as our ongoing goal is to ensure, we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate. For 2019, we expect per store inventory to grow between 2% and 2.5% with the acquisition cost increases and the fourth quarter opening of the Cleveland DC putting pressure on the growth percentage. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the quarter was 106%, which is where we ended 2017. We were slightly below the anticipated level of 107%, as the acquisition of Bennett and slower December sales pressured the ratio. For 2019, we expect to remain flat at a 106% of inventory. Moving on to debt; We finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.23 times, as compared to our ratio of 2.12 times at the end of 2017. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects the $750 million, 10-year bonds we issued in May and incremental borrowings on our $1.2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. We are below our stated leverage target of 2.5 times and we will approach this number, when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and for 2018, we repurchased 6.1 million shares at an average share price of $282.80, for a total investment of $1.71 billion. Subsequent to the end of the year, through the date of our press release, we repurchased 0.7 million shares at an average price of $341.20. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows of our business. And we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. Finally, before I open up the call to your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to the company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask Vanessa, the operator to turn the line, and we'll be happy to answer your question.
Operator: And thank you. We will now open the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Can you talk a little bit about the regional performance that you saw during the quarter. How does that compare to earlier than -- earlier in the year? And related to that, can you expand upon your quarter-to-date comments? Obviously, a lot of variability around the winter some tough compares, but overall, what are you seeing quarter-to-date, and how would you assess the winter so far compared to sort of history in last year?
Jeff Shaw: Yes, this is Jeff, and I'll take the first half of that and then flip it over to Tom and Greg. As far as regional performance, really our regional performance was in line with our expectations and pretty solid across the majority of the country that the central part of the country was a little bit softer than the rest, really due to just lack of winter weather in a lot of those markets. And also we had a little bit of headwind down south from the post hurricane numbers we compare against.
Gregory Johnson: So Chris, from a from a cadence standpoint, although we don't disclose what our actual comp numbers or trends are on a month-by-month basis, what I would tell you is, we feel good about our three to five guide. We've talked about December being the softest month of the quarter and as we moved into 2019, we've seen a more typical weather pattern. We would view this winter as a more normal winter. We've had ups and downs. We've had spikes along the way in different areas of the country and as normal, where we have those spikes, we have improved sales related to the winter weather spikes. But, overall we feel, we continue to feel good about our three to five guide for the quarter.
Christopher Horvers: And then as my follow-up, can you -- Tom, can you remind us of what the inflation was for in totality for 2018? I think you mentioned 2% in the fourth quarter, what was that over the year and how are you thinking about the overall inflationary environment in 2019? Thanks very much.
Thomas McFall: It ramped up through 2018. No significant numbers in the first and second quarter. So, we ramped up to 1% and 1.5% in the third quarter and 2%. So, I'd say a little above 1% in total. When we look at 2019 and Greg's prepared comments, our expectation is, we're going to see a similar number that we saw in the fourth quarter, which was 2%.
Operator: We have our next question from Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse.
Seth Sigman: I wanted to follow-up on that inflation point. So, the 200 basis points of same SKU inflation that you're expecting in '19. Just to clarify, is that, that's the net impact on comps, or so in other words, are you considering the volume offsets within that as well?
Thomas McFall: So, that would be our expectation for what's going to drive our total inflation number that goes into our average ticket, as we've seen over the last 10 or 15 years of the new model years roll on. They have more expensive parts primarily based on technology that's in those parts and that's been a tailwind to average ticket over the last decade. We think that's going to be augmented by 2% in totality in 2019.
Seth Sigman: And then on the DIY trends, you've talked about that for a couple of quarters now, some level of caution around the DIY business, suggesting that maybe the consumers have been deferring maintenance. Any signs that, that may be starting to normalize? If you give us some more color on what you think is driving that deferral, and what needs to happen for that to change? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Jeff Shaw: Yes, I think a big part of -- we talked last year about fuel prices maybe impacting discretionary spending. This year, we're cautious that inflation may again have an impact on discretionary spending for that lower income DIY customer. That customer would have to make necessary repairs to keep their car running, to get them into work, to the grocery store and what have you. But from a discretionary standpoint, when you get to items like routine maintenance, deferring oil changes, longer extended oil change periods, those things you can push out a little longer, filters things like that and your car still runs fine. You're just not following the manufacturer's recommended schedules for doing that. So, I think the DIY customers that are on the lower end of the wage scale and are more economically challenged, as we said, they're going to have to make those breakage related repairs. But some of those repairs and maintenance things that are somewhat discretionary, they're going to be likely to push those off.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Throughout 2018, you guys have guided to comps 2% to 4%, now you're looking for '19 at 3% to 5%. Given that we still have a fair amount of winter left, which could either end up being favorable or unfavorable versus last year's normal winter, and you mentioned that you think this year is looking fairly normal as well. And what are the other factors that are really driving the outlook for an acceleration and comps?
Gregory Johnson: Yes, a lot of the things we talked about Liz, it's you know, we fuel cost has come down over the past several weeks. And I think the expectation is that fuel prices will continue to be lower this year than prior year and that will be supportive of increasing miles driven. Just we look at the whole industry backdrop, the fact that employment rates are higher, the economies more stable. Those things it just these created an industry backdrop that's more favorable and you add that to Tom's point about average ticket growing because of a combination of parts complexity, the cost of the more technology related parts on newer cars and the inflation tailwind we had. We felt good about three to five guide. One of the things, I would add to that, and it's not really related to the guide, but it sure makes us feel a lot better about, where we are. We had our annual Leadership Conference in Dallas back in mid-January and in that conference, we had about 6900 O'Reilly team members, all of our store managers, district managers, regional managers were there. And we do that every year, but it sure felt different, going into conference this year than it has the past year or two because there was just a lot of excitement, a lot of positive attitudes coming from our store managers when they got there and we really focused that week on, on things like ownership, running the business like you own it. We talked about commitment of running and driving a profitable business. We talked about customer service. And our team is left that conference really motivated and we feel like that they're out there on the streets, driving sales and providing even a higher level of customer service than they may have done last year.
Elizabeth Suzuki: So, in an environment that where the industry is potentially growing kind of mid-single digits, as it usually does like 2% to 3%, or maybe a little bit better. Do you feel like you can continue to gain market share in 2019?
Thomas McFall: Yes, we do. I mean that again to Greg's point, I mean, our philosophy, our business model, our strategic distribution network, I mean, our programs, I mean, we are our teams with a lot of tools, what happens one customer and one store at a time and we're focused on fundamental execution on both the do-it-for-me and the DIY side each and every day in each one of our markets.
Operator: Our next question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: Tom, I wanted to ask you first about the flow through. And so in the past, when you guided you typically allowed sales to what drives the upside, or downside to your forecast. And I want to ask you about 2019, if there's any greater likelihood that margins could surprise, or it's really dictated by where you end up with net sales guidance?
Thomas McFall: As a multi-unit retailer relatively high fixed cost because of the service component of our business, sales will be the key to leveraging operating profit performance to the extent that those sales don't come in as high as we'd like. We have levers to pull. Although we won't do anything in the short term that will impact long-term relationships. And on the upside, we'll continue to -- we'll see leverage, but we want to make sure that if the demand is there, we're providing the level of customer service that builds those long-term relationships.
Simeon Gutman: And then secondly for Greg; I wanted to ask about map or whatever they call eMRP pricing that's out there. We're hearing from more brands that or some even distributors that more brands are going toward this direction, basically controlling price. Curious if you've seen that to sort of what's changing, and I guess did that price discipline being shown across different channels, where we're just not seeing is, I don't know bigger as problematic pricing differences as there could be?
Gregory Johnson: Yes, I mean, one of our -- one of our suppliers half bunch of suppliers for couple of years now has been for them to protect their brand and control their pricing online. And there were a couple of suppliers, a couple of years ago in 2017, that they really pioneered this for the industry and we really had a slow start to get other suppliers to come onboard. So, late 2018, we had two or three major suppliers come onboard and so far in 2019, we've had several additional suppliers to commit. So, whether it's an eMRP pricing program, or a Matt pricing program, or unilateral pricing program, different suppliers have taken different approaches based on recommendations from their legal department or counsel. We are gaining some traction in that respect and I think, we'll see more tighter controls across the industry for online sales going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: On pricing, I guess as you get other brick and mortar shops, are you seeing any increased competition, I guess, anybody rather than passing through some of the inflation holding it, and trying to reduce pricing to get more commercial volume?
Gregory Johnson: Well, I mean that's ongoing. I mean that's happened forever. I mean there's always been suppliers out there, when times get tough, they cut their prices a little, offer rebates, try to buy the business. That's normally a short-term strategy. I mean it's really, probably I've been in the business, it's been a service and relationship business. And you really build the business and keep the business through solid service, availability and then solid relationships, partnering with that shop to help them grow their business. But pricing comes and goes depending on how tough business is.
Bret Jordan: And then I guess within your omnichannel initiatives, you have any sort of data as far as maybe increase of buy online, pickup in store, where the trajectory is there, I mean, obviously you ramp it up?
Jeff Shaw: Overall, it has increased significantly. I will tell you that from a breakout standpoint, ship-to-home, buy online, pickup in store, it fluctuates slightly, Bret. But we're staying right around that two-thirds of our online sales or pickup in store, which is where we want. We want to end up that customer inside our store, we can make sure that we provide the highest level of service and make sure they -- we have everything they knew to complete the job.
Operator: We have our next question from Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser: So, as we think about modeling the course of your year, you're guiding 3 to 5, it sounds like the start of the year it has been good, in part because of inflation, progressively over the course of the year. The inflation repairs are getting it more difficult and you're going to no longer likely see the benefit of some of the tariff related price increases and probably have less visibility into the second half of the year. So, as we model the year should we take a more cautious view on the second half of the year, and along those lines, what happens if it -- how our models be affected if 25% tariff goes through?
Thomas McFall: Okay, Michael, this is Tom. What we would tell you that our comps will be relatively consistent on a quarter-by-quarter basis. On a year-over-year basis, as you pointed out, the first quarter will have the most inflationary benefit. We also have an extra Sunday here in the first quarter, which is a 50 bp headwind. When we look at the rest of the year, it should be relatively consistent, we pickup a Sunday in the third quarter and it was the fourth quarter, the ease going from a weekend to Monday, really were a big headwind for our business and that from a calendar standpoint, will help the fourth quarter. So, we look a pretty consistent comps throughout the quarter.
Michael Lasser: And on the 25% tariff?
Thomas McFall: I'm sorry. And your second question, Michael was --
Michael Lasser: On the 25% tariffs?
Thomas McFall: On the 25% tariffs. Yes, as Greg pointed out, our expectations are, we're going to be in the same state we are now for the year and obviously things have changed a lot. To the extent that we saw those additional tariffs go in March, we'll have to see how the market reacts. But our expectation is that we'll see a larger increase in average ticket, driven by those cost increases. And then offsetting pressure because of those rising prices on ticket count.
Michael Lasser: And if I could ask a follow-up on the SG&A in the investment side, this will be second in a year -- another year where SG&A per store growth is above what it's been historically. Is this a function of maybe the cost of doing business within the auto part retail sector becoming more expensive for whatever reason, more competition becoming more complicated, or is this just a catch-up from maybe some different investment philosophies in the past?
Thomas McFall: Well, I would point you back to our call this year -- last year this time and we talked about a rise in SG&A cost, as people reinvested, part of their savings from the new tax laws and that we would see those costs go up, but we wouldn't see a proportional increase in average ticket from inflation, on the top line. And at that time, we said when we look at next year, if we continue to see cost inflation and the expenses to run the business, we'd expect to feel that tailwind in our top line same SKU inflation and that's what we're seeing this year. Given that unemployment is very low, wages are growing up very quickly, costs are going up, interest rates are going up, we're seeing that inflation run through all our expenses and getting the top-line tailwinds. So, we don't think the business itself has changed, we think that we're just more in an inflationary environment than we've seen in the last five to eight years.
Operator: We have our next question from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Christopher Bottiglieri: One quick follow-up and I got one bigger picture question. So, is there a way to walk us on the 10 point tariff to a 2 price increase. What percentage of SKUs were impacted, product costs, percentage of COGS or were the offsets are, maybe I just want to bridge there?
Thomas McFall: So, all of our products are produced overseas. It's a portion of them and even for some lines, some are here in the States and some are not. We're not going to get into breaking down the individual numbers. We push back on all the price increases we get, whether they're tariff related, interest rate related, healthcare related, raw commodity related, but that ends up being the blended number. And we didn't take full 10% increases on most of our products.
Christopher Bottiglieri: And then a bigger picture question was just from your distribution strategy. You talked about the super hub that you referenced after you consolidated the TDCs. The nomenclature though of our super hub, I think is different, not to be confused with your peers are doing to replace DCs with larger hubs stores. So, it's just like more equivalent to your master DCs or you just walk us through kind of what you're doing there would be helpful.
Jeff Shaw: I mean, we basically have -- our spoke store, and then we have a hub store, that would be in the 45,000 SKU range and then we have super hubs, but we don't have DCs in a large metro market that would be in that 80,000, 90,000 SKU range and then our DCs would obviously have in that 160,000, 170,000 SKU range.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Chris, if I could, could add to that a little bit about why we're making that change. We are facing some pretty significant capacity issues in both Middle Tennessee or Nashville DCs located and our East Tennessee market in Knoxville. And we had to make a move and we decided to consolidate those two facilities into a much larger facility. That will allow DC to have a larger breadth of SKUs for the some of that customer base, but because that market in Knoxville is a market that's had a DC inventory presence for a number of years now, we wanted to supplement that markets for same-day service by converting that DC into a super hub and making sure that we maintain that same day parts availability in the Knoxville market.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Lastly, this is a one-off just specific to that market? Or do you foresee or envision creating more these super hubs throughout the country? Thank you.
Thomas McFall: We've always used to super hub strategy, but in the case of Knoxville, I mean Knoxville was just, it was no mid-stage DC and it just didn't -- it wasn't big enough to have the capacity that we needed to truly service that market.
Gregory Johnson: Jeff, we got 340-ish hub stores and how many super hubs of those super hubs?
Jeff Shaw: 40 give or take.
Gregory Johnson: We've got several on the markets right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. My questions around the gap between DIY and pro-comps. Could you provide some color as to how that trended for each quarter through 2018 and how you're looking at that through 2019?
Thomas McFall: We've spoken to it on each quarter you can find that information. We don't give the actual number. What we would tell you is that, when we look at 2018, we've been pressured on the DIY customer count. Pro has grown each year -- each quarter. Average ticket is up on both and we'd expect that trend to continue in 2019.
Seth Basham: But you don't expect that sales gap to widen between DIY and commercial in 2019?
Thomas McFall: We're anticipating a similar difference with professional business continuing to grow faster based on our ability to consolidate the market, based on that consumer being less impacted by general rising prices and based on other macro factors our business slightly aging population and more expensive repairs that are more technical in nature on late model vehicles being expensive.
Seth Basham: And then secondly, looking at your CapEx budget for 2019, you provide some color on some of the things are driving the increase. Could you give a little bit more granularity, which are the factors DCs, new stores, IT projects, maintenance, are changing the most from 2018 to 2019?
Thomas McFall: Biggest changes are, number one is DCs and DC projects. Number two is in-store technology.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt McClintock with Barclays.
Matthew McClintock: Yes, good morning everyone. In 26 years, it's just amazing. Congrats. I'd like to follow up on Michael's question a little bit maybe parse it out in a different way. Just the in-store and omnichannel investments in 2018 that you're continuing to do in 2019. I know you invest for long-term sustainable growth, but can you give us some sense of when the payback is on those investments are? When we should expect the payback on those investments, whether that be through increased sales, accelerating sales or margin or whatever the payback is? Thanks.
Thomas McFall: What we would tell you is that, most of these changes are just consumer expectations. Consumers shop outside of auto parts that many retailers and their expectation of what great services changes over time. And our job is to continue to make sure that our customer service levels are up there, to maintain our business. It's hard to parse out what that is from a sustaining standpoint versus additional business. It's part of the factors that go into customer service that drive our comps to be higher than the industry growth rates.
Gregory Johnson: Yes, Matt, to add on to that, I'm not going to go into any details about what the initiatives are for competitive reasons. But from an omnichannel perspective, we're primarily focused on improving content, improving online search, improving -- customers buying decisions, whether they buy online, ship to home, buy online pickup in store or research online buy in store, a lot of those transactions and buying decisions are made based on research online. So, we're just focused on making sure that we are providing the highest level of searchability so to speak, for our products, for our customers and we think that's going to pay dividends long-term from a sales perspective. How we quantify that, it's very difficult to do.
Matthew McClintock: All right, I understand that. And thanks for the color. And just on my follow-up, just the seasonal pull forward in November, were there any margin implications for the quarter from that?
Thomas McFall: No, there wouldn't be.
Operator: We have our next question from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: So, I'm curious, in your business plan for 2019, are you expecting any industry trend change based on the car park and tell me how are you thinking about the car park? It's obviously an investor topic, but as company operating in that industry, I'm curious, you know, how you guys thinking about it?
Thomas McFall: As the bubble year go through from the Great Recession, that's part of the reason that two years ago was kind of the biggest headwind for those year vehicles entering our sweet spot and kick that professional business more in 2018. That's part of the reason that it was more of a gap between the DIY and professional. We'd expect that, that will continue to, as that moves through to the older vehicle years that are much higher DIY to continue to, one be a positive on the professional side, because there is not the headwind and it will start to be more of a headwind on the DIY side.
Scot Ciccarelli: And so, are you expecting those trends to become exaggerated in 2019? In other words, aren't there just more vehicles kind of coming into that repairs stage, and have you factored that into your expectations your 3 to 5 comp count?
Thomas McFall: We wouldn't expect it to accelerate because if the pressure is the DIY side of the business that's also the side of the business, it's growing from a longer tail of vehicles and vehicle staying on the road longer. Those 10, 12, 14, 15 year vehicles are primarily DIY side business and that's helping to offset the pressure from those bubble years.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel [ph] with Stephens.
Unidentified Analyst: On the gross margin guidance, you guys mentioned as far as cadence, the expansion to be front-half weighted. And I think you identified freight pressures, as a potential headwind to gross margins? Can you talk about, when you really saw freight pressure step up in 2018? And, is there anything different about those cost pressures that would inhibit you from passing them through in the form of price, like you would any other form of inflation?
Thomas McFall: Well, it seems like we've been on the three year run for freight costs us continue to go up, and that's a population of jobs that is a very, very tight market and that type market is driving increases. When we look at our distribution costs obviously, we deliver nightly at all the stores. So, there is quite a bit of pressure there and we built that into our costs. But we've got to be market competitive. So, to the extent that we're a higher distribution intensive company that's more exposed to this. We're going to have little pressure that we're not able to pass on.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just within that expectation, are you expecting a similar price increase that we saw in 2018 and 2019?
Thomas McFall: 2018 was pretty, pretty high for rate. The incremental year-over-year increase is less, but the number still a higher rate than we experienced in 2018.
Unidentified Analyst: And then from a follow-up, when I think about December, you guys mentioned a few negative impact, the holiday calendar shift, weather a tougher compare. Can you maybe quantify some of those headwinds, as we think about the deceleration from November and December?
Thomas McFall: We can't -- we are not going to quantify them. But in that order of magnitude, number one item in December it's very weather driven, people fix their vehicles, if they have to, otherwise into holiday shopping. So, that's number one. And then number two would be the calendar shifts of the eves.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Gregory Johnson: Thank you, Vanessa. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for our solid fourth quarter and full year 2018 results. We look forward to a strong year in 2019. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2019 first quarter results in April. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Matthew McClintock - Barclays Capital, Inc. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Zachary Fadem - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Inc. Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Zenaira, and I'll be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you, Zenaira. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our third quarter 2018 results and our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year of 2018. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimates, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman are also present. It's my pleasure to begin our call today by congratulating team O'Reilly on a strong third quarter and a solid first nine months of 2018. The sales momentum we experienced in the first half of 2018 continued through the third quarter, and drove our comparable store sales increase of 3.9%, which was at the top-end of our guidance range. As a reminder, we faced a headwind in the third quarter from an additional Sunday as compared to 2017, which had a negative impact of approximately 50 basis points since Sunday is our lowest volume day of the week. We're also pleased with our team's ability to generate year-to-date comparable store sales growth of 4% through their unwavering commitment to providing excellent customer service. Our sales growth combined with our team's relentless focus on profitable sales and expense management generated a 5% increase in operating profit dollars as compared to the third quarter of 2017, and an operating margin of 19.5%. In addition to our solid growth in sales and operating profit, we were also the beneficiaries of a substantially lower tax rate than expected, which Tom will cover in his prepared comments. This combination of operating performance along with our ongoing share buyback program drove an increase in the third quarter earnings per share of 40% to $4.50 per share, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $4.30 and is a testament to our team's efforts to provide unsurpassed customer service. Now, I'd like to provide some additional color on our third quarter comparable store sales results. The composition of sales in the third quarter was very similar to the second quarter, and really the full year of 2018 as we have seen a very consistent and stable trend throughout the year. Both our professional and DIY sides of the business were positive contributors to our comparable store sales growth with professional performing at a stronger level as we saw strong ticket count growth on that side of the business again in the third quarter with the only sequential difference versus the second quarter resulting from the headwind of the additional Sunday. DIY ticket counts continue to see pressure as customers on that side of the business are more sensitive to increased gas prices and inflation, and are more likely to defer maintenance or repairs in the short-term, particularly for lower income DIY'ers. Average ticket continues to be a strong contributor to our comparable store sales increase on both sides of our business, driven by the increasing complexity of vehicle repairs, a favorable overall business mix and continued effective pricing management. Similar to the past two quarters, we benefited from some modest commodity-driven inflation on same SKU pricing in the quarter. We'll begin to see same SKU inflation accelerate as our industry passes through cost increases for the parts subject to the latest tariff, which went into effect on September 24, although, we are working with our suppliers to minimize and delay this impact. Moving on to the cadence of our comparable store sales growth in the quarter, our monthly results after adjusting for the impact of the extra Sunday in September were consistently solid throughout the quarter as we began the quarter with continued steady demand in our typical summer selling season, and saw the rest of the quarter play out within our expectations. On a category basis, we saw strong performance throughout the quarter on weather-related categories such as batteries and air conditioning as a result of the hot summer weather. We also continue to see solid performance in key hard parts categories such as brakes and ride control in line with our expectations of typical maintenance and failure-related demand following a normal winter. As you can tell from our comments thus far, our sales trends have been very steady in the year, including a solid trend thus far in October, which is consistent with what we would expect from a normal weather cycle for our business, and also reflects the core underlying strength of the automotive aftermarket. From a macroeconomic perspective, we continue to have a favorable outlook for the long-term demand drivers of our business as employment remains stable and average vehicle age continues to increase. However, as we look to finish out 2018, we remain cautious on the short-term impact to miles driven from pressure to consumers as they respond to higher gas prices and economic uncertainty from rising prices and the impacts of tariffs, which could lead to incremental pressure to ticket counts from the short-term deferral by lower-income DIY customers. Our business can also be more variable in the fourth quarter based on the holiday season and weather volatility, and we face difficult comparisons at the end of our quarter as the last two Decembers have benefited from favorable winter weather. As a result of these factors, we are maintaining our fourth quarter guidance at 2% to 4%. While we do benefit from one fewer Sunday in the fourth quarter 2018 versus 2017, the impact is offset by the timing of both Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve holidays which fall on Mondays instead of Sundays this year, which will result in a lower professional sales volume as many shops run limited hours on those holidays versus a typical Monday. Based on our year-to-date results and fourth quarter guidance, we are raising the lower-end of our full-year comparable store sales guidance from range of 2% to 4% to a range of 3% to 4%. For the quarter, our gross margin of 53% was a 42 basis point improvement over the third quarter of 2017 margin at the top-end of our guidance expectations built into our full-year gross margin guidance. After seasonal mix pressures in the second quarter, mix was more favorable to our gross margin in the third quarter. And we benefited from a lower LIFO impact, which Tom will discuss in more detail. We continue to work with our suppliers to make incremental improvements in acquisition costs, but are also seeing modest inflation driven by commodity increases. However, we are pleased to see continued rational pricing within our industry to pass along those increases. We're beginning to see the early stages regarding the impact of tariffs, but expect to react to those cost increases in the same manner as any other source of inflation. And remain confident in our industry's ability to pass through inflationary price increases. We're leaving our full-year gross margin guidance unchanged at 52.5% to 53%. But based on our third quarter results, we no longer expect to come in at the bottom half of that range. We also continue to expect our full-year operating profit for 2018 to be within our previously guided range of 18.5% to 19% of sales. For earnings per share, we are establishing our fourth quarter guidance at $3.60 to $3.70, which at the midpoint would represent a 4% increase over EPS of $3.52 in the fourth quarter of last year, which included a $0.62 benefit related to adjusting our deferred tax liabilities in conjunction with the tax law change. Excluding that benefit, our guidance midpoint would represent a 26% increase in the fourth quarter EPS. We are also updating our full-year EPS guidance to $15.95 to $16.05, reflecting our third quarter performance and the shares we have purchased through the call today. I would remind everyone that our full-year guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to again thank our team of over 80,000 dedicated team members for their solid performance thus far in 2018. And I'm confident our team will finish up the year strong. We remain very confident in the long-term drivers for demand in our industry. And we believe we are all very well-positioned to capitalize on the demand by consistently providing industry-leading customer service to our customers every day. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Greg, and good morning everyone. I'd like to add my congratulations to team O'Reilly on a solid third quarter and thank our team for their continued commitment to providing top-notch customer service. As Greg previously discussed, our sales trends in 2018 have been solid and very consistent, which reflects the unrelenting focus on customer service demonstrated by our teams every day in each one of our markets. I'd like to begin today by talking about some exciting distribution center expansion news. When you truly focus on what excellent service really means for our customers, it's impossible to underestimate the importance of parts availability. Our ability to provide top-notch customer service in our stores is dependent on the work our distribution center teams do to get those hard-to-find parts in our stores faster than our competitors. Our long-term investment in our robust regional DC network is a key competitive advantage for us. And we're pleased to announce two new DC projects, which will further strengthen our industry-leading position. First, we're pleased to announce we've acquired property in Twinsburg, Ohio, where we have begun to build our 28th distribution center. Twinsburg is located in the Greater Cleveland area in Northern Ohio, approximately halfway between Cleveland and Akron. As we've discussed often in the past, our greenfield expansion strategy has been to enter new markets contiguous to our existing footprint, as we build toward a critical mass of stores to leverage a new DC in an expansion region. We followed that familiar game plan over the last several years, as we've opened stores further East into Ohio, West Virginia, and Western Pennsylvania, supported by our DCs in Indianapolis and Detroit. We've now reached the point where additional DC capacity is necessary to support continued store growth in this region of the country, while also freeing up capacity in our existing distribution centers to allow us to take advantage of opportunities to backfill stores in existing markets. The Twinsburg DC is a ground-up facility we plan to open in the fourth quarter of 2019 with the capacity to service approximately 275 stores out of a projected 405,000 square feet. In addition to adding overall capacity, the placement of this DC allows us to further leverage this investment by providing multiple same-day service to the approximately 130 stores in the important Northern Ohio market. The second distribution project we're announcing today is our purchase of an existing facility in Lebanon, Tennessee, which is an eastern suburb of Nashville, and our plan to relocate our existing leased facility in Nashville and begin service out of this new DC in the first half of 2020. The new DC will be approximately 410,000 square feet and will have the capacity to service 300 stores. Nashville and its surrounding markets have been very strong growing markets for us. And the additional capacity in our new Nashville DC will allow us to take advantage of continued profitable growth in the region, and accommodate a broader SKU capacity to provide even better breadth of hard-to-find parts to our store teams in this market. Before I move on from our discussion of these upcoming DC projects, I just want to express the confidence I have in our distribution operations teams, who have proven time and again their effectiveness in planning, building, and seamlessly opening new distribution centers, often successfully executing multiple DC projects at the same time. With the dedication and support of this team, we're confident these projects will roll out with the same degree of efficiency that our past projects have delivered. Now, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our SG&A results for the quarter. SG&A as a percent of sales was 33.5%, deleverage of 62 basis points from 2017. On an average per store basis, our SG&A grew 3.7%, which was at the high end of our expectations, as we continue to see pressure to wages and variable compensation as well as headwind and fuel expenses, driven by increased gas prices and delivery miles driven. On a year-over-year basis, the deleverage resulting from higher than normal per store SG&A growth has been the result of our plan to allocate a portion of the savings from the new tax law to incremental operating expense dollars in 2018 to further enhance our best-in-class customer service. As we are now well into 2018, we feel these additional investments have been prudent, and we're very confident that our commitment to taking care of the customer by ensuring that we're hiring, training, and retaining the very best professional parts people in the industry will drive continued strong performance. We remain on the same path to finish up 2018 in the fourth quarter, and continue to expect full year growth in SG&A per store of 3% to 3.5%. Finally, before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to finish with some comments about our store expansion thus far in 2018, and our plans for the remainder of the year and for 2019. We've successfully opened 171 net new stores in the first nine months, and are on target to hit our goal of 200 net new stores in 2018. As Greg announced in our press release yesterday, we've also set a new store growth target range of 200 to 210 net new stores for 2019. Our store openings in 2018 have been spread across 33 different states, and we continue to be pleased with our opportunities to identify great locations and open with great store teams to profitably grow our business in markets across the country. Our 2019 store growth will follow a similar strategy to the past few years with a balance between our expansion markets in Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania, the Mid-Atlantic and the Northeast, and backfill in existing more mature markets. As I mentioned earlier, our store expansion would not be successful without the amazing support of our distribution teams, and I'm confident, we will continue to equip our new store teams with the tools they need to provide outstanding customer service, including the best parts availability in the industry. As I close my comments, I want to thank all of team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our company's success. We've had a solid year so far, and we're in a great position to finish the year strong by out-hustling and out-servicing our competitors, and I'm confident in our team's ability to do just that. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to thank all of team O'Reilly for their continued commitment to the outstanding customer service, which drove our solid performance in the third quarter. Now, I will take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the last quarter of 2018. For the quarter, sales increased $143 million comprised of a $90 million increase in comp store sales, a $57 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $3 million decrease in non-comp non-store sales, and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2018, we continue to expect our total revenues to be $9.4 billion to $9.6 billion. Our gross margin was up 42 basis points for the quarter as we continue to experience stable merchandise margins and benefited from the LIFO comparison to the prior year. We did not see a LIFO charge during the quarter versus a $3 million charge last year, and for the remainder of the year, we do not expect to have a LIFO charge as a result of our expectation of the impact of tariff-driven cost increases. Tariffs have had a minimal impact to our comps and gross margin thus far in 2018, but the list of parts subject to the 10% tariff is more extensive. However, we continue to expect to pass along cost increases from tariffs to our customers. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 had a dramatic impact on our third quarter earnings, and will continue to have a significant positive impact on our tax rate on a go-forward basis. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 19.6% of pre-tax income, including the benefit from tax deductions per share based composition which reduced our tax rate by 3%. Excluding the tax benefit from share-based compensation, our effective tax rate of 22.6% was better than our expectations as we continue to refine our estimates of the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on our ongoing tax rate. Also as a reminder, the third quarter rate is typically lower than the remainder of the year, due to the tolling of certain open tax periods. We now expect full-year tax rate to be 21% to 22% of pre-tax income. Please keep in mind, changes in the tax benefit from share-based compensation will create fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate as we've seen in the first three quarters of 2018. Now, we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our year-to-date results and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2018. Free cash flow through the first three quarters was $959 million, which was a $254 million increase over the prior year, driven by higher pre-tax income, lower cash taxes and a higher reduction in our net inventory investment. For the full year, we're maintaining our free cash flow guidance in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $605,000, which was up 1% from the beginning of the year, and from this time last year. We continue to expect to grow per-store inventory in the range of 1% to 2% this year as our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the quarter was 108%. We expect our AP to inventory ratio to moderate slightly during the fourth quarter as a result of seasonality, but we expect to finish the year at approximately 107%. Finally capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2018 were $350 million, which is on par from the same period of 2017, and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx to come in between $490 million and $520 million for the year. Moving on to debt; we finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.15 times as compared to our ratio of 2.12 times at the end of 2017. The increase in our leverage reflects our May bond issuance and borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. We are below our stated leverage target of 2.5 times, and we'll approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and year-to-date we've repurchased 4.9 million shares at an average per share price of $269.52 for a total investment of $1.3 billion. We remain very confident that the average purchase price is supported by the expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means for returning available cash to our shareholders. Before I open up our call to answer your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to our company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask, Zenaira, the operator to turn the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you so much, and good morning. My first question relates to gas prices. So you cited gas prices and miles driven as a risk last quarter. You nonetheless came in towards the high-end of your same-store sales guided range. Any thoughts as to how this is playing out in terms of consumers' mindset, and anything you can see in the traffic in stores or the kinds of categories that are ebbing and flowing that would suggest that the increases in gas prices over the past several months have had any impact on the business?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure, Matt. I'd be happy to answer that. We really have the same concern going into the fourth quarter that we had going into the third quarter, and that is that  with fuel prices rising, the impact is most likely on the lower-income DIY customers. And this quarter and third quarter and even earlier in the year, the professional side of our business has outperformed the cash side of our business. And I don't know if there's any specific evidence in the third quarter to substantiate that, but it is an ongoing concern. As fuel prices continue to increase or stay at a high level for a longer period of time, there's a better chance that it will impact the spending habits of our cash-strapped DIY customers specifically within deferring regular maintenance, and maybe postponing repairs where they can.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. And then, as a quick follow up, I know that the car park evolution really plays out over period of years, but presumably you have insights based on what you're selling as to whether we've seen a bottoming in the supply of vehicles best suited to your mix. Any sign  if you think not necessarily Q3 versus Q2, but this past quarter, in the past couple of quarters versus the few that preceded it as to whether the drag that the whole industry has experienced from car park, vintage might be bottoming, if not turning?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure. If you look back at 2017, as we've said, there were several things that impacted sales in 2017, one of which we felt was the impact of the SAAR bubble and the car park. We have seen evidence this year as we've reported that the professional side of our business is improving. And that's where we expected to see the first improvements was on that side of our business, as those cars that are coming out of the warranty cycle are more likely to go back to the shops to be repaired at that time. So the improvement in the professional side of our business is evidence that we are trending out of that bubble.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you so much for that, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, thanks. Two margin questions. One, when you adjust for the LIFO numbers that you give, it looks like your gross margins excluding LIFO were up this quarter. And that looks like an inflection point versus the last four or five quarters. So is that all just mix? Or are you taking prices? Or is there something else to explain that inflection point?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, when we see inflationary prices, our industry has historically been able to pass those on. So we remain competitive on our pricing. What we would tell you is that the improvement year-over-year is primarily mix driven for the third quarter.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then as a follow up to the margin question, as we look ahead to next year, can you provide any early insight into how we might think about gross margin and operating margin for 2019? After I think this year will be  2018 will be the second year in a row of declines. Any insight into whether this year will be the trough? Or how we should think about next year?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, there's a lot of activity that's going to occur between now and the end of the year. And there's another round of tariffs that potentially could go into effect in January. So before giving guidance  we'll give our guidance on the fourth quarter call  there's some things that have to transpire for us to better be able to put numbers around that.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So the tariff outlook will have an impact you think to that outlook?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I think it will have an impact on what we see our average ticket doing, our comps doing and also our expenses.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over to someone else.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, guys.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. So we know that SG&A growth is exaggerated this year because of a bunch of the labor investments. Obviously, you highlighted that almost a year ago at this point. But if we kind of think about past 2018, what are your expectations for SG&A per store growth? Is it something similar to what we've seen this year, just given the incredibly tight labor environment? Or do we get something back to a similar cadence as we saw in, let's call it, 2017, 2016, et cetera?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Again, we'll give our 2019 outlook on our next call. As we talked about within this year, and in relation to SG&A, we saw a step function increase in our SG&A, as we proactively looked at primarily our IT spend and our store payroll and raised those without the expectation of significant inflation in our selling price. On a go-forward basis, we would expect SG&A pressure to be reflected also in the goods that we sell as is typical in retail.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt McClintock from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew McClintock - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, yes. Good morning, everyone. I understand the conservatism that you're putting in your guidance from rising gas prices, and that makes sense. But how should I think about that lower income consumer and the impact of rising gas prices at the same time that the unemployment rate's at an all-time low and wage pressure that you're experiencing and the rest of the retail industry is experiencing and everyone's experiencing should actually increase their purchasing power?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Tom, do you want to take that one?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. Gas price is one of the factors that will impact their discretionary income and their ability to fund their life. And when those costs go up, gas prices and expected impact of tariffs in average pricing of auto parts, they have historically attempted to defer maintenance. And we would expect that there's a potential that they will take a look at those inflationary price increases and stretch out their intervals of repair or delay repairs as long as they can. So that's what we've seen in the past. We will see how they react to these inflationary pressures as  because it'll be also a computation of what happens to their wages.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: And, Matt, to add to that, there were other components too that impacted our guide other than just the inflation component and gas prices. As we discussed, December is a volatile month from us, and it's really dependent a lot on weather patterns. And the past two Decembers have come with very cold weather, which has driven strong sales, and we're very hopeful for a cold wet winter, a cold wet December, early winter again this year. Also we talked about the impact of the holidays. We talked about New Year's Eve and Christmas Eve following on a Monday this year as opposed to a weekend last year, and that will result in some of our professional customers likely either being open shorter hours on a weekday, which are typically higher volume days or being closed altogether on those holidays. So there are several factors that impacted our fourth quarter guidance over and above just the rising fuel prices and inflation.
Matthew McClintock - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect, thanks for the color. Appreciate it.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks a lot, and good morning. My question is also around inflation, specifically thinking about the potential for tariff rates going to 25% in 2019. And you're saying your confidence in your ability to pass along cost increases related to inflation whether it'd be tariff related or otherwise, but there's also potential as you called out for demand disruption? In this instance, with such a large potential inflation ahead of us, would you consider not fully passing along some of those cost increases you face to keep the impact on demand to a minimum?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Seth, we have had very good success as you pointed out passing along what we've seen thus far. And thus far this last round in September hit a lot more of our product categories than the first two rounds. The first two rounds were more or so related to components and the third round in September was more related to finished goods. What I would tell you is that, we pushed back on our suppliers both from a  the amount of tariff they're passing along to us and the timing of what they're passing through. And we didn't experience a full 10% and we don't expect to experience a full 25% should that go into effect after the first of the year. But our plan is to try to push all that through.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And my follow up question is thinking about some of the strategic implications of one of your large competitors, Advance Auto forming a strategic partnership with Walmart. Would you guys ever consider forming a strategic partnership with any online marketplace and what are your thoughts as it relates to that idea?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, the concept of us partnering with an e-commerce company or a larger retailer is not something that we've considered. The Advance-Walmart deal is still relatively new and frankly we probably know as much or less about that than you guys do. All we know is what we've read. But today we have really not even considered partnering with anyone outside of our own company and our own channels to sell auto parts. We are very focused on our omnichannel initiatives and e-commerce initiatives to make inventory more readily available to consumers over whichever channels that they decide to buy auto parts. But we've had no discussions about going outside of our company to sell parts on the Internet.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Fair enough. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Nice quarter.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Brian.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Bigger picture question, as you'd commented in your prepared remarks, sales so far in this year have been much better and they're much steadier. So clearly a nice rebound from what was occurring several quarters ago. But as you look at the data, and you've mentioned too that, I think, the overall environment is getting better with the car park or other factors. But as you look at these larger more macro external factors are sales now tracking with where they should be given those factors?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Brian, yes. The short answer is, yes. We always want those numbers to be higher. We're never, never pleased with our sales and we also always want to deliver higher sales than what we did the previous quarter. It's what we strive to do every year. But this  we're tracking on plan this year. We're performing where we felt like we will perform throughout both the third quarter and the year-to-date, so we're relatively pleased.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then my second question is somewhat of a follow up to Seth's question from a second ago. But with regard to tariffs, and clearly you and your industry have had a very good history of passing along higher costs. But is there the potential now with increased price transparency out there, that that could limit to some extent your ability to pass along these costs? And have you looked at that and considered that factor as we think about these potential tariffs?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Tom, do you want to take that one?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: When you look at the base cost of the products we sell, no matter what outlet that are going through, those tariffs are going to hit those products the same amount. So, there's disparity between what you can buy a part online or you can buy a part in the store for. And there's also a tremendous amount of service that comes with the immediacy of need, our professional parts people, ability to test parts. Some parts will change out for you. Ability to return something that didn't work ability to pick up the same day something you didn't have. And there's a tremendous value in that. So the fact that tariffs raise the price of all the goods sold, to us we look at what's that price differentiation, and what's the value. But we also have to remember that, most of the pricing comparisons that we see out there are in branded parts which are really not the DIY parts. Those are primarily professional parts. And there is an entry-level private label product in virtually every category that's a much more economical fix, it meets all these specs but much more economical fix for our DIY customers.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Got it. Appreciate all the color, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Very good quarter, but I had just one metric I wanted to focus on a little bit. Your new store productivity metric as measured by the difference between revenue and comps divided by square footage seemed to fall off a little bit. I know, the non-store decline was probably a piece of that, and perhaps maybe slower DIY growth, was there any timing in store count or anything else you can kind of call out that would have impacted the ramp up from new stores?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I would tell you that you should look at the numbers from my script, and they'll be in the Q on what non-store, non-comp where that was the big driver, it had to do with just the timing of year end, and how we do our new sales return reserves. But we are pleased with our new store performance. They continue to achieve and surpass our expectations. So, we're going to continue to move forward as Jeff talked about, we're going to go to a range of 200 to 210 new stores next year, and again it's that accounting noise that's creating issues in your calculation.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. And then, 6,000  I think you've historically said 6,000 was the right store potential and 6,500 if there's consolidation. Is that still the way you're thinking about kind of the long-term store potential when you think about your business?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: It is at this point, yes.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Okay. Thank you for the time, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Based on what you know now, and all else being equal if you pass through the tariff, slight increases you're getting into next year what do you think the inflation contribution to your business based on a like number of units would be?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Again, we have another round of tariffs that may or may not come into effect. We also  most of our suppliers have onshore inventory, so we haven't seen all the pricing effects of the tariffs that we're going to see. We're also actively working to mitigate those. So making comments on next year's inflationary pressures at this point would be premature. So, we will update everyone within our guidance which  detailed guidance  probably the most detailed guidance in the industry and give quarterly number. So, we will provide all of that information on our fourth quarter call.
Michael Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: And Tom, could you give us the contribution from inflation in the third quarter and was there any impact from the tariffs as of yet?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I've touched on that in my prepared comments; the inflation this year has been around 1% pretty consistent per quarter. The tariff impact has been very minimal year-to-date, minimal in the third quarter. They've been primarily commodity-based, and we will see how it plays out in the fourth quarter, but expectation is that we will see more inflation.
Michael Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: And my follow-up question is, if we look at the spread between O'Reilly's comp, GPC's comp, the retail sales data from the Census Bureau, spread narrowed a bit this quarter now. So it's the timing of when the Sunday fell, but can you give us a sense for why your share gains might be decelerating a little bit?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Jeff, you want to take that one?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I mean we're pretty pleased with our quarter. I mean, we guided 2% to 4%, and we came in at a 3.9%. So as Greg said earlier, we can always do better and we're always focused on doing better, but we're pretty happy with the results of the quarter. As far as what's going on in the field, I mean, we don't really see or hear anything on the Street that would indicate that we're losing any share. The business is  as we spoke to in the past is a highly-fragmented business, especially on the DIFM side with 37,000 part stores out there, and there's really no underserved market. We have a tremendous amount of respect for all our competitors. And really we focus on our business model and that's really doing the best we can on the retail and the professional side of our business in each one of our stores all across the country every day.
Michael Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you very much, and good luck with the fourth quarter.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Following up on the gross margin, how do you expect the mix to play out in the fourth quarter? Do you expect that mix benefit to continue? And then on the current price increases, is there any near-term potential benefit to capture some merchandise margin benefit on your existing inventory cost as you pass along price increases, perhaps ahead of that next order?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Tom, you want to take?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. On the gross margin, we always plan for normal. So we would expect to have normal fourth quarter gross margins. On the price increases and capturing additional margin, it will depend on the cadence of prices that go out. What I would tell you is, because there's so many price increases, we are working very hard with our suppliers to try to defer these price increases. So we're actually paying them either through the inventory that we have or through the inventory that our suppliers have onshore. So I don't think there's a huge opportunity to raise prices in advance, and don't think that, that's our best approach.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. And then just thinking longer-term about passing through price increases, is a price increase such that you expect to be able to maintain the merchandise margin rate? Or is the expectation that you get the inflation in the top line and that drives better leverage on the fixed costs and gross margin, and that allows you to maintain or potentially expand gross margin?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: When we look at the straight math, our goal is always to maintain our gross margin percentage, because we also have expenses that have the same inflationary impact on them.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. Thanks very much.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Could you talk about regional performance dispersion, strong markets versus weaker markets?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure. Jeff, do you want to take that?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, I mean, really it was about what you'd expect coming off a more normalized winter and a better summer across most markets. It was fairly consistent across the country. A couple of markets I would call out is the North and the Northeast had a very solid quarter. And the only other comment I would make would be that our Western markets maybe weren't quite as strong as the rest of the company. But that really is due to tougher compares from last year, and they really had a milder summer than normal out West. That didn't help either.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. And then a follow-up, when you think about the environment with tariffs and the big players making more omni-channel push, does the M&A environment potentially get more active? I mean, as some of those smaller players might have a harder time just competing in this environment, do you see either more interested sellers? How you'll think about the next 12 months?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: The players that are still out there that we would be interested in are good operations that have weathered a lot of storms and have good management teams and are well-capitalized. When we look at those opportunities, what we've seen over the last two or three years is, as everyone knows, an opportunistic acquirer and consolidator have had success in that realm. But we need a motivated seller. And these companies that are out there, we're still looking at are good companies. And it's more a timing thing for them than the economic environment.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. Bret, I would add to that, every year we'll buy a few one-, two-store operations. And this year has really been  the cadence of this year's acquisition is really no different than we've seen the past few years. So I wouldn't attribute any change to tariffs or inflation.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kate McShane from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask a question around the new DCs. Could you remind us what happens to the surrounding stores when you open up a new DC? Do they get a comp lift of any kind? And what happens with the DC capacity currently used for the nearby stores?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, historically, I mean the stores that are serviced out of a hub store that do have a new DC open in their market, they've got a much greater SKU offering. They move from somewhere in the neighborhood of 60,000 to 70,000 SKUs up to 150,000, 160,000 SKUs. So they just have much more availability readily in the market. And historically, we have seen a little bit of a comp lift in those markets.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, you're going to  Kate, to add to that, what you're going to see as we move into an expansion market is the stores within a reasonable distance from the DCs will have same-day, multiple times a day access to that DC inventory. And to really add to what Jeff said from a hub store perspective, not much difference on the outside stores. They're receiving  that are outside that perimeter, they're receiving inventory from a different DC. That doesn't really impact them. The real benefit is to the stores that are within a city counter service area of the DC.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great. And if I could ask just another comp lift market share question. In the press release and in your commentary you mentioned, you're opening another 200 to 210 stores based on your confidence, (50:07) increased market share. Is there something different that you're seeing in the market for these new stores that you're opening versus what you've done in the past with store openings?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: As Jeff said in his prepared comment, we don't go into any underserved market. So every market is competitive. We continue to have a lot of confidence in our business model and how we execute and our ability to take share in any market we go into. But we would tell you that it's been pretty consistent for a number of years, the competitiveness of each market. The one thing I would tell you is that, when we look at the Northeast as we saw on the West Coast is that development time to get stores open take longer.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Zachary Fadem - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. Could you speak to the impact of weather and Hurricane Florence in the quarter compared to Harvey last year, particularly on the DIY side? And do you foresee any notable impacts of Hurricane Michael and the flooding in Texas to play out in your business in Q4 and ahead?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: As far as Florence, we had roughly 100 stores that were closed during the event mainly due to mandatory evacuations. So there's no doubt that it cost us some business. Our goal in any natural disaster is to get back in the store as quick as we possibly can, ensure our team member's safety and they get back in the stores. Even though, it might be a skeleton crew at least get the doors open to be there for our customers. So we try to open back in the markets as quick as anybody to provide the post-hurricane supplies that the customers desperately need. I mean, there's a tremendous amount of goodwill created when your doors are open and you've got a family that's without power  potentially without power for days or weeks, and we can supply a generator where they can keep their food from spoiling or have some lights on. So anything that we would lose in the pre-hurricane, there's always some tailwind after the event, but it normally  as we've seen in the ones last year was somewhat of a push.
Zachary Fadem - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. And on the SG&A line in the quarter, I just want to confirm that the step change is primarily wages, and some IT investments. And for Q4 is it fair to expect that the SG&A per store will come back to that 3% to 3.5% range that you've spoken about for the year?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: That would be a fair estimate. And the components will be the same. We have some additional pressure on some other lines that put us above 3.5% in the third quarter.
Zachary Fadem - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Appreciate the time, guys. Thanks so much.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, everyone. Simeon, good quarter. Follow up on the Do It for Me business. You mentioned, ticket positive, I missed it, if you talked about traffic, how traffic is trending or I guess transaction counts in Do It for Me?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes. So on the DIFM side of the business both were positive.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And is that rate  has that rate changed a bit during the year? Is it accelerating as you said  to sort of support the comments that we're getting past that bubble?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: It's remained pretty solid.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just thinking about demand for next year, looking at those sweet spot, I don't know if there's a nuance, but how do you look at it between 6 to 11-year-old vehicles, 6 to 12 do you look at vehicles-only or do you include light trucks? And I'm asking because if you kind of run the waterfall it does produce all healthy, but different magnitudes of outcomes, so if there's one version that you align more than another?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, we talked about last year that the bubble was a pressure to us especially on the professional side of the business, because it was the weight of the tailwind of more vehicles was being offset in the professional side by that bubble. And that bubble worked through over time. But we felt like 2018 would  that headwind, we faced had abated. We would expect as those years to go through that we'll see some pressure, it will end up more in the DIY side. We see relief on the professional side this year. But we'd expect it on a go-forward basis to start to not have that headwind, have a little bit of a tailwind. As far as the years as you said there's many ways to look at it. We tend to look at 5 to 15-year-old cars and light trucks.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We have now reached our allotted time for questions. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you, Zenaira. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for continued hard work and delivering another solid quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2018 full year results in February. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.
Analysts: Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Elizabeth L. Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 30 minute question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And now I will turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our second quarter 2018 results and our outlook for the third quarter and full year 2018. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimates, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Johnson.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are Jeff Shaw, our Chief Operating Officer and Co-President; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Henslee, our Executive Vice Chairman are also present. It's my pleasure to begin the call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on a strong second quarter and a solid first half of 2018. Our team's proven ability to provide superior service and a great value drove our second quarter comparable store sales increase of 4.6%, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range. As we discussed in our first quarter call, the second quarter got off to a difficult start, as many of our markets experienced continued winter like weather. But for the balance of the quarter, we benefited for more normal weather patterns as spring arrived and demand picked up at the end of April. Our team of over 79,000 dedicated team members stepped up to the challenge by providing outstanding customer service and driving our strong sales results in the quarter. Our team remains committed to driving profitable sales growth with an unrelenting focus on taking care of our customers and we are pleased to have driven an increase in the second quarter operating profit of 6.8% as compared to the second quarter of 2017 excluding last year's SG&A benefit from a legal reserve adjustment, which Jeff will touch on in a moment. Our sales and operating profit performance coupled with the continued benefit to net income from tax reform drove an increase in earnings per share of 38% to $4.28 per share, which also exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $4.05 and is a testament to the unwavering commitment of Team O'Reilly to controlling expenses and providing the best customer experience in the automotive aftermarket. Now, I'd like to provide some additional color on our second quarter comparable store sales results. We experienced weather driven headwinds at the beginning of April as the unseasonably cold and wet winter in many of our markets pressured ticket counts specifically on the DIY side of our business. With the onset of spring beginning at the end of April, our comp trends improved and although April was the softest month of the quarter, it did contribute to our quarterly same-store sales growth. Our teams did an excellent job, capitalizing on the pent up demand and delivered our best performance of the quarter in May. As we move to the typical summer selling season in June, the hot weather in many of our markets was a contributor to the steady demand and we have continued on a steady solid trend thus far in July, which is in line with what we would typically expect to see from a normal weather backdrop. Similar to our first quarter, both our professional and DIY sides of the business were positive contributors to our comparable store sales growth with professional performing better as we saw strong ticket count growth on that side of our business again in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, our DIY ticket counts were pressured at the beginning of the quarter, but stabilized with the arrival of spring weather. On a combined basis our ticket count comps finished flat for the quarter. Average ticket continues to be a strong contributor to our comparable store sales increase driven by the increasing complexity of vehicle repairs, a favorable overall business mix and continued effective pricing management. Similar to the past two quarters we benefited from some modest commodity driven inflation on same SKU pricing during the quarter. On a category basis we saw solid performance broadly across hard part categories with strength in categories such as ride controller brakes in line with our expectations of typical maintenance and failure related demand after a normal winter. As you would expect we also saw good performance in typical spring maintenance categories as we moved through the quarter as well as strong performance on hot weather categories, particularly HVAC and refrigerants in the back half of the quarter. However these heat related categories present a mix headwind to gross margin which I will discuss in a moment. We view the impact of weather we've experienced thus far in 2018 as in line with normal weather cycle for our business and our expectations for the remainder of the year include an assumption of continued typical weather. Ultimately swings in the weather balance out over the long-term and the strength of the automotive aftermarket is determined by the core underlying drivers of demand in our business of miles driven, the number and average age of vehicles and health of the consumer. As we have indicated outlining in our comparable store sales guidance on the last two calls, we have a favorable outlook for these drivers in 2018 as employment and the economic outlook for consumers remain stable and the average vehicle age continues to increase. However, we expect to face some short-term pressures to miles driven as consumers adjust to higher gas prices or otherwise respond to economic uncertainty including any temporary disruptions to the economy from rising prices or the impact of tariffs. In addition, our guidance incorporates the headwind we will face from an additional Sunday in the third quarter of 2018 as compared to 2017. Sunday is our lowest volume day of the week and the impact of additional Sunday has historically been approximately a few basis points headwind to the quarter comparable store sales. As a result of these factors we're establishing our third quarter guidance at 2% to 4%. Based on our year-to-date results, our third quarter guidance and the difficult comparisons we face in the fourth quarter, we are maintaining our full year comparable stores guidance to 2% to 4%. For the quarter, our gross margin of 52.5% was an 8 basis point improvement over the second quarter of 2017 margin which was within our expectation built into our full year gross margin guidance. As I discussed earlier, in the second quarter, we faced some gross margin headwinds from strong sales of hot weather categories such as HVAC and refrigerants which were significant contributors to our comparable store sales and gross profit dollar growth, but on average carry a lower gross margin percentage. This mix headwind as well as continued headwinds from increased transportation cost were offset by a lower LIFO impact which Tom will discuss in more detail. We are leaving our full year gross margin guidance unchanged at 52.5% to 53%. However, we expect to continue to see some pressure from the mix dynamic moving forward. And we now expect to come in at the bottom half of that range. We continue to see rational pricing within our industry. We are closely monitoring the impact of tariffs as well as other sources of potential inflation and remain confident in our industry's ability to pass through inflationary price increases. We also continue to expect our full year operating profit for 2018 to be within our previously guided range of 18.5% to 19% of sales. For earnings per share, we are establishing our third quarter guidance at $4.20 to $4.30, which at the midpoint would represent a 32% increase over EPS of $3.22 in the third quarter of last year. We are also updating our full year EPS guidance to $15.70 to $15.80, an increase of $0.40 at the midpoint, reflecting our second quarter comparable sales and gross profit performance for the shares we have purchased through the call today. I would remind everyone that our full year guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to again thank the Team O'Reilly for their solid performance in the first half of 2018 and continued dedication to consistently providing exceptional service to our customers every day. We remain very confident in the long term drivers for demand in our industry and we believe we are very well positioned to capitalize on this demand and increase our market share. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Greg and good morning everyone. I'd like to begin today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on a solid second quarter and thank our team for their continued commitment to providing top notch customer service. As Greg previously discussed, we saw a pickup in our business as we moved through the quarter and we're very pleased with the hard work and dedication of our team, which resulted in the 4.6% comp store performance in the second quarter. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our SG&A results for the quarter. SG&A as a percent of sales was 33%, a deleverage of 54 basis points from 2017. However, as we discussed last year at this time our second quarter of 2017 included a non-recurring benefit of $9 million for reduction to a legacy legal reserve. Excluding this one time benefit from the prior year results, our SG&A delevered 15 basis points, which was better than we anticipated as our team drove strong sales while maintaining strong expense discipline. On an average per store basis also excluding the legal reserve benefit in 2017, our SG&A grew 3.2% which was in line with our expectations. As we outlined in our initial 2018 guidance, we're significant beneficiaries of tax reform and feel it's appropriate to allocate some of these savings back into the business to continue to improve the levels of service we offer our customers. The cost of these investments is the key driver of our higher than normal year-over-year SG&A per store growth. These investments are heavily weighted to enhancing store level payroll and team member benefit plans. And we remain very confident that our commitment to taking care of the customer by ensuring that we're hiring, training and retaining the very best professional parts people in the industry will drive our continued strong performance. We continue to expect to follow our previously disclosed plan regarding these incremental investments and we're reiterating our guidance for full year growth in SG&A per store of 3% to 3.5%. Now I'd like to spend some time talking about our store expansion for the first six months of 2018 and our plans for the remainder of the year. We successfully opened 128 net new stores in the first six months and are on target to hit our goal of 200 net new stores in 2018. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our new stores and continue to be successful in identifying great locations across the country with our store growth in the first six months of 2018 spread across 29 different states. Our store growth continues to be balanced between our expansion markets, with the heaviest concentrations in Florida, Ohio, the Mid-Atlantic and the Northeast and backfill in existing more mature markets, including Texas and the Western U.S. Our ability to effectively enter new markets, while also selectively expanding our presence in existing markets, continues to give us a great advantage in selecting new sites and more importantly, identifying, hiring and training outstanding store teams to provide excellent customer service in our new stores. Our success in new store expansion wouldn't be possible without the continued outstanding support provided by our distribution teams. A key to a successful entry in a new market or the ability to remain the dominant supplier in existing markets is to equip very solid store teams with industry leading parts availability. The teams in our 27 DCs located across the country set the industry standard with five-night-a-week service to our stores, along with multiple deliveries throughout the day to our local stores and our hub stores ensuring that we can be the first supplier to provide access to those hard to find parts. I'd like to congratulate our DC teams on the strong second quarter and thank them for their continued outstanding customer service. We'll have the opportunity to highlight the great work of one of our distribution teams when we host our upcoming Analyst Day in August at our Greensboro, North Carolina facility. This DC was opened in 2009 and was recently expanded from 300,000 to 500,000 square feet in 2017 to support our continued growth in the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic. As I close my comments, I want to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our company's success. We've had a solid year so far and we're in a great position to finish the year strong. Our current and future success is dependent upon providing the best customer service in our industry and we won't rest on our past success, but instead remain committed to out-hustling and out-servicing the competition, earning our customers' business each and every day. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and dedication, which drove good second quarter results and a solid first half of the year. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the full year. For the quarter, sales increased $165 million comprised of $103 million increase in comp store sales, a $59 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $4 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2018, we continue to expect our total revenues to be $9.4 billion to $9.6 billion. As Greg had mentioned earlier, our gross margin was up 8 basis points for the quarter, as we faced the headwind from mix, but benefited from LIFO. During the quarter we continued to benefit from reducing acquisition cost in many areas, but these benefits were offset by increases related to commodity prices. As a result, we did not see a LIFO charge during the quarter versus a $10 million charge last year. For the remainder of the year, we now do not expect to have a LIFO charge. However, this will be highly dependent on potential inflation on commodity pricing and tariffs. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 have dramatic impact on our second quarter earnings and will continue to have a significant positive impact on our tax rate on a go forward basis. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 21.5% of pre-tax income, including the benefit from tax deductions for share based compensation, which reduced our tax rate by 3%. Excluding the tax benefit from share based compensation our effective tax rate of 24.5% was in line with our expectations. Year-to-date, our tax rate was 22.2% of pre-tax income and we now expect our full year tax rate to be 22% to 23% of pre-tax income. Please keep in mind changes in the tax benefit from share based compensation will create fluctuations in our tax rate. Now we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our year-to-date results and our guidance expectations for full year of 2018. Free cash flow for the second quarter was $632 million, which is $181 million increase from the prior year driven by higher pre-tax income, lower cash taxes and a reduction in our net inventory investment. For the full year, we're maintaining our free cash flow guidance in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $601,000, which was up slightly from the beginning of the year and from this time last year. We continue to expect to grow per store inventory in the range of 1% to 2% this year, as our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of the second quarter was 107%, which we anticipate we'll be able to maintain through the end of the year. Finally, capital expenditures for the first half of the year were $224 million, which was down slightly from the same period of 2017 and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx to come in between $490 million and $520 million for the year. Moving on to debt. We finished the second quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.2 times, as compared to our ratio of 2.12 times at the end of 2017. The increase in our leverage reflects our May bond issuance in borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility. We are below our newly stated leverage target of 2.5 times and we will approach that number when appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and year-to-date we've repurchased 4.2 million shares at an average price per share of $259.42 for a total investment of $1.1 billion. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders. Before I open up our call for your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly Team for their dedication to the company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time I'd like to ask John the operator to return to the line and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning, guys. Can you talk about the weather a little bit more, understanding that April was weak on the DIY front in the Upper Midwest, and Northeast did have a very strong hot trend during the quarter. But as you look ahead, it would seem like your heavily weighted markets like Texas and the West Coast have really seen a spike in the heat and I think that's expected to continue particularly on the West Coast. So as you think about that, does that provide sort of this extended hot season where you could continue to see the performance in the hot weather categories and just driving of the overall comp?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure, Chris. This is Greg. What I'll tell you is in the colder weather markets earlier in the quarter we benefited from some of the failure breakage-type parts. When you're looking at chassis under car steering-type component strong sales in those categories and then in the hot weather markets and a lot of those cold weather markets to your point that were unseasonably hot, we had strong sales in rotating electrical HVAC, refrigerants, things like that. We certainly hope that the hot weather continues and in our southern markets and markets where we've seen hot weather, we've seen favorable sales results and we would expect that to continue if we continue the weather trend we have.
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Hey, Greg. I might add that the West Coast was hot last year so we're up against some tougher comparables out there.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, so as you think about this, I mean, sort of a speculative question, but if you didn't have the 50 basis points headwind from the extra Sunday here in the third quarter, would you have considered guiding perhaps 3% to 5% in this quarter versus the 2% to 4%?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Chris, this is Tom. The 50 basis points is just math and calendar based, as Greg talked about in his comments and we put in our press release. We're also seeing some rising gas prices, which historically has tended to dampen miles growth and also it impacts especially our low end consumer and their ability to afford items. So I think it's the combination of those items that led us to continue to give 2% to 4% guidance when we had a strong second quarter.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: But is it fair to say that the miles driven impact hasn't necessarily shown up in terms of trend?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: That will be fair to say.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Obviously, we don't have the latest miles driven data but we haven't seen that in our business yet. But we're in a short period of the quarter.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Wewer from Raymond James.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. Greg, I wanted to ask you about pricing strategies for ship-to-home revenues as part of your online program. When you look at these each week, this week you're not offering any promotions. A couple of weeks ago you're offering different types of promotions 15% to 20% depending on the ticket size. What are your thoughts about using this discounted strategy for ship-to-home and if there's any risk that it maybe jeopardizes the integrity of in store pricing. And how do you think you'll go forward with promotions on ship-to-home sales channel?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure, Dan. That's a great question. Glad you picked up on that. One of our competitors changed their strategy; they announced the strategy change last quarter I believe. And we just anniversaried the rollout of our new website a couple of weeks ago and we had some significant increases through our online channel during the first year but having anniversaried that, we're looking at different options and we're testing a few things. To your point, we're testing different types of promotions online and we're testing periods where we're not running promotions online. So we're in the process  we just started that a few weeks ago. So we're in the process of really measuring the sales impact of the varied promotions as well as the on/off promotion cycle. What I would tell you about the price transparency to in-store pricing is on a run rate about 60 plus percent of our transactions are by online, pickup in-store. Even though we're running historically promotions online to provide the consumer a discounted price online, those consumers are still ending that transaction in our store. And we feel confident that one of the big reasons for that is one, the immediacy of need; and two the need for interacting with our professional parts people on the counter to get help with the installation to make sure they have all the parts they need to complete the job the first time.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And this is a follow-up question on the tariffs, we went through the 200 pages of items on this proposed list. And I was surprised how many auto parts were included. Can you talk about the elasticity or the inelasticity of demand you would expect if you were to attempt to pass those prices through to the consumer?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, first of all Dan, I'll try to give you a little history as to where we are in that process, when the tariffs were first announced we immediately reached out to our supplier base and started trying to understand which categories would be impacted. And broadly when you look at that 60-plus page document, there's a lot of categories that at face value you would expect to be included in the tariff rate. To-date, we've only had a couple of suppliers that have imposed any type of tariff on us and a couple or more that are coming during early fourth quarter. And none of those tariffs to-date have been a full 25%. They've been fractional based on it either being a component of the product that was subject to tariffs or other varied reasons based on their overhead manufacturing cost. So, so far we haven't seen a big impact, but what I would tell you is, is historically our industry has done a really nice job of passing that along. And thus far in the year both from an inflation and a tariff standpoint we have been able to pass that along.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. Yes?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: And to add to that where we see pricing being more elastic are on commodity items and performance and dress-up items, items that are necessary to run your vehicle where you can extend that maintenance cycle. And oil obviously has gone up and down a lot over the years. And as the price goes up, we see people extend how long they'll do  how often they'll do oil changes but most of the parts are required to operate the vehicle safely.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens, Inc.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: I wanted to ask, you made some commentary around seasonal maintenance repairs, but I wanted to get a sense as to whether or not you're seeing any evidence of car park related maintenance repairs that might give you a sense that the background trends in the secular environment are improving as it relates to the car park?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes. When we look at our progress through the quarter, there's a lot of things that are contributing to our increased sales this quarter. We talked about some of those things and one of them would be the car park. Each of our inventories and each of our stores is really customized for that store based on specific VIO. Some of the repairs it's hard to differentiate if it's a result of winter weather, for example, or breakage or just the cycle of doing those routine repairs. But I would say that there are categories that we have seen some improvement. I think brakes would be one of those. I think battery replacement would be another.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: In aggregate last year was a softer than expected professional business as those vehicles from the light SAAR years continued to enter the beginning of really our sweet spot. And the younger the vehicle, the more apt it is to be repaired by a professional. So the strength year-to-date in the professional business makes us feel good that we've seen the worst of the SAAR years come into our market. And as opposed to being a headwind, should be flat, and then over time, return to a tailwind.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Understood. That's helpful. And then I wanted to ask a question about the traffic versus ticket mix of your business. You've delivered strong comps year-to-date primarily ticket driven that's not inconsistent with the past. But I'm curious about what environment you would need to have to see traffic perk up in your business over a given period of time?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: When we look at our traffic versus average ticket this year, the strength of our average ticket is really driven by strong performance in our undercar categories and more extensive repairs, especially on the professional side of the business, which carries a higher average ticket. In aggregate from a ticket standpoint to see stronger positive results, we will need to see stronger DIY counts because of the lower average ticket but higher traffic volume, which has a bigger impact on our overall business as we saw in 2014, 2015 and 2016.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question is from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. I wanted to ask first on DIY, which looked pretty strong. I wanted to just ask generally why. Tom, you mentioned that you're not seeing any impact yet from gas prices, so is the strength more weather related or do you think your share gains are accelerating there?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, we'll take a look and see what other people report. Obviously, we've always liked to do more business. The DIY really was the side of the business at the beginning of April that was under a lot of pressure as winter weather didn't allow people to get out and do normal repairs. Some of that business was just deferred to May. When you look at people getting out and cleaning up their cars that business is lost for the season, but we continue to feel like we execute very strongly in the DIY side of the business and we're going to do everything we can to take all the market share we can.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: My follow-up, it could be for Jeff, or for you, Tom. Jeff mentioned the 3% to 3.5% SG&A per store growth, you are going to stick to that. I think that was about 70 or so basis points of investment. It's probably early to talk about 2019, but I wanted to ask if we should expect this to basically just fully go away next year. Is that the right expectation? And is there any debate or logic to having you maintain some level of elevated expenses next year?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: A lot of that has to do with what the labor market looks like. This year we talked about making that investment because we've had additional dollars to work with from the tax change. When we look at next year versus this year, this year we didn't anticipate a lot of tailwinds from inflation within our top-line. To the extent that there's broad-based inflation in 2019, we'd expect that to drive expenses higher, but we'd also expect to have more tailwind in our top-line performance to drive comp gross margin dollars to offset that.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Sigman from Credit Suisse.
Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. A couple of follow-up questions here. First, just in terms of commercial versus DIY, so your comps overall accelerated in the second quarter versus the first quarter. I'm just wondering did you see that acceleration in both commercial and DIY? Obviously, DIY was impacted earlier in the quarter. Just not clear if the comp was actually lower in Q2 versus Q1.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes, Seth. Both professional and DIY were positive, but DIFM, the professional side was a larger contributor to comp than the DIY side.
Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And then just outside of the risk statement around potential impact from gas prices. Is it fair to say that you feel better about the state of the DIY business once you got through that April weather and just sort of where you are now?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. While it wasn't as strong as the professional side of the business, we're fairly pleased with the DIY side of our business thus far.
Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then just to follow-up on the investments. When you look at the employee count in the release, it does seem like it stepped up quite a bit this quarter. Can you just give us a sense of where you are investing? Is that store labor or other areas? Thanks.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, we're investing obviously in store labor with the opening of all the new stores and the increased focus on customer service. Also some headquarters department adding staff to support omni-channel initiatives and IT primarily.
Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kate McShane from Citi.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just to follow up on the question about the incremental investments, just when are you expecting to see more of a return from those investments? Would it be as early as the second half of the year or would it be more meaningful for 2019?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, Kate, that's a great question. When we look at this year, our comps have accelerated from last year and we think part of that is due to some of the pressures we saw last year having more normal weather this year. But also that acceleration has to do with providing better customer service. So, we feel like we're seeing a return on our investment now. As Jeff mentioned in his prepared comments, in the second quarter, we spent the SG&A dollars we anticipated, drove higher sales which speaks to controlling those expenses and leveraging better than we had anticipated.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great, thank you. And then my follow up question is just on the macro drivers, gas prices are higher as you mentioned. Is there anything else in the macro environment outside of whether you're keeping an eye on or seems like it's changing, and is resulting in you keeping guidance at 2% to 4%, is it primarily just the higher gas prices at this point?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I think you hit on the big one there, Kate. Gas prices and the potential impact to overall miles driven would be the big economic concern that we'll be seeing. Tom or Jeff, do you have anything to add to that?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We're in a different environment and we haven't seen proposed tariffs like this in the past. Obviously, a lot of them are proposed and yesterday there was talk of pulling some of those back so that creates some uncertainty. We'll continue to monitor that situation closely and take the appropriate actions.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Bret Jordan from Jefferies.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Good morning guys.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning, Bret.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey, as you look at this sort of more expansion in Ohio and Mid-Atlantic, how do you think about sort of distribution infrastructure servicing that market that's a bit further from the Devens DC? And I guess I'll ask my follow up question. As you look into those central state markets, is the M&A environment materially different or better there? Are there potentially more targets?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, Bret. We're constantly monitoring our distribution capacity across all of our market areas. And I'm going to kick this off. I'm passionate, as you guys know, about distribution. I like to talk about distribution, but in fairness to Jeff, I'm going to kick this back to him. So, we continue to look for opportunities. We still have capacity in Devens and we've added capacity, obviously as Jeff mentioned in his prepared comments to Greensboro, but we do keep a very close eye on our distribution capacity and are planning accordingly. Jeff, do you want to add to that?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I think you pretty well covered it. I mean there's obviously a geographical void there that we're going to have to do something about here one of these days.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And I guess the M&A question, I mean, obviously there's folks like Eastern down there in the Mid-Atlantic, but are there in those markets more targets that you would think about or maybe you can talk about how you think about M&A in general right now?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Every time we go into a new market, we look to see who is selling parts in the market. It might be one store, it might be a chain of stores and see what the opportunity there is to team up with somebody to acquire existing relationships. And we have a very technical business and having parts people is a challenge to continue to generate those internally, so we look for an opportunity to do that. What I would tell you on the M&A front is, we are a very disciplined buyer. So, we're always looking, but we are going to make acquisitions that make sense for us from a return standpoint.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Elizabeth Suzuki from Bank of America.
Elizabeth L. Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just expand a little further on the comment about short-term pressure on miles driven? It seems like that trend has actually been slowing for quite some time and over the last few years despite lower average gas prices than in 2014. So do you think there's really a  this is really a short-term issue? Or are there some longer-term headwinds at play here that could impact the growth of the auto aftermarket?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, what I would say to that  and I watched an industry analysis on this yesterday. Some of you may have seen the webinar as well from NPD. I think, the three years around the 2014 time that you alluded to were a period of higher-than-normal miles per driven growth across the U.S. And I think we're  while this year we're probably lower than the normal increase in miles driven, I don't see that as a long-term trend. Fuel prices have increased for sure and may continue to increase. But I think the consumer has adjusted to these short-term one, two, three year swings in fuel pricing, and they don't see that, that fuel price will have a long-term impact on their ability to operate their vehicles.
Elizabeth L. Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. And just as you've gone through that list of imported products proposed for tariff, the 10% tariff, so that longer list, how much of an impact could there potentially be, assuming no change in where you source your product or prices you would negotiate with vendors or the prices that you could charge to the consumer?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, we really haven't  like I said earlier, there is a lot of uncertainty across our suppliers, primarily in China, where the bulk of these tariffs are falling. We're working closely with them. We don't know at this point what that exact impact will be. But again, we feel very confident that we'll be able to pass those increases along.
Elizabeth L. Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I want to start off  it was interesting to hear the inflation being passed through on pricing. I was wondering if you could quantify what like-for-like pricing has contributed to comps this year, maybe as a proxy for how you could handle inflation next coming years. And I'll start with that.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Tom, do you want to take that one?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: In aggregate, it's less than 1%. What I would tell you is that category-by-category, it's been significantly more than that. Even though we've had deflation in aggregate over the last three or four years, we've had certain categories that have had pretty big moves, and we've been successful at passing along those acquisition increases and maintaining our gross margin percentage.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. That's helpful. And then just given where, even ignoring tariffs, just looking where like steel's priced right now, aluminum, resins, oil, et cetera, I would think that your suppliers, even the Chinese ones, are seeing higher input costs. So can you maybe talk about how those discussions are trending and kind of like to what extent you think even ignoring tariffs, like you could see some inflation in the back half or into 2019?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure. While there may be more discussions taking place, they're really trending very similar to the way that they always trend. We don't openly take price increases. We push back to our suppliers every day during negotiations. And typically those conversations will start at a given rate increase and end up either with no increase or a much lower rate increase through the hard work of our merchandise team.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you for the time.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks and good morning. My question is just on the guidance, the comp guidance, and your decision to hold it flat for the year. And when you think about weather, which you said was normal this quarter and you expect it to be normal in the balance of the year with your guidance, and you're also seeing a benefit from inflation, what's leading to the hesitation to increase your  or keep your guidance flat despite the strong year-to-date performance? Is it simply your concerns about potential macro effects? Or is there something else?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure, Seth. When you look at the quarter, and as I said in my prepared comments, July started out solid, and we're pleased with the results thus far, and solid, that's  or in July, rather. That said, we're roughly 30% through the quarter, and there's a lot of quarter ahead of us. And based on the rising fuel costs that we've talked about, based on potential threats of tariff, based on all the things we talked about that contribute to this, and obviously, the thing we've talked about most is the extra Sunday in the quarter that has historically had around a 50 basis point impact, we just felt it prudent to guide at 2% to 4%.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. I had a couple of questions on your private label business, specifically is your private label mix much different online than it is in the stores? And then secondly, have you historically seen your private label mix change much in an environment of rising gas prices/lower miles driven?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, Scot. Our private label offering would be the same in store as it would be online. We offer  with the exception of products that are really heavy that have high shipping cost or we're unable to ship because of restrictions. Pretty much our full product offering that's available in the store will be available online.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I guess I wasn't asking about what was available. I guess I was asking about kind of the sell-through or demand?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: It's similar.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: The mix is similar.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you. And then have you typically seen or how much  maybe the right question, Tom, is, how much have you historically seen private label mix change in an environment of rising gas prices or lower miles driven? I would assume there's some sort of the trade-down effect. Just trying to get a feel for how much.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, every time we see economic uncertainty, there is some pressure on the high end grades. From a purely private label standpoint, what I would tell you is really the significant growth in our private label is centered around the volume which we do and our ability to support private labels has increased dramatically over time and our ability to source high quality house brand products in a private label box. Those have been the biggest drivers of the growth in that. But always during economic uncertainty, we see some trade down, which obviously creates a little bit of headwind on our sales. But those products tend to carry a higher gross margin percentage.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. You talked about a 1% contribution to your comp from inflation. It sounds like that was more than you saw in the first quarter. So was the bulk of the acceleration that you saw in your comps 1Q to 2Q driven by accelerating inflation? And what have you factored in for the full year guidance in your comps about inflation?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Tom, do you want to take that?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I may have misspoke, but the number is less than 1%, and it was pretty consistent through the first and second quarters and primarily related to commodity-driven items. Our expectation is that it will continue to see muted inflation within our guidance to the extent that we don't  or we see acceleration of inflation across broader bands. We'd expect to have more tailwinds in our top line sales.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: And Tom, as that happen how will that impact your gross margin?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Whenever we take price increases, our expectation is that we are going to generate more gross profit dollars. There may be some slight pressure on gross margin percentage, but our anticipation is that we're going to drive better comp gross margin dollars. We still anticipate that we will be within the range, as Greg said, but in the lower end of our previous stated gross margin range.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: And my follow-up question is can you give us some sense for how much lower April was than the quarter over all in terms of the comp?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We don't give specific numbers, but what we did say in our prepared comments is that we generated positive comparable store sales in April. May was a better month, where we saw that pent-up demand released. So that's our comment on that.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot for taking the questions, guys. Appreciate it. I have two of them today. First of all, you're talking about gas prices, and obviously, we see the year-on-year increases. We've heard a lot over the past several years as gas has bounced off the bottom about thinking about both percentage changes in gas prices but also thinking about kind of magic levels be it $3, $4, what have you. Based on your observations of how consumers have responded to this initial round of energy price increases really over the past year or two, which do you think at this point is more important? And are you more focused on this now that we're kind of kissing $3 or certainly did so at the seasonal peak a few weeks ago?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, Matt. We typically don't talk about a given price point at which the consumer changes driving habits because of fuel cost. We talk more about what we think is more important is the rate of price increase, and it's been a fairly steady increase. You have some swings based on holiday, travel, things like that. But looking forward, if fuel prices continue to rise at a faster rate, then a lot of our lower income consumers will be very selective on where they spend their dollars. If that trend either starts to drop or rise at a very slight rate, we feel like the consumer will bake as much of that into their budget as they can.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then my follow-up question relates to the car park. You spoke, I think, generally speaking about the car park likely being responsible for the stabilization and perhaps improvement in the commercial side of the business. I know that you have a very good visibility to the demographics of the cars that you are servicing, year, make and model, et cetera. Are you seeing within that evidence that this is starting to go your way, that as you make your way through that pause in the flow of older vehicles, that the right kind of cars are coming into your stores?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: So two comments on that. As we talked about at the beginning of the year, we expected that that headwind from the light SAAR years was going to neutralize this year, and we think we've seen that. What we also see on the professional side of the business is from the normal winter weather that we had seen a normal under car repair level of business, which is primarily a professional job, where we would expect it to be after being down the last few years.
Operator: And we've reached our allotted time for question. I will now turn the call back over to Greg Johnson for closing remarks.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you, John. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued dedication to customer service in the second quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2018 third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gregory Scott Melich - MoffettNathanson LLC Elizabeth L. Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch A. Carolina Jolly, CFA - Gabelli & Company Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Matthew McClintock - Barclays Capital, Inc. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jenny and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you, Jenny. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2018 results and our outlook for the second quarter and full year of 2018. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are our Co-Presidents, Greg Johnson and Jeff Shaw; as well as Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer, and David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman is also present. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to read our first quarter earnings press release last night. I'll make just a few brief comments on the first quarter results before turning the call over to Greg, Jeff and Tom. I'd like to begin by congratulating team O'Reilly on a solid first quarter and by thanking our team of over 76,000 dedicated team members for their continued commitment to providing the excellent service that earns our customers' business every day. Our team was able to deliver a solid comparable store sales increase of 3.4% and a 28% increase in earnings per share in the first quarter, both of which were above the mid-point of our guidance ranges and are a testament to the relentless focus of our professional parts people on taking outstanding care of our valued customers. I'll let Greg provide more color on our results and outlook for the remainder of the year during his prepared comments. But I will add that we were pleased with our start to the year and remain confident in the health of our business and our team's ability to provide industry-leading customer service and drive profitable growth in 2018. As we announced in February, Greg Johnson will be promoted to the position of Chief Executive Officer in conjunction with our annual shareholders' meeting on May 8, and I will continue my career with O'Reilly both in an executive role and board member as Executive Vice Chairman subject to election by our shareholders. I have a lot of confidence in both Greg and Jeff Shaw, who will be promoted to Chief Operating Officer in conjunction with Greg's promotion. Greg and Jeff are outstanding examples of our company's culture of promoting from within, and I'm confident in their ability to lead our company. And I'm very excited about what our future holds under their leadership. This succession plan continues to progress very smoothly. And as a result, this quarter's conference call represents my last call as CEO. And from this point forward, I will be present during the calls along with David O'Reilly but will not be an active participant during our prepared remarks and Q&A, similar to the role David has played for many years. As such, it is appropriate for me to leave the bulk of our discussion of our first quarter results to Greg, Jeff and Tom. But before I turn the call over, I would like to thank our shareholders  many of which have been loyal owners of our company since I assumed the role of CEO  for their outstanding support of our company. I would also like to again thank team O'Reilly for their excellent work and commitment to our customers during my tenure as CEO. It's been my honor to have served as Chief Executive Officer of our incredible company for the past 13 years, and I look forward to our company's continued success in the future. I'll now turn the call over to Greg Johnson who will be hosting our question-and-answer session following the remainder of our prepared comments. Greg?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin my comments today by congratulating our team on a solid start in 2018 and thanking them for their continued dedication to providing exceptional service to our customers. As Greg mentioned, this unwavering commitment to customer service drove comparable store sales and earnings per share results, which were above the mid-point of our guidance. And we're very well positioned to continue to drive profitable growth throughout 2018. Now, I'd like to provide some additional color on our first quarter comparable store sales results. Both our professional and DIY sides of the business were positive contributors to our comparable store sales growth with professional performing better, as we saw strong ticket count growth on that side of the business in the first quarter. Average ticket continues to be a strong contributor to our comparable store sales increase driven by the increasing complexity of vehicle repairs, a favorable overall business mix and continued effective pricing management, which benefited from some inflation on same-SKU pricing, primarily on seasonal items, similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2017. On a category basis, we saw strength in winter-related categories throughout the quarter in most of our markets, partially offset by some pressure late in the quarter for typical spring maintenance categories as a result of the continued cool, wet weather we experienced much across the country. When we look at our sales progression during the quarter versus our expectations, our comparable store sales increase was consistently solid throughout the year with the best performance realized in January as we benefited from normal winter weather. As winter extended well into the quarter, we saw some pressure from the delayed arrival to spring at the very end of our first quarter but in aggregate, March results were still very solid and in line with our expectations. Our professional business performance was consistently solid throughout the first quarter and as we would expect, the weather resulted in significant volatility on the DIY side of our business. As we look ahead to the second quarter, we are establishing our comparable store sales guidance at a range of 2% to 4% and reiterating our full-year guidance at the same 2% to 4%. In establishing our guidance for the year on last quarter's earnings call, we discussed our major assumptions for our industry for 2018, which included our expectation that we would see modest improvement in miles driven as the employment and economic outlook for consumers remained stable with the potential for any increase in gas prices pressuring lower-income consumers and constraining the growth of miles driven. We still feel these assumptions continue to be appropriate and remain confident in our full-year guidance after a solid start to the year in the first quarter. Also included within our sales growth assumptions, is an expectation for normal weather, and that's exactly how we would characterize what we saw this winter. After very mild winters the previous two years, much more inclement weather this winter season should help drive business throughout the year. However, while a comparison to the past two years is much more favorable, we really view this as a normal winter and our assumptions for the benefit we'll receive throughout 2018 are in line with the typical failure-related demand driven by normal winter weather. As I mentioned previously, we did experience some pressure to our DIY comparable store sales performance at the end of March as a result of the delay of typical spring weather, and that pressure has continued into April as we continue to see very unseasonably cold and wet weather throughout many of our markets. While we don't provide specific details for such a short timeframe, I can say that our performance so far in the quarter outside of these easily identified weather impact of specific days on the DIY side of our business is in line with our expectations, and we continue to be pleased with the performance of our professional business, which is much less impacted by the delay in spring weather. While we certainly are ready for spring to finally arrive in all of our markets, we've experienced this kind of volatility in Mother Nature's timing several times before and we remain confident in our outlook for the second quarter as we move past this temporary pressure. For the quarter, our gross margin of 52.6% was within our expectations and our full-year gross margin guidance at 52.5% to 53% of sales. The improvement of 17 basis points versus the first quarter of 2017 was driven by a modest improvement in merchandise margin and a lower LIFO charge which was partially offset by pressure from the increased transportation cost. We continue to see rational pricing within our industry and are leaving our full year guidance for gross margin unchanged. As we outlined when we provided our 2018 guidance on the fourth quarter 2017 conference call, we are significant beneficiaries of tax reform and feel it appropriate to allocate some of these savings back into the business to continue to improve the levels of service we offer our customers. The cost of these investments were in line with our plan in the first quarter, and we are pleased that our teams were able to generate a solid 5% growth in operating profit dollars, while also investing in our business. We continue to expect our full-year operating profit for 2018 to be within our previously guided range of 18.5% to 19% of sales. This unwavering commitment to profitable growth also resulted in a 28% increase in earnings per share to $3.61 for the first quarter which reflects our solid sales and operating profit growth as well as the benefit of a lower tax rate and reduced share count. For the second quarter, we are setting our earnings per share guidance at $3.95 to $4.05. We are also updating our full-year EPS guidance to $15.30 to $15.40, an increase of $0.20 at the mid-point, reflecting our first quarter results and the shares we have purchased through the call today. Tom will discuss our tax rate in detail in a few moments, but I would remind everyone that our full-year guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. To close my prepared remarks, I'd like to add my thanks to the team for solid performance in the first quarter and their continued dedication to our customers. Greg leaves some very big shoes to fill as CEO, but I'm extremely excited for the opportunities that lie ahead for team O'Reilly and am fully committed to the company's continued success. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, thanks, Greg and good morning, everyone. I'd like to echo Greg's comments and thank our team members for their hard work and dedication to providing top-notched customer service. Our team's high level of dedication was more apparent than ever this past quarter as we experienced a normal winter after two years of mild winters, and our team members battled the elements to keep our stores open to take care of our customers as many of our stores experienced multiple rounds of inclement weather. We certainly welcome the sales demand created by the typical winter weather but without our store team's effort to keep our stores open for our customers and our DC's team's hard work in completing their routes and keeping our stores in stock, we wouldn't have been able to capitalize on this demand. As significant as the sales we pick up is the lasting goodwill that we earn from customers when we're the only parts store in town able to meet a customer's critical needs during bad weather. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our SG&A results for the quarter. For the first quarter, we de-levered 34 basis points with an average SG&A per store growth of 2.7% which was driven by the portion of the tax savings that we're allocating to incremental operating expense dollars in 2018 to further enhance our best-in-class customer service. The incremental investment in the first quarter consisted primarily of enhancing our team member benefit plans and was in line with our expectations. We remain confident in the opportunities we have to strengthen our industry leading customer service through redeploying a portion of the tax savings and we continue to expect to follow the plan that we outlined on our fourth quarter 2017 conference call. We had some other puts and takes in SG&A during the quarter. Including a benefit we realized on the positive outcome from the settlement of a long-standing litigation with a former service provider, which was offset by incremental SG&A expense associated with a charge for a change in direction on a specific technology innovation project under development. In total, our SG&A for the first quarter was in line with our expectations and our guidance for the full year growth SG&A per store is unchanged at 3% to 3.5%. Our expense control focus is a key component of the team O'Reilly culture and each of our managers is held accountable for the profitability of their individual store, DC or corporate department. Moving forward, we will remain diligent in scrutinizing every operating expense dollar we spend with the top priority continuing to be enhancing the customer service in each of our stores by ensuring we attract and retain outstanding team members who have the desire to live the O'Reilly culture and gain the automotive knowledge that's required to be a professional parts person and supporting those teams with the tools they need to deliver excellent customer service each and every day. Now I'd like to spend some time talking about our store expansion during the quarter and our plans for the remainder of the year. In the first quarter, we opened 78 net new stores, which was just shy of our planned openings for the period. Not surprisingly, the extended winter weather disrupted construction on some of our projects; however, we continue to be confident in our plan to open 200 net new stores for the year. During the first quarter, we opened stores in 25 different states as we continue to identify great opportunities to open stores across all of our market areas. Our coast-to-coast footprint allows us to be very selective in new store site selection and, more importantly, it allows us time to develop and train great teams of parts professionals who are ready to provide top-notch customer service from day one. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of our store openings and very optimistic about our future growth prospects as we continue to identify attractive new store locations, staffing those stores with great teams and taking share in the new markets. Before I finish up today, I'd like to once again thank our store and distribution teams for their continued dedication to providing the best customer service in our industry. We're off to a solid start in 2018, and we're well positioned to continue to provide our customers top-notch customer service and the best parts availability in the industry. Our teams are committed to winning our customers' business each and every day by out-hustling and out servicing our competition and I'm confident in our team's ability to deliver an outstanding year in 2018. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all of Team O'Reilly on a solid first quarter. Now I'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the full year. For the quarter, sales increased $126 million comprised of $72 million increase in comp store sales, a $53 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $2 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2018, we continue to expect our total revenues to be $9.4 billion to $9.6 billion. As Greg mentioned earlier, our gross margin was up 17 basis points and benefited from the lower LIFO charge, which totaled approximately $1 million in the first quarter of 2018, compared to a charge of $7 million in 2017, with the lower charge driven by price decreases from vendor negotiations, mostly offset by commodity cost increases. We expect to see a LIFO charge in the second quarter of around $5 million, but our actual results will be driven by our ongoing negotiations with suppliers and potential cost inflation. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 had a dramatic impact on our first quarter earnings and will continue to have a significant positive impact on our tax rate on a go forward basis. Our combined effective tax rate for the first quarter was 22.9% of pre-tax income, which included a benefit from tax deductions for share-based compensation, which totaled approximately 1.6% of pre-tax income. Excluding the tax benefit from share-based compensation, our effective tax rate of 24.5% was in line with our expectations. Our first quarter 2018 tax rate compares favorably to the tax rate of 31.2% for the first quarter of 2017 as a result of the lower federal tax rate, partially offset by a smaller benefit from share-based compensation. For the full year of 2018, we continue to expect our tax rate to be approximately 23% to 24% of pre-tax income and continue to expect the quarterly tax rate to be relatively consistent. However, the change in tax benefit from share-based compensation will create some fluctuations in our quarterly tax rate as a percent of our pre-tax income. Now I'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the year and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2018. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $311 million, which was a $68 million increase from the prior year, driven by higher income and a smaller increase in our net inventory investment than in the prior year. For the full year, we're maintaining our free cash flow guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $599,000, which was flat from the end of 2017. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate, and we continue to expect to grow our per store inventory in a range of 1% to 2% this year. Our AP-to-inventory ratio at the end of the first quarter was 106%, which was where we ended 2017. We anticipate a slight improvement to 107% by the end of 2018, which will be driven by the higher level of sales. Finally, capital expenditures for the first quarter of the year were $115 million, which is up slightly from the same period of 2017 and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx at $490 million to $520 million for the full year of 2018. Moving on to debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.18 times as compared to our ratio of 2.12 times at the end of 2017. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects incremental borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility and is in line with our targeted range of 2 to 2.25 times. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and, year-to-date, we have repurchased 2.6 million shares at an average share price of $248.80 for a total investment of $636 million. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows for our business, and we continue to view our buybacks as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders. Finally, before I open up our call to your questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to the company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments and at this time, I'd like to ask Jenny, the operator, to return to the call and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks so much and good morning. My question relates to margin. Obviously, your sales performance was quite solid relative to expectations. I know that for Q1, it looks like EBIT margin was towards the low end of the range with sales above the midpoint of the range, and you seem to be guiding Q2 operating margin, just comes from a bottoms up perspective, to show a bigger decline than it did in Q1. So can you talk about how cost pressures or any other factors impacting margin are evolving as you move through the year?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Tom, do you want to take that one?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure. When we look at our operating margin guidance, just for the full year, when you look at the balance of our sales, the first quarter is the lowest average daily volume based on the seasonality of our business and we have a relatively high fixed cost business model. So that's why you see us at the lower end of our range. Typically, the second and third quarters are higher operating profits because of the higher sales dollars.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And can you talk about how factors like shipping, for example, whether it's diesel or freight rates, et cetera, are evolving relative to expectations, or are they intensifying, or have they leveled off as you think about the remainder of the year?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: When we look at those, we called that out on our fourth quarter call that our expectation was we were going to see pressure in those areas and that's why we wouldn't get more leverage out of our DC cost on higher sales and those costs have been in line with our expectations thus far this year.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got you. Thank you so much for that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question and Greg, congratulations again on taking a step back or step up. My question relates to your commentary around quarter-to-date trend in the second quarter. You kind of went to lengths to talk about some of the weather impact and softness in the DIY business. So is that  are we to assume that it's worse so far quarter-to-date than you saw in March when there were similar weather impacts that impacted the DIY business?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: You know, Michael, we're not going to share any details over a very short period of time thus far in the quarter. But as we said, in our prepared comments, weather has impacted us late in the first quarter, leading into the second quarter. And at the end of the first quarter, our DIFM business continues to be strong and in the markets where we had good spring-type weather, our DIY business was strong. In markets where we had and where there were a lot of weekends, during the month of March that the weather was okay, and in the weekends, resulted in snow and cold weather again, which impacts the DIY side of our business. So what I'll tell you is this, that what we've seen thus far in April supports our 2% to 4% guide and we feel good about our guidance for the quarter.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. My follow-up question is on the longer-term margin outlook for the business, there's lot of concerns about price transparency and the potential for gross margins to come down. We have seen that your operating margin will be under pressure due to some investments. So can you just provide a bit of a framework on how we should think about, once we get past this year, what is the longer run margin outlook for O'Reilly to look like?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Michael, this is Tom. I'll take that one. We've given guidance for this year, we think that when you look at the value proposition that our business provides, customers continue to be very strong and will be strong in the future. To give margin expectations beyond this year is not something that we typically do, but I would tell you that we remain very comfortable with the long-term opportunities for our business.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: And comfortable wouldn't mean that you're not expecting it to go down meaningfully over time?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We think that our business model will remain similar as it has for the past decade. Obviously, retail continues to evolve, but we're comfortable with the value proposition that we provide.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning and nice quarter. Curious, you talked about the DIY volatility at the end of the quarter, but could you shed some light on the commercial performance? Were trends relatively consistent over the quarter in an absolute sense or is that relative to your own expectations? And does the timing of spring tend to impact that side of the business as well as to people bringing their cars in for oil changes and tire changes as weather breaks historically?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes, Chris. I'll start that one and then I'll turn it over to Jeff, and see if he wants to add a little more color. But generally, what I'll tell you is across the country throughout the quarter, our DIFM was stronger than our DIY for the reasons we talked about in our prepared comments and what I said earlier. From a weather perspective, because most of our DIY customers do the repairs outdoors, in their driveway, what have you, they're more susceptible to weather than the DIFM customers. DIFM customers, the shops can do the work no matter what the temperature is, no matter what the level of precipitation is. So the DIFM side is less dependent upon weather or contingent upon weather than the DIY side. Jeff, do you want to add something to that?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes. I would say that we look and looking back at 2017, our professional business was just really soft throughout the majority of the year, and we knew at some point it had to pick up, which we started seeing that in the fourth quarter. And those trends continue well into the end of the first quarter. And there's no doubt that the more normalized winter weather benefited our professional customers and that's kind of carried through. They're not near as impacted, as Greg said, by the cold spring. But we're pretty excited what the rest of the year holds as far as, hopefully, some pent-up demand from the more normalized winter and the longer-term demand created by that. I was reading an article the other day on potholes. I think it was a AAA article. And it was talking about the damage that's done, I think it was like $3 billion of damage that's done annually from potholes. Obviously, that would be more the case with the kind of winter that we've had. And the average repair is somewhere in the neighborhood of $300. So we'd hope to see some more of that throughout the remainder of the year.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's a great segue to my follow-up, which is what do you  from an evidence point that the weather and the car park thesis, like what are you seeing in undercar suspension, brakes, that sorts of demand that would support the view that there should be a good lag impact from the weather or maybe that's just too early?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, Chris, it's really playing out exactly as we would've thought. When you look back in January, early in the quarter, where we had the biggest impacts of winter weather, we were selling categories you would expect to sell. We were selling winter-related, weather related categories, lighting and batteries and wipers, things like that, some rotating electrical spiked back in January. And then as you move through the quarter, and we get into March where you typically see warmer weather, and you see the long-term effects of the harsher or more normal winters that we've had and the potholes that Jeff spoke about later in the quarter, the encouraging part is on the DIFM side of the business. We started to see growth come back in steering, suspension, chassis-type lines, which is what we would typically in the spring, and we expect that to follow on the DIY side as the weather cooperates.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Excellent. Best of luck, guys.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning guys.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Could you talk a little bit about regional performance? I got on a couple seconds late, so maybe it was in the prepared remarks. But maybe talk about market strength versus weakness and maybe what the spread was between the best and the worst markets?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure. Jeff, you want to take that one?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, really, it's about what you'd expect. I mean, early winter was good in most markets and then as we moved kind of later into the quarter, the markets that weren't as affected by the cold snowy wet weather performed better than the markets that were affected from kind of the lingering winter. As Greg said earlier, I think in all markets where we've seen normal spring-type weather, our business has been pretty decent.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Another question on your inflation comment, I guess some of the same SKUs that are going up, and we saw it in batteries, I guess, in the first quarter. There were some supply shortage and pricing went up. Have those inflationary prices held? And I guess, from an inflation standpoint from your suppliers, what are you hearing from folks that are seeing labor cost coming up in Asia and metals costs and factoring costs going up? What's to talk in the supply chain about inflation on a full year basis?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes, Bret, there's talk about inflation, there's talk about tariffs. We're talking about all those things. From an inflation standpoint, we have seen a bit more inflation on the input side this quarter than we've seen in previous quarters. Most of it is commodity driven, but we've started to see some. We've been able to mitigate most of that by passing that along to end-user pricing.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. I have a question about kind of the commercial versus DIY, I guess. So commercial outpaced DIY. The question is really, would you assume that means the worst of maybe the car park issues are behind you at this point, or do you think that performance delta was really just driven by weather and based on what you see by region, by product category, it really suggests weather was the primary reason we saw that difference?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: This is Tom, Scot. We talk to the fact that we really felt like in 2018, the light SAAR years entering the entry port (00:33:47) of our business, which tends highly to the professional side of the business, was going to stop being a headwind and flatten out. Is what our numbers showed us. So we think it's a combination of that vehicle population dynamic, along with weather that's helping drive that professional business to better results and have more opportunity on that side of the business than we had last year.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right. So hard to delineate at this point? And then the second question is, with the debt leverage ratio approaching your target, should we assume interest expense largely flattens at the current run rate? Or should it continue to come down?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, we would expect our interest rate expense to be relatively flat to the first quarter to the extent that we don't issue additional bonds or incur additional debt. So I would plan for it to be the same.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: When you look at our guidance, we don't plan for additional debt or additional share repurchases in our guidance.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Longer term picture question here. Just has something changed in this business, in that you're guiding to 2% to 4% this year, which is certainly better than last year. But weather and  or I should say, the winter was more normal, the car park is  the pressure there has peaked. 2% to 4% is a good number, but below the 4% plus that you guys generated for years. So what's changed bigger picture? Is it more competition? Is it less inflation? Is it less share opportunity? Or some other guys maybe have stopped bleeding as much? Just curious on your thoughts there.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Tom, do you want to speak to the guide?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. When we look at our guidance, we look at  we have some ups and downs in our business over the years and we've all been in the business for a long time and we're going to see years where comps, because of customer demand and vehicle dynamics, run higher and some like last year where it runs lower. And we feel 2% to 4% comp guidance is the prudent guidance to give. We delivered right in the middle of  slightly above that  middle of that range in the first quarter, and we're comfortable with our guidance for the second quarter and the full year.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I presume you're not going to be talking about years beyond this year, so we can't  any color on whether that's sort of the right outlook longer term as we try to model out beyond the next three quarters or is that something that you talk about at a later date?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, we see  when we look at the demand drivers for our business, number of vehicles down the road, miles driven, where the population increases. We expect those drivers to continue to increase and drive demand in our business over the long term and maybe if you look at the AAIA, they look at 1% to 3% DIY growth year-after-year and a 2% to 4% on the professional side over a long time horizon, and we'd expect to continue to outperform the market.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. One more if I could. This is for Greg Johnson. Any thoughts on  any big changes to the strategy? Maybe one thought, perhaps a little bit more aggressive M&A, tuck-in acquisitions, anything along those lines that you think the company will evolve towards under your leadership?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Mike, I think, we've got a very sound business model. We've executed on for years under David's leadership, under Greg's leadership. Market changes, retail changes, we'll adapt. Fundamentally, we're going to continue to do the same things we've done, which has been very successful for us. From an M& A standpoint, we continue to look for acquisition candidates, both inside and outside the U.S. borders. It's what we've been doing for a few years now and we'll continue to do those things. There'll be some change and we'll adapt to a changing retail environment, whether Greg's our CEO or I'm our CEO. But fundamentally, we feel like our business model works and works very well and I don't see any substantial changes.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Greg Melich from MoffettNathanson.
Gregory Scott Melich - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to step back just a little bit. I think you gave a lot of good information on the how the pro did better and was more durable. And it sounds like inflation is back at least a bit. But what is  we're growing transaction counts in the quarter, I mean, if you look at that comp, was there positive transactions and is that true in the DIY as well?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Ticket count grew more on the DIFM side as well as the ticket average on the DIY side. Growth was in ticket average.
Gregory Scott Melich - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. So overall transactions might have been up 1%, and then the rest was ticket. Would that be a fair way to think about it?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Overall, ticket counts were slightly down.
Gregory Scott Melich - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. And if we think about the growth from the basket was, how much of that would have been inflation versus, let's say, mix? I think you mentioned a lot of more undercarriage and those sort of higher ticket item parts.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes, it is more so. We haven't seen enough inflation to really move the needle on that yet.
Gregory Scott Melich - MoffettNathanson LLC: All right. That's great. Thanks a lot. Good luck, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Liz Suzuki, Bank of America.
Elizabeth L. Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. So growth in miles driven has started this low. Is there any concern that consumer travel trends are changing in a structural way and that it could be a headwind for the auto parts industry broadly, or do you think it's more of a temporary impact from higher gas prices?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: It's probably a temporary deal for gas prices. We've seen this trend before. As gas prices grow and as gas prices really grow over time, consumers will do a really good job of adapting to that and changing their budgets accordingly. When gas prices spike very quickly, sometimes that's not the case, but I feel like today, the miles driven is a result of slight increases in gas prices and we're watching that very closely. And frankly, we bake this into our plan. We've budgeted for a little higher gas price, fuel cost into our 2018 plan.
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: If I could add to that, Greg, in 2014, 2015, 2016, we saw average miles driven at the high end of the average range. So on a year-over-year basis, it's not growing as fast, but it continues to be pretty close to the long-term average and continues to be a driver of our business in solid positive territory.
Elizabeth L. Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. And how competitive do you think the pricing environment has been for national brand products that you can find online or at Walmart or at other auto parts chains? And what percentage of your sales and profit do you think are in the more competitive product category?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes. I don't know about percentage per se, but we're competitive with our peers, our brick-and-mortar peers, absolutely. And then in most cases, we're competitive with the online retailers. There are certainly examples where online national pricing, someone will have it less than us and someone will have a higher price than us. But from a brick-and-mortar perspective, our national brand pricing would be in line with our competitors. And you know, most of our online business results in the transaction ending in our stores. We're driving more footsteps to our stores through our online business, and we get the consumer in our store. We have a very competitive product offering even when we have an online retailer that may have a lower price point on the national brand. We will have a comparable product often in a private label offering that would have an equal to or lower price point even than the lowest priced online retailers. Jeff, do you want to add to that?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, yes. I'd say that one other thing to remember is that the national brands would be more of our premium offering and that's what most of our professional customers prefer. And there again, with the professional customers, it's all about availability and how quick you can get it to the shop and help them turn their bays.
Elizabeth L. Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. It's very helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carolina Jolly from Gabelli.
A. Carolina Jolly, CFA - Gabelli & Company: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Just one quick one here, it looks like you might have two suppliers consolidating in the near future. Do you have any thoughts on how that might affect the business, including, I guess, supplier incentives or availability to new brands?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure. I don't know about availability to new brands, but you're speaking of Tenneco acquiring Federal-Mogul. We've had a long-term relationship with both of those companies. Both of those companies have been good suppliers for us. We've got a great relationship with Tenneco. One of the things that we like about this acquisition is there's really no competitive overlap between the two product offerings. They're really complementary of each other, not competing with each other. So we feel like Tenneco's leadership will be good for the overall company, and we look for good things to come from that relationship.
A. Carolina Jolly, CFA - Gabelli & Company: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I have a long-term strategic question I wanted to pick your brain on. A lot of your closest peers are attempting to evolve their DC strategies, using hub strategies, mega hubs, whatever you call them, cross docking. I believe you don't currently use mega hubs. Can you tell us more about the advantages and virtues of your direct from DC strategy and why or why not a mega hub strategy would make sense for O'Reilly? And just lastly, kind of like what are the trade-offs and what does all this mean for O'Reilly's market share in commercial?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure. I'll start this, and I'll let Jeff add to it as well. We started out really focusing on the professional side of the business where a lot of our competitors started out focusing on the retail side of the business. So since day one, we've had a very strong supply chain, a very strong DC footprint. Since day one, we have serviced our stores with replenishment and special order needs on a nightly basis. So the strength of inventory between a distribution center, SKU count and a hub store SKU count, the DC inventory is going to win out every time. Our DCs will have somewhere between 140,000 to 175,000 SKUs. Our hub stores will be closer to 70,000, 80,000 SKUs and our competitors may have up to 90,000, 100,000 SKUs in some of their larger hubs. But we kind of got that cost baked into our model. We've worked over several years to reduce our distribution cost and as a percent of sales. And we just feel strongly that having that overnight availability of inventory at a DC SKU level is a significant advantage over the hub model. Jeff, do you have anything to add?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. I'd just add that we've been delivering five nights a week to our stores for 60 years and back when it wasn't in fashion and people thought it wasn't the right thing to do, and it's panned out pretty well for us. Obviously, when you're in the DIFM side of the business, availability is absolutely key. I mean, getting that part to the shop and helping them turn their bays is really how you earn the business and keep the business. And honestly, to an extent, the more SKUs you have readily available, the more times you can say yes versus no. So we've always prided ourselves in a high-level of inventory availability. There again, we kind of meet what the market bears when it comes to service levels. I mean, it could be overnight in some rural stores, but it's up to seven or eight times a day in metro markets. It's really what the market demands to provide the service, to be able to earn the business and keep the business.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Another thing to add is that over the past years, we've also added weekend service out of our distribution centers.
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes. And just one last item to note, we've run a significant hub network that augments our regional DCs, so availability is critical to success in our business and we feel like we do a great job at it.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Very thorough. Thank you for the help.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt McClintock from Barclays.
Matthew McClintock - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, good morning, everyone. I wanted to follow-up on just the national brand conversation that we were talking about earlier. You have some M&A going on. You have a competitor that just put together a somewhat exclusive deal with a national brand and you're kind of seeing this in other segments of retail where one retailer will try to create an exclusive with a national brand to try to compete more effectively with another retailer. Are we seeing like an evolution in the way that your competitors think, or are we on the cusp of some type of new evolution in competition created by the suppliers, created by these brands? And just how do you think about this over the next several years being a potential threat to your business and your dominance? Thank you.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Its national brands versus private label has really evolved over time. We were  most of our business as recently as seven or eight years ago was national brands. National brands, there's a competitive component. To Jeff's point, most of our national brands are our premium product and we'll have in most cases, a good, better, best offering, at which point our national brands would be the best and we'd have one or more layers of private label under that. So we've evolved from mostly national brands to a mix, a healthy mix of private label and national brands, which allows us to compete with both brick-and-mortar and online retailers. So I think things continue to evolve. A lot of our private label brands are supplied by national brand providers. The example that you're speaking of in your example there, I think, that's a category where we have created a national brand. And some of our national brands that we own that are proprietary brands once were national brands like Precision, for example, or Murray air conditioning and we own the rights to those brands and they're now our private label brands. But in the case of other categories like, batteries is a good example, Super Start and BrakeBest in brakes have become essentially national brands. So we're happy with our strategy of having a healthy mix of good, better, best and mixing in private label and national brands.
Matthew McClintock - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you for the color.
Operator: And our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks a lot and good morning. My question is on gross margin. Excluding LIFO on both periods, you saw your gross margin trending down year-over-year again this quarter. I just want to understand a little bit better if there's anything outside of your expectations impacting gross margin this quarter?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We have some puts and takes in gross margin that was within our guidance. When we look at our expectations, we had a little less inventory than we usually in the first quarter with and that had some cash headwinds to us, but we remain comfortable with our gross margin guide. And when we look at our POS margin without all the other items that go into it, we continue to be pleased with that.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got you. And if we think bigger picture, there's been some conversation about price competition. We've also seen one of your largest competitors introduce a free overnight shipping offer for online orders over $25. Is that something that you think is material that you'll need to respond to? Or is it too small a piece of your business to matter?
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes, Seth. It is a small part of our business, but we try to make sure we're competitive with our competitors in the products they offer and their programs like this. I saw something last week where one of our competitors was rolling out a test in select metro markets to provide overnight deliveries. I assume that's the one you're speaking to. What we worked on is, over time, and as a matter of fact, over the period of last quarter, we have expanded our shipping points to include all of our DCs and we'll also probably be layering on some of hub store locations. So a significant portion of U.S. households today we're able to touch overnight with UPS ground shipping. And we've got a mid-range to long-term strategy to leverage that and use that as a selling advantage online. So we may not mirror exactly what our competitors do from an approach standpoint, but we want to make sure we have a comparable service level.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. And lastly, Tom, housekeeping question. LIFO expectation for the year now?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I'll have to look and get you. That number is probably in the, gosh, $10 million to $15 million range.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Again, to follow up on that, so that's highly dependent on what inflationary pressures we see.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Jenny, this is actually Greg Johnson. Thank you very much, Jenny. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking our entire O'Reilly team for your continued dedication to customer service in the first quarter. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2018 second quarter results in July. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall - EVP and CFO Greg Henslee - CEO Greg Johnson - Co President Jeff Shaw - Co President
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Steven Paul Forbes - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Greg Melich - MoffettNathanson Partner Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Alan Rifkin - BTIG Carolina Jolly - Gabelli & Company Michael Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Christopher Horvers - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jason and I'll be your operator. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Also please note, this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. You may begin, sir.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Jason. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our fourth quarter 2017 results and our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2018. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2017, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are our Co-Presidents, Greg Johnson and Jeff Shaw; as well as Thomas McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. Hopefully, everyone had a chance to read both our fourth quarter earnings release and our leadership succession plan press release. I'll briefly discuss our fourth quarter results and our succession plan before turning the call over to Greg, Jeff, and Tom. I'd like to start the call today by thanking all of our team members for their hard work and dedication to our company. 2017 was a challenging environment for our industry. However, through your commitment to providing outstanding customer service and living the O'Reilly culture, we were able to generate our 25th consecutive year of comparable store sales growth, record revenue and operating income every year since becoming a public company in 1993. Our comparable store sales for the fourth quarter grew 1.3%, which was in line with our guidance expectations. As we discussed on last quarter's call, we faced very difficult comparisons to last December due to favorable weather across the country in December of 2016 and headwinds from a shift in the calendar. This calendar headwind resulted from an additional Sunday, our lowest volume day in 2017's fourth quarter when compared to 2016, as well as the timing of the Christmas holiday, which fell on Monday this year versus Sunday last year. These calendar shifts were a combined headwind of approximately 70 basis points to our comparable store sales growth for the quarter. When we look at our sales progression during the quarter versus our expectations, we've got off to a solid start, but hit some weather-related softness mid-November to mid-December and finished up strong with the onset of harsh winter weather in the last half of December. In absolute terms, October and November were solid comparable store sales growth months and December being negative for the reasons I mentioned. Greg will give you some additional color on our fourth quarter comparable store sales growth and our expectations for 2018. Our earnings per share for the quarter of $3.52 benefited significantly from two tax-related items. These were $0.15 benefit from the new stock option accounting requirements and $0.62 related to adjusting our deferred tax liabilities in conjunction with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Tom will discuss these impacts to the quarter and our outlook for next year in more detail in a few moments. Excluding these tax impacts, our earnings per share for the quarter was $2.75, which was at the top end of our guidance range. Again, Greg and Tom will be covering the details of our fourth quarter performance and our outlook for this year in a moment. As was disclosed on our two press releases last night, after 33 years of serving in many different roles in our company, I plan to take on yet another new role. Succession planning has always been an important and methodical process at our company and over the period from now until our Annual Shareholder Meeting on May 8th, we will transition the day-to-day operations of the company to Greg Johnson and Jeff Shaw. As you know, they assume that the roles of Co-President a year ago. This will allow me a little more free time for my personal life, yet allow me to continue my participation in the direction and management of our company. Subject to our shareholders' meeting or subject to our shareholders electing me to the Board in May, our Board has asked that I assume the role of Executive Vice Chairman and Greg Johnson will be promoted to Chief Executive Officer and Co-President; and Jeff Shaw will be promoted to Chief Operating Officer and Co-President. I will continue to be highly involved in the operations of the business as will David O'Reilly who will continue as our Executive Chairman. For those of you who know our company's history, this transition is very similar to the 2005 when Ted Wise and I were promoted from Co-Presidents to COO and Co-President and CEO and Co-President, respectively, and took over the day-to-day operations from the David. Greg and Jeff are both extremely talented and experienced individuals who have the full support of our team and our Board and I have complete confidence they will continue our company's long-term track record of success. Before I finish up my prepared comments, I'd like to again thank our team for continuing to provide industry-leading service to our customers every day and growing our market share during this difficult past year. I'm extremely proud of all of you and I'm confident 2018 will be an outstanding year for our company. I'll now turn the call over to Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Thanks Greg and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin my comments today by thanking our team for their deep commitment to outstanding customer service and continuing to build our market share through a tough environment. By always putting the customer first, we're well-positioned to sustain profitable growth in our business. Now, I'd like to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter comparable store sales results and outline our guidance for 2018. For the fourth quarter, our comparable store sales results were driven by an increase in average ticket offset in part by pressure on ticket counts on the DIY side of the business. The Professional business outperformed the DIY business during the fourth quarter. The increase in average ticket continues the long-term trend of increasing parts complexity, although we did see some inflation on same SKU pricing, primarily seasonal items, during the fourth quarter, which if it continues, will lend additional support to our topline growth moving forward. On a category basis, we saw strength in winter-related categories across most of the country, which was partially offset by extremely tough comparisons to 2016 for winter-related categories on the West Coast, which did not see the same benefits last year. For the first quarter of 2018 and the full year, we're establishing comparable store sales guidance at 2% to 4%. The key assumptions in developing our guidance our total employment will remain strong and support a modest improvement in miles driven. However, increasing gas prices could limit the growth of miles driven and put added pressure on lower income consumers. We further assume weather will be normal, pricing in the industry will be rational, and inflation will continue to be muted. Our final major assumption is that pressure in our industry from the depressed new vehicle sales totals during the period from 2008 to 2011 will begin to abate. Thus far in the quarter, harsh winter weather across the country has helped support the benefit in our northern markets, although unusual snow and ice in the southern markets have been a headwind to business since these markets are less much less equipped to handle inclement weather and consumers frequently stay home until conditions improve. In total, we're pleased with our business thus far in the quarter. However, built into our guidance is consideration that our sales volume in Q1 is seasonally weighted to the end of the quarter where we have our toughest comparisons. In general, the much more inclement weather this winter season has compared to the past two mild winters should help drive our business throughout the year. For the quarter, our gross margin of 52.9% was within our expectations and our full year gross margin of 52.6% was in the middle of our updated full year guidance of 52.5% to 52.7%. For 2018, we're establishing our full year guidance at 52.5% to 53% of sales. The increased expectations are attributable to better leverage on fixed cost for more robust sales, modest improvement in merchandise margin and a slightly lower LIFO charge of $18 million versus $22 million in 2017, partially offset by pressure to increase transportation cost. We expect our 2018 LIFO charge will be front-loaded in the first two quarters of the year based on current vendor negotiations, with cost increases most likely offsetting the negotiated price decreases in the back half of the year. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 will dramatically reduce our future tax expense. We expect the savings to be approximately $215 million in 2018 and we feel it's appropriate to take a portion of these savings and allocate it back to the business with a focus on continuing to improve the levels of service we offer our customers. Our focus is to further enhance the levels of customer service we offer by accelerating enhancements to our omnichannel efforts and to continue to build on our industry-leading customer service. The cost of this investment to represents a 70 basis point headwind to our SG&A and an incremental $30 million of capital expenditures. Jeff will give further details in the improvements of our in-store service levels, but I'd like to take a minute to discuss our omnichannel efforts. Regardless of how our customers begin their interaction with us, whether it's in-store, online, or over the phone and complete their transactions whether in-store, at-home delivery or with us delivering the order at their shop, we want to provide a seamless shopping experience that engages the customer and delivers a superior customer experience. During 2018, we'll accelerate our investment in our electronic portals O'Reilly.com for our DIY customers and First Call Online for our professional customers. Our projects focus on improving the usability, content, search functionality, and general touch and feel of these portals to ensure we're exceeding our customer expectations. We will also be focused on better using the data we collect to increase the speed of customer interactions and transactions, improve the smoothness of transactions between the different channels, and use fast buying patterns to better anticipate our customers' needs. Without going into the details of these specific projects, I do want to say that we're excited about our enhancements and we'll be able to achieve this year -- that we'll be able to achieve this year and the foundation we'll put in place for improvements in the dynamic -- in this dynamic part of our business. With the additional spend on operating expenses for these investments and the omnichannel and service levels with our customers, we r setting our 2018 full year operating profit guidance at 18.5% to 19%. For the first quarter, we're setting our earnings per share guidance at $3.55 to $3.65. For the full year, our guidance is $15.10 to $15.20. Our full year guidance includes an estimate for the tax benefit for the new option accounting adopted in 2017 and the impact of shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I'd like to thank our team for their hard work in 2017. I look forward to serving as the company's Chief Executive Officer and I'm excited about the potential for our performance in 2018 and beyond. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks Greg and good morning everyone. To begin today, I'd also like to thank our team for their tireless commitment to providing outstanding customer service. Your dedication to our valued customers has allowed us to strengthen existing relationships and to build new ones. We ran our business to develop long-term relationships with our customers who expect high service levels regardless of the sales environment. And as a result, we have a relatively high fixed cost model, which has supported our market share growth year-after-year. With our business model and new store growth rate, our leverage point for SG&A is in the comparable store sales range of 2.5% to 3%. Comparable store sales of 1.3% for the quarter and 1.4% for the year is well below our historic and expected future growth rates. We tightly manage our expenses in all sales environments, but at the sales levels, we expect to experience deleverage on our SG&A as we will not make short-term dramatic cuts in our SG&A since that would significantly impact our service levels and damage our long-term customer relationships. As a result, we experienced SG&A deleverage of 87 and 66 basis points for the quarter and year respectively. When we look at total increase in average SG&A spend per store, we were up 1.2% for the year, which was below our beginning of the year guidance and reflects our efforts to prudently manage expenses lower during slower sales periods. Looking closer at our full year SG&A spend, we were below expectations on payroll, incentive compensation, and professional services and fees, offset in part by rising benefit cost, utilities, and vehicle cost. As Greg mentioned earlier, we're going to take a portion of our tax savings and allocate it to increase operating expenses to further enhance our best-in-class customer service. This investment, combined with normalization of incentive compensation, will result in 2018 SG&A per store increasing in the range of 3% to 3.5%. This additional spend is focused in three main areas; omnichannel, which Greg already discussed, enhanced benefits and wages level, and the in-store technology to improve the efficiency of our store teams. The key driver of our in-store customer service levels is the knowledge of our Professional Parts People. As we continue to experience wage pressure, driven by the waterfall effect and increasing minimum wages in the extremely labor tight market, we absolutely must be able to attract and retain team members who have automotive knowledge and a willingness to live the O'Reilly culture. We must also ensure our Parts Professionals continue to enhance their knowledge base and are as efficient as possible. We have several significant projects directly aimed at accomplishing this. We don't want to discuss these upcoming enhancements in detail, but we're very confident they will generate a solid return on the capital we invest. On the expansion front, we had a busy year. We opened 109 new stores, converted to 48 bond stores and expanded our Greensboro DC from -- 300,000 to 500,000 square feet to support our continued growth. For the year, capital expenditures came in at $466 million, which was below our guidance due to a higher mix of lease stores, delays in some projects, and generally just tightening our belt during a soft year. For 2018, we're setting our CapEx guidance at $490 million to $520 million. We plan to open 200 new stores during the year and the primary increase in our Capex is accelerating our IT project spend. I'd like to conclude my comments today by again thanking our team for their continued dedication to providing the best customer service in our industry. Our teams have responded to the market conditions we faced throughout 2017 by working that much harder to take our of our customers and that relentless commitment is the key ingredient as we move forward to continue to take market share. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks Jeff. Now, I'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and our guidance for 2018. For the quarter, sales increased to $92 million, comprised of $38 million increase in comp store sales, a $53 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $2 million increase of non-comp non-store sales, and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2018, we expect our total revenue to be $9.4 billion to $9.6 billion. The Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017 had a dramatic impact on our fourth quarter earnings and it will continue to have a significant positive impact on our tax rate on a go-forward basis. For the fourth quarter, we recorded a tax benefit of $53 million or $0.62 per share related to the remeasurement of our federal deferred tax liability from a tax rate from 35% down to the new 21% tax rate. This deferred liability relates to differences for our historic past deductions exceeded our deductions recorded for GAAP. These differences reverse over time, but will now reverse at the new lower tax rate. During the quarter, we also recorded a tax benefit of $30 million, $0.15 per share relating to the new accounting for share-based compensation. For the full year, our tax benefit for the new required accounting for share-based compensation was $49 million or $0.50 per share. For 2018, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 23% to 24% of pretax income. The new lower rate is a result of lower federal tax rate. In comparison to 2017, we expect our EPS to be affected by a $0.59 headwind from the one-time reduction of our deferred tax liabilities in the fourth quarter of 2017, a $2.50 increase from the new lower federal tax rate, and a $0.30 headwind from a tax deduction per share-based compensation with the lower benefit driven by lower expected gains on exercises of options. We expect the quarterly tax rate will be relatively consistent, however, the quarter-to-quarter differences in the tax benefit from share-based compensation will create fluctuations on our quarterly tax rate as a percent of pretax income. Now, we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results for the year and our expectations for 2018. Free cash flow for 2017 was $889 million, which was a decrease of $89 million in the prior year. This decrease was due to a lower decrease in net inventory, offset in part by lower capital expenditures. In 2018, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, with the increase driven by higher pretax income and lower cash taxes, offset in part by higher CapEx. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $600,000, which was a 4.2% increase from the end of 2016. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at the lower rate than the comparable store sales we generate. And unfortunately, we didn't achieve that goal this year as soft sales, especially in seasonal categories, resulted in a higher a year-end inventory value than anticipated. We expect this cycle through this excess inventory in 2018 and we anticipate we'll grow our per store inventory in the range of 1% to 2% this year. Our AP-to-inventory at the end of the quarter was 106%, which was where we ended in 2016. We anticipate a slight improvement to 107% at the end of 2018, which will be driven by the higher level of sales. Moving on to debt. We finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.12 times as compared to our ratio of 1.63 times at the end of 2016. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects the $750 million 10-year bonds we issued in August and incremental borrowings are $1.2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. Our increased borrowings moved us into our targeted range of two times to 2.25 times. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and for 2017, we repurchased 9.3 million shares at an average price of $233.57 for a total investment of $2.2 billion. Subsequent to the end of the year through the date of our press release, we repurchased 0.5 million shares at an average price of $261.72. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to be our buyback program as an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. Finally, before I open up our call for questions, I'd like to thank the O'Reilly team for their dedication to the company and our customers. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask, Jason, the operator, to return to the line and will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey guys. First question is, can you quantify what kind of impact are expecting from the improved car part that you mentioned during the call? Car part meaning the dropping of car sales you have, obviously, during the downturn.
Greg Henslee: When we look at the numbers, we see that that pressure is going to abate, quantifying that particular factor amongst all the factors is not something we do, but we feel like that was a pressure last year that will be less of a pressure this year. And obviously, we continue to have the aging of the vehicle fleet more vehicles in the end of -- or in the order section that continue to drive demand and growth in our industry.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. And then a question -- the follow-up has to do with the reinvestment. So, if you kind of go through the numbers, and I'm assuming we're talking about 70 basis points of margin, that's how I think people are interpreting that comment. It's about $65 million, $66 million, is that all going to wages or is there's some things that might be in there? It just seems like a little bit of a high number on the wage front, but maybe there's something else in there.
Jeff Shaw: Yes, this is Jeff. I'll take a stab at that one. We feel it's about $65 million. And as I mentioned in the prepared comments, the spend is basically focused in three main areas. Wage increases in excess of the historical norms, additional spend on information technology, and enhancements to our team member benefit offering.
Scot Ciccarelli: And kind of in that order, Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: That's not something that we're going to quantify the individual pieces of, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, got it. Thanks a lot guys.
Jeff Shaw: Thanks Scot.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we have Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot and good morning to you. The first question is actually a follow-up of Scot's and I guess asking it simply, do you think you would have made this investment to $65 million without tax reform? And presumably you had started 2017 -- 2018 planning process prior to the final bill being passed. Were some of these likely to be in the plan or is this really kind of a switch that you flipped when you realized you have just opportunity to invest some of those dollars?
Tom McFall: Scot [ph], this is Tom. I'll take a shot at this one. When we look at our technology investments, we continued to invest strongly in those over the last three or four or five years. I think that the tax change has allowed us to accelerate those further. When we look at wage increases, this is the incremental amount in addition to known wage pressures we have. We feel like as the market has tightened and as others have taken action, that we need to be proactive in addressing, especially our low-end store wages, to make sure we can stay competitive in the market and attract the talent we need in our technical business.
Matthew Fassler: Got you. And then my follow-up relates to weather. I guess there's good-bad weather and then bad-bad weather, depending on the offshoot between parts failure and keeping course of the road. If you think about the weather that we've experienced over the past couple of months, a more normal winter for sure, how do you feel about the potential impact of the current weather backdrop on your business later, during the summer months when some of those -- and some other parts failure comes back to drive the business? Is that the kind of backdrop that should be more helpful to you come midyear or is there less relevance?
Greg Johnson: Yes, Matt, this is Greg Johnson. As you said, there's a good-bad weather and bad-bad weather. As I said in my prepared comments, bad weather is better for us typically in northern markets and in southern markets where we're not quite as prepared typically for the weather. From a -- and then there's a short-term and long-term benefits to bad weather as well. In the fourth quarter, we saw that -- very late in the fourth quarter, we saw some benefits to bad weather because of the cold snaps up north and we do expect to see benefit as we begin in the spring and summer months, resulting from that as well. That could be the evidence of battery failures when the weather goes hot, turns hot rather, and ride control undercar categories from damaged roads, things like that, that we typically experience a few months down the road from the actual winter harsh weather.
Matthew Fassler: Thank you so much. By the way congratulations on all the movements and promotions and such.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we have Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker: Hi, thanks. I want to follow-up on the first quarter comments where you said that the comparisons get more difficult later in the quarter and presumably March, but correct me if I'm wrong. They started a lot easier over the next couple of weeks as just starting right about now, we're up against when the tax refunds really follow the table last year. So, could you tell us how you expect that to play out over the next few weeks and how that plays into your guidance? 
Greg Johnson: Yes, Mike. I can tell you, as I said in the prepared comments, we're pleased with where we stand thus far in the quarter. And looking forward, as you move later in the quarter, we typically see an uptick based on seasonality, we'll see an uptick in parts because our -- due to seasonality. And you're right, the tax benefit did hit us over the next couple of weeks and we were hopeful that we'll see improved sales during that period of time and we remain confident in our guidance of 2% to 4% for the quarter.
Michael Baker: So, I guess, when you say hopeful, I mean does that imply that the 2% to 4% assumes a pick up in the next few weeks? And then maybe a little bit of a drop off in March? Is that the right way to think about it?
Tom McFall: This is Tom. What I would tell you is that we build our sales plan on a daily basis throughout the quarter and build our guidance based on overall market assumptions. And when we had the call last year, we have obviously were having a slower than anticipated beginning of the year and some of that was the impact of the timing of tax refunds. So, we've taken all that into account in developing our guidance for the quarter and we're comfortable with our 2% to 4% guidance based on our progression thus far in the quarter.
Greg Henslee: This is Greg Henslee. Let me just add one thing. When you talk about the quarter, and we recently talked about the importance of the end of the quarter and the comparisons is simply because of the seasonality that Greg mentioned and the fact that our sales typically ramp into the quarter. So, while we're pleased with where we are in the quarter, the majority of the quarter is in front of us, and we really didn't take a lot of the potential for the timing of tax refunds and stuff into our guidance, but we did consider just kind of how we did last year, how we would typically ramp, and where we're at in the quarter and, as Greg said, we're comfortable with the guidance we gave recognizing that we're pleased with where we're at, at this point in the quarter.
Michael Baker: Okay. Appreciate that. I'll turn it over to somebody else.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we have Steven Forbes from Guggenheim Securities.
Steven Forbes: Good morning. Maybe just a quick follow-up on the reinvestment. I kind of think about it, if you can touch on why 70 basis points? Why not more, given your margin structure and the likelihood of improving industry backdrop and the share opportunities that exist in certain regions around the country? How do you come up with the 70 basis points?
Tom McFall: This is Tom. I'll answer the question and then turn it over to Jeff. When we look at the likelihood -- when we look at what projects we thought we could accelerate and what the ROI was, that's a more cut and dry item. When we look at what we need to do to be competitive on benefits to retain people and reduce turnover, little more of a cut and dry. When we look at what we thought the wage pressures were going to be in total based on changes in the market, we did some work and made an estimate. What I'll tell you is that we don't do anything blanket with wages and that something that Jeff can describe. We're talking about store wages.
Jeff Shaw: Really, it would be at store-by-store market-by-market analysis and obviously, with what's going on in the industry and minimum wages coming up and things that we're hearing from other retailers about moving wages, we just wanted to be prepared for that and we'll react accordingly by market based on what was going on in the market. As I said in my prepared comments to make sure that can not only attract, but retain good solid parts professionals.
Steven Forbes: Maybe just a follow-up on the topic, when you say wages, is it strictly just rate or is there also potential investment in incremental labor hours? And then just last one, just given the timing of this impact, should we think about, the 70 basis points, as an annualized impact or the annualized impact greater because of the potential timing of the wage increases?
Tom McFall: This is Tom. I'll address the annualization. When you look at the benefit portions, when we roll out benefit changes, it's got an ongoing portion of expense, but it's also got an immediate expense impact to catch up our accruals to these new levels. So, we would expect the quarter-to-quarter impact to be pretty similar throughout the year and the annualization to be similar as we have more start-up costs on these items at the beginning of this year and then wages ramp, it will level out.
Jeff Shaw: I mean, labor hours, my comment there is our philosophy is the same as it's always been. We staff with the appropriate volume of the business and we would continue to do that kind of buy market based on what we say our sales volume doing.
Steven Forbes: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we have Greg Melich from MoffettNathanson
Greg Melich: Hi thanks. First, Greg, I want to thank you for all your work over the years with us. And Greg and Jeff, congrats.
Greg Johnson: Thank you.
Greg Melich: I wanted to -- I said two questions. One is on inflation. I think you mentioned that in relation started in the fourth quarter. Could you quantify how much that was in your guidance for this year and the 2% to 4% comp, how much inflation do you expect? And then I have a follow-up.
Tom McFall: This is Tom. Most of the inflation that we saw in the fourth quarter was on seasonal-type items. Our comments in the prepared remarks were that our expectation is that we're going to have yet another year where same SKU pricing doesn't come up. To the extent that we did see some, that would additional tailwind for us.
Greg Melich: So, basically, same SKU is the same and it's just commodity sort of flowing through?
Tom McFall: Well, we saw some same SKU inflation on seasonal items.
Greg Melich: Okay, great. And then the second question was, when you thought about margin investment and ROI from that, it was pretty clear you went methodically through everything. And I'm curious as to where product investment or gross margin investment flushed out in that equation? Any reason why you didn't look to put some into the product margin or gross margin generally, even as part of a service offering when you look to invest margin?
Tom McFall: Since this is a plan question -- this is Tom again, I'll answer the question. We feel comfortable with where our pricing is. Obviously, we are very competitive on the street and our businesses are very technical business. It's not just the price of the goods that determine what the value is to the customer, and we continue to feel like we're priced appropriately for the services we provide.
Jeff Shaw: And then, additionally, there's really nothing to gain for us by lowering price. I mean, if we lower our price today on any given category, you can bet our competitors, with the transparency of the internet on pricing, are going to lower their price tomorrow. So, there's just nothing to gain there. If we're priced online, we always have to fix that, but as Tom said, that's just not the case. We think our company and all of our competitors spend the time, spent a lot of time on ensuring that we're price competitive, and we just don't anything to gain by lowering our prices as long as we're in a competitive position.
Greg Melich: And on the IT investment, I mean, Home Depot made a big thing about ramping spend on more direct distribution. Is that part of the CapEx increase you guys are talking about or no?
Tom McFall: This is Tom. I'll start and Jeff can add on. Investment and distribution is something we've always done and availability is such a crucial piece of what we do. That's always in our CapEx plan.
Jeff Shaw: And frankly, the number of times that we touch a store now is so significant. Frankly, we've gone overboard in the past. And there was a time where we had a pretty important market where we were touching our stores 12 times a day out of the distribution center. And we finally realized, this is just it's crazy, that there are service levels are that high when they really didn't really need to because we were far out with our competitors. We realized we can outpace our competitors still just touching those stores eight times a day. So, if we felt like that we were even slightly in a not competitive position from an availability perspective, we've always got the ability to leverage up our service levels from our DC's and frankly, we feel like we are the best availability in the industry as it stands today.
Greg Melich: Yes, that makes. I appreciate it guys. Good luck.
Jeff Shaw: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we have Seth Sigman from Credit Suisse.
Seth Sigman: Thanks. Good morning guys. Just on the DIY versus commercial commentary, I think you said DIY was weaker. What do you attribute that to in the quarter? And I guess, was the DIY side of the business facing a more difficult comparison? I'm just wondering, has that improved here in the first quarter?
Greg Henslee: Yes, the DIY was definitely up against a tougher compares and we're seeing a little bit of an uptick in our professional business there in the fourth quarter. Yes, a key driver of that is during the cold weather in 2016, battery sales were pretty incredible, because batteries that didn't fail during the prior winter failed during that winter. Batteries are lined, it is heavily skewed to the DIY side of the business. But over time, we would expect as the complexity of cars continues to be more prevalent, that our do-it-for-me business would simply be a stronger business than our DIY business.
Seth Sigman: Okay. Understood. And then I just want to follow for higher expenses for 2018. I know it was asked in a lot of different ways, is there a way to help us understand what is sort of catch-up spending from 2017? And talked about payroll incentive comp, professional fees all being lower than you had planned in 2017. So, of that 70 basis points, how much are just simply catch-up?
Greg Henslee: Well, what we tried to communicate is that the 70 isn't incremental thought our SG&A plan would look like absent the pressures created by the new tax code.
Seth Sigman: Okay. Well, I guess just given the incremental investments then for this year, for 2018, I mean, bigger picture as you're thinking about past this year, I mean, do you see opportunities to continue to invest or do you think some of these investments are more isolated to 2018?
Greg Henslee: We would expect the investment to continue in 2019, but we would hope the investments that we're making that the incremental spending, we'd provide even higher levels of service and leverage that with better sales and really increase team member productivity through technology enhancements as well as reducing our team member turnover.
Seth Sigman: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we have Alan Rifkin from BTIG.
Alan Rifkin: Thank you for taking my question. So, thank you, Greg Henslee, for everything that you've done in the past and certainly congratulations to both Greg Johnson and Jeff on your new appointments. My first question is a follow-up on the reinvestment from the tax reform. So, certainly, one would assume that you're making these investments because you believe that you can yield a higher rate and at some point in the future. Would it be reasonable to assume that these higher returns would start in 2019 or will they be further out than that?
Tom McFall: Well we try to drive higher sales every day. Our plan encompasses the traction we think we'll get this year. Some of these investments are longer-term investments. We would tell you, a big opportunity for us is to reduce our store level turnover as it impacts our service levels.
Greg Henslee: And if I can add to that, and Tom mentioned, turnover and omnichannel. It takes a lot to learn how to sell parts. And by decreasing turnover, we feel like long term, we put ourselves in a significantly better position to provide service levels to our customers and just be the professional parts people that our company has been built on. So, that really starts generating immediate returns as we start decreasing the percentage of turnover that we have annually. And then omnichannel, we feel like that if you have an opportunity to do better than we do today. And I feel like we do pretty well today. We can do a lot better. And as we make those improvements to our platforms, I think, we see pretty immediate effects of those improvements, but they're incremental. It builds over time, as our professional customers using our portal, learn to use our software, like our software, become committed to us, partly because of service, mainly because of service, but partly because they like the way our interface works. And same thing applies to our DIY customers. So, while all this is incremental over time, some of it has an immediate positive effect.
Alan Rifkin: Okay. Thank you. And a follow-up, if I may. So, throughout 2017, which was certainly a more difficult year than what many of us expected, you cited a number of factors that you thought were transient, whether it was the [Indiscernible] number as a result of the recession, the weather, obviously, Hispanic population headwinds, tax return delays, e-com competition. As you sit here in the early stages of 2018 and you look back on what's happened in 2017, do you still believe that all of those factors that I just cited were in fact, transient? What do you think any of them would be longer term in nature?
Greg Henslee: I'll take it. Well, I think the -- as Tom said earlier, the SAAR issues will resolve this year. So, it's hard to measure to the extent to which that impacted our business. But we know it had some effect. But that's in the process of curing right now. To me, out of the things that we talked about, SAAR, weather, the Hispanic issue and tax, I feel like weather, having two consecutive mild winters and a mild summer, I think, that was probably the factor that impacted us largest. The Hispanic thing, I think, is pretty well resolved and the tax thing is a matter of timing, although the timing is important because if people get their tax refunds at a time when there's cold weather's in place, they're having car trouble, that is going to increase the spend that they put in their car versus maybe a springtime when they've gotten through the winter by patching their car together, and they've got improvements they want to make to their house or something and puts them in a better position to maybe spend money on their house. So, the timing is important. But I think that's just a matter of something we look at year to year. But I think the other factors, I think, the Hispanic thing is cured a lot. I think this winter is going to help a lot with the weather issue, and we'll see benefits of that this summer and the SAAR issue is in the process of curing.
Alan Rifkin: Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Alan.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we have Carolina Jolly from Gabelli & Company.
Carolina Jolly: Hi, thanks everyone and congratulations to everyone. Greg, thanks so much for your service so far. Just quickly, I guess, my one question would just be, do your cash and earnings estimates include any benefit from the new guidelines around the 100% expensing of certain assets?
Tom McFall: That sounds like an accounting question. I'll take that one. Over the years, there have been many programs that have accelerated the depreciation of certain fixed assets and we've taken advantage of those, but I would tell you is that the change in the law changed those this year for us from a headwind as we turned the corner on having a bigger GAAP deduction and tax deduction to equal. So, the answer is yes, it does include that. That benefit is not as big for us because of past opportunities to accelerate depreciation.
Carolina Jolly: Okay, perfect. And then I guess, another kind of accounting question. Can you give -- can you quantify any effects on the LIFO charges that might have affected this quarter's margin?
Tom McFall: We were in the $3 million or $4 million range.
Carolina Jolly: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we have Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. And congratulations everyone, that's great news. My question is a little bit geared towards the first quarter. So, you got a 2% to 4%, you said you're pleased with the business, you talked about some of the ebbs and flows. Are you surprised that business hasn't come back stronger?
Greg Henslee: What I would say is that we always do as much as we can to drive as much business as we can within reason. I think one of the factors that has probably caused business not to be maybe stronger than it is, but again, we're not displeased with our business. We're pleased with how we've done in January. As Greg mentioned, some of the cold weather that we had pushed down into markets that don't benefit from cold weather immediately. When Dallas-Fort Worth shuts down, and you look at your window and there's no cars on the road, that's just not a good day for us. And those factors existed in many southern markets, which helped dampen maybe the positive effect that we're having from a cold winter. Longer term, the fact that we're having this cold weather and we've had this cold weather through some of the markets, it's going to be a positive thing for our industry this year, I would think.
Michael Lasser: And without getting to granular on what you're seeing by market, when the business does come back in those markets that are normally not used to seeing the weather, is it better than it's been? So, the store may be closed when there's a lot of snow, but then the next day it's quite good? Or is that not how it's happening?
Greg Henslee: Usually those markets don't get as extreme a cold weather that would drive part failure as the northern markets, where it just get brutal cold weather which causes rubber to not be as flexible, causes belts to break, causes starter motors not to work as well, causes batteries to fail, cooling systems freeze up. I mean, there's just all kinds of things that you can have in the extreme weather. You don't get quite as much benefit in the warmer markets that aren't used to cold weather, because in Dallas-Fort Worth, when it gets to 20 degrees, that's really cold weather, but that's really not cold enough to cause the kind of damage that we're talking about in the northern markets.
Greg Johnson: And Michael, this is Greg. Another benefit there, it's fortunate in many of those southern markets, that when they get bad weather and it does impact road conditions, and as I said, they're not as equipped to clear that. But typically, the weather turns around really quickly. You don't have snow and ice on the roads very long. So, the recovery is really quick to get back to business as normal.
Michael Lasser: And my follow-up question is, we've all become accustomed to seeing massive share gains from O'Reilly, and you guys widely outperforming your competition. Over the last four, five quarters, your comps have been a little bit more consistent with some of what the peers have been reporting. Do you think it's just harder to gain share perhaps, because share's going to other channels at this point?
Tom McFall: Michael, this is Tom. What I would tell you is that some of our competitors have a different scale. They've have different measuring period than we have. We're basically looking at our comparable store sales on exactly their calendar and we continue to be comfortable with our performance. The other thing I would say is that -- a couple things is, one, the SAAR pressure is primarily a DIFM item as those new tires enter their repair cycle, that tends to be a DIFM customer, and we have that at higher percentage than some of our competitors on the do-it for me side of the business. The other part is you look at our two and three-year stacks, there's quite a spread.
Greg Henslee: And then additionally, back a few years ago, when we had some ground to gain just from a per store average standpoint as compared to our best competitors. And again, we have many great competitors. Our per store average is now caught up and ahead of next our competitors and we simply just don't have as much to gain in that general basis, but we still feel like we're best positioned to lead the industry from a comp store sales perspective, and we would expect to continue to do so.
Jeff Shaw: And Greg -- one more thing to add to that is it's not just about the publicly-traded peers. I mean, there's over 36,000 parts stores all across the country and there's a lot of market out there, it happens one store at a time.
Michael Lasser: That's helpful. Thank you so much and congrats again.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we have Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: Thanks. Good morning. Congratulations to everyone. First -- my first question is on sales. I guess following on Michael's question, can you just tell us if you're comfortable for the start of the first quarter, how big is the spread and performance between markets? I don't know if you want to call it good or bad. And then, within the sales part, are you seeing any evidence that you're seeing the vintages of the six to 11-year old cars creep back? And any larger type weather repairs happening, not just batteries and starters and alternators?
Greg Johnson: Simeon, I would say that the spread across markets was fairly similar to what we've seen over the past few quarters with our more mature markets being a bit softer than our less mature markets. Our northern markets and western markets have performed a little better this winter than -- earlier this winter than our Central U.S. markets. I'm sorry, what was the second part of your question?
Simeon Gutman: The vintages, if you're seeing any signs that -- you're seeing the sweet spot come back already, I mean, in this part of the year. And then as part of that also, just after the weather, are you seeing any bigger type breakage or repairs begin to happen? There's usually a lag after some of the simple things that start to snap.
Greg Johnson: Yes, I wouldn't say we're seeing anything yet. I think most of the upside from the weather is still yet to come. Again, with the exception of the winter weather-related categories, wipers, batteries, things like that.
Greg Henslee: To meet -- they meet the demand.
Greg Johnson: Yes.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. And then my follow-up is on gross margin. I'm trying to think through the components, maybe how price is behaving relative to the cost of goods sold. And so I'm curious if you're seeing any pressure on sort of the price -- the selling price, and the expansion that's embedded in the guidance is coming from just lowering acquisition cost, vis--vis your suppliers.
Greg Johnson: Yes, I mean, it's coming from a few different places. As we say, the lowering cost is a small part of that. We expect that to be more so in the front half of the year than on the back half of the year. But a lot of it is coming just from leveraging stronger sales, leveraging our fixed cost across the stronger sales share that we expect.
Simeon Gutman: And the selling price is generally stable?
Greg Johnson: Selling price is generally stable. We monitor our pricing with our competitors as do they us constantly and we feel like we don't expect to see a lot of inflation on the cost side or the selling price side this year.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. Thanks guys. Good luck,
Greg Johnson: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we have Christopher Horvers from J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks guys. A couple of quick follow-ups on sort of weather and the quarter trend. As you look at December, was that real tough compare? Did you accelerate on the two-year stack? And did you see on that basis much difference in the DIY versus the do-it-for-me side?
Tom McFall: Chris, this is Tom. We don't comment on our monthly comps. I guess we commented on two months this year because they were negative and the only negative comp months we've had in a long, long time. But individually, we're not going to comment on monthly comps.
Christopher Horvers: Okay, understood. And then does -- on the southern markets, I understand that shutting down of DFW and how that would be a negative to overall, but does getting down to the 20s lead to better trends during the summer months in that region?
Tom McFall: Not as much as it would in the northern months, but I think it is helpful. The cold weather is hard on a lot of components. The part of it is just do the damage to roads and things like that from an extended freeze and thaw, and freeze and thaw, and you just don't have as much of that in the southern markets. So, you have some benefit, but it's not nearly as positive of a benefit as it would be in the northern markets where you had the deep breeze and then the thaws that are so damaging to the roads.
Christopher Horvers: And then the last question is as you think about your whether assumption is neutral for the year, obviously, January and early February starting out better than a year ago, what's your underlying assumption in terms of the outlook for the summer? Are you expecting a normal summer? A cooler summer? Is that going to offset the early strength on the winter front? Thanks very much.
Greg Johnson: Yes. We would expect a warmer summer and we would expect that based on -- as we said, the more harsh winter we've had this year, more product failures and a better summer selling season.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Greg Henslee: Actually, it's Greg Johnson.
Greg Johnson: Yes, Jason, this a Greg Johnson. Thank you very much. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for your continued dedication to customer service in the third quarter. We look forward to a solid year in 2018. And we like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2018 first quarter results in April. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas McFall - EVP and CFO Gregory Henslee - CEO Gregory Johnson - Co President Jeff Shaw - Co President
Analysts: Michael Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Kate McShane - Citigroup Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Dan Wewer - Raymond James Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Alan Rifkin - BTIG Christopher Horvers - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Allie and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Tom -- Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall you may begin.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Allie. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our third quarter 2017 results and our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2017. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2016, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call me this morning are our Co-Presidents Greg Johnson and Jeff Shaw as well as Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman is also present. I'd like to begin our call today by thanking team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to providing consistently excellent service to our customers. This unwavering commitment to going above and beyond to meeting our customers' needs was on full display during the third quarter and our team's response to Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma. Jeff will touch on our team's effort in more detail in a few minutes. But I want to thank each member of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and commitment they showed to provide great service to our customers during the recovery from these storms. We did see some headwind during the quarter as a result of store closures caused by the storms. However, thanks to our team's amazing commitment to getting their stores back open as soon as possible, we estimate we were able to make up most of the lost volume prior to the end of the quarter and more importantly, we were able to generate incredible goodwill with our customers that will benefit us for years to come. Our comparable store sales results for the third quarter were in line with the guidance expectations we established on last quarter's call as we saw a continuation of the business trends we experienced in the first half of the year. Clearly, our results this year have been below our robust long-term track record as a result of challenging market conditions in our industry driven by several factors I discussed in detail on our last conference call. These include the impact of two consecutive mild winters coupled with a mild summer in 2017. The impact to the addressable vehicle population from depressed new vehicle sales totals during the period from 2008 to 2011 and the significant economic pressure and uncertainty faced by many of our customers. None of these factors reflected structural shift in the dynamics of our industry and we remain very confident in the long-term outlook for the automotive aftermarket. We operate in a very stable industry and expect to continue to see steady increases in total miles driven along with growth in the total vehicle population in the U.S. and will continue to benefit as the high quality vehicle engineering and manufacturing supports demand for parts laid into vehicles lifecycle. As we look forward to the fourth quarter in 2018, we remain diligently focused on executing our proven business model and consistently providing excellent service to our valued customers and fully expect to continue to lead our industry and generate robust profitable growth. Our confidence in our businesses reflected our continued reinvestment in new store growth. Jeff will provide his normal updates in a few minutes, but I'll steal some of his thunder to report to you that we are extremely proud to open our 5,000th store last week in Norwich, Connecticut. Our outstanding track record of extremely successful organic growth is the result of an amazing amount of hard work by so many of our team members throughout our history and we continue to be very excited about our future growth prospects. I'll now turn the call over to Greg Johnson for some more detailed comments.
Gregory Johnson: Thanks Greg. Good morning everyone. I'd like to begin my comments today by thanking our team for their continued commitment to outstanding customer service and their hard work in the third quarter which allowed us to generate respectable results in a tough environment. Team O'Reilly has consistently demonstrated that we will respond to market challenges by working even harder to take care of our customers. And that commitment to our customers has us well-positioned to profitably gain market share moving forward. I would now like to provide some additional color on the third quarter comparable store sales result results in the fourth quarter guidance. Our results were within any expectations as we began the quarter on a similar trend line to the results we posted in the second quarter. Greg previously mentioned our month-to-month cadence for the third quarter was impacted by some headwind in the middle of the quarter as a result of store closures caused by the hurricanes. But we estimate we were able to make up for the lost volume in the affected regions as we saw demand increase for recovery-related activities. Excluding the timing impact of the hurricanes, our results for the quarter were relatively steady with September finishing as the strongest month of the quarter. On a category basis, our results in the third quarter were very similar to what we saw in the second quarter. We experienced continued softness in hot weather categories such as cooling, HVAC, and refrigerants, particularly, in the Central and Southern U.S. where mild summer conditions persisted throughout the quarter. In addition to the pressure and hot weather categories, we saw continued headwinds and other weather-related categories such as ride control and driveline which did not experience the typical wear and tear this past winter in the absence of harsh weather, which drives damage for these categories. While it is difficult to quantify the specific impact of any particular market factor has on our business over short periods of time, it is very clear to us that weather has created a short-term headwind to our business. Our comparable store sales increase was driven by increases in average ticket size offset by pressures on ticket count for both DIY and professional customers. Our comparable store sales growth was evenly balanced between DIY and professional customers for the third quarter and our comp results for the first nine months were similarly balanced. We believe that parity on both sides of the business speaks to the impact of overall demand for auto parts being soft rather than isolated pressure resulting from a channel shift in the industry. As we discussed last quarter, our tight connection to our professional customers gives us deep insight into the drivers of our comparable store sales results since we can identify changes in demand from prior periods on a customer-by-customer basis. We continue to receive feedback that the sluggish demand we've seen in the first nine months of 2017 is being felt across the industry as our professional customers report similar sluggishness in their business. I would now like spend a few minutes discussing the comparable store sales guidance we provided in yesterday's press release. As noted we have established our fourth quarter guidance range at flat to 2%. While this range is lower than the guidance we provided for the third quarter, it does not reflect an expectation of a negative shift in the trend of our business. We finished the third quarter on a good pace with September being the best month of the quarter and that better pace has continued into October. One has to consider that we have our toughest fourth quarter comparisons in December and that coupled with the impact of the calendar shift in the fourth quarter led us to stepping up our comp sell guidance down to flat to 2%. This calendar headwind resulted from an additional Sunday in 2017 versus the fourth quarter of 2016 as well as the timing of the Christmas holiday which falls on a Monday this year versus Sunday last year. Both of these calendar shifts create a headwind for us since most professional shops are closed on Sunday and it represents our lightest volume day of the week. Based on historical experience, we expect the calendar shifts to represent a combined headwind of 50 to 100 basis points of comparable store sales growth in the quarter. As I mentioned we have been reasonably pleased with the business thus far on the quarter, but remain cautious given the volatility we place -- we face in the fourth quarter due to the variability of the holiday shopping season and the timing of when or whether. This is especially true this year since we've faced difficult comparisons at the end of the quarter as we compared a strong business in December of 2016. We benefited from the only harsh weather we saw last winter. Taking these factors into account, our guidance range for the fourth quarter is consistent with our actual results in the first nine months of the year on a two and three-year stack basis. Just to reiterate the midpoint of our fourth quarter comp guidance 1% is below our year-to-date results of 1.5% percent because of the calendar shift headwinds and we continue to expect to see a continuation of the underlying business trends. We're leaving our full year guidance unchanged at 1% to 2% based on our actual performance for the first nine months of 2017 and our expectations for the fourth quarter. Looking at the broader automotive aftermarket, we have benefited from solid macroeconomic trends and the core underlying drivers of business in our industry. Total miles driven in the U.S. is up 1.5% year-to-date through July and gas prices continue to remain stable at low historical levels. Overall employment levels in the economy continue to be solid and the corresponding stable commuter model underpins support for demanded our industry. We feel our industry is facing normal cyclical short-term pressures, but it is very stable and healthy condition will return to the long-term growth rates in the industry as the industry has historically experienced. More importantly we remain very confident our team will continue to take share and generate results which outperform the overall market. I would now like to discuss our gross margin results for the third quarter and our updated guidance for the full year. Our third quarter gross margin of 52.6% came in at the bottom end of our guidance expectation as we saw continued pressure to our gross margins from deleverage of fixed cost on low sales volumes as well as other factors Tom will discuss in more detail. We expect sequential margins will improve in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter as we benefit from a more favorable product mix. However, we expect continued pressure for the fourth quarter from deleverage on fixed cost to result in a full year gross margin at the bottom end of our previously issued guidance. As a result, we're adjusting our full year gross margin to lower the top end of the range and now expect our full year gross margin to be within a range of 52.5% to 52.7% versus our previous range of 52.5% to 52.9%. We continue to see an absence of broad based pressure to pricing in our industry and we see no significant inflation and we assume those significant inflation of both are comparable store sales and gross margin guidance. For the third quarter, we generated earnings per share of $3.22, which includes a $0.02 benefit from a change in accounting related to the tax benefits from stock option gains and is at the top of our previously guided EPS range for the third quarter. While our third quarter EPS performance is below the historical growth rates we had generated over the past several years as a result of the tough sales environment and corresponding leverage pressures on our business. It still represents a 10% increase over the prior year after adjusting for the accounting change. Our team's ability to provide excellent customer service which drives long-term value for the company while still producing solid financial results is a testament of their hard work and dedication. Moving on to the fourth quarter, we're establishing a guidance range of $2.65 to $2.75, an increase in the full year guidance to a range of $11.82 to $11.92. Our full year guidance includes the previously discussed positive benefits realized in the first nine months of the year for a change in accounting for taxes as well as the shares repurchase through today's call. But neither the fourth quarter nor the full year guidance includes any additional benefit related to the accounting change for taxes or additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would just like to echo Greg's comments and reiterate our confidence in the strengthen and fundamental drivers of our industry and our team's ability to successfully execute our business plan, drive profitable growth, and generate exceptional returns for our shareholders. Our past successes and opportunities for the future are driven by the excellent experience we provide to our customers, which is the direct result of the quality of our professional parts people. This exceptional service provides a tremendous value for our customers and is extremely difficult to replicate. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks Greg and good morning everyone. I'd like to begin my comments today by thanking our team for the relentless commitment to excellent customer service and their continued hard work every day to our service and our competition. Team O'Reilly's dedication was especially evident in those regions of our company impacted by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma and I want to provide a little color on the impact of these storms and more importantly, on the tremendous efforts of our team to overcome significant challenges and provide outstanding customer service. In total, we had approximately 450 stores impacted by the storms with the closures concentrated over the three to four-day time period when storm made landfall, though the majority of the impacted stores were closed for less than two full days. In addition our distribution centers in Houston, Texas, and Lakeland, Florida were also impacted for a short period of time during the storms. While we sustained some damage as a result of the storms and we'll continue to evaluate the total cost of the storms, we did not see material headwind from storm-related losses in the third quarter and we don't expect for these costs to be material going forward. As both Greg and Greg previously discussed, the headwind from store closures during the worst of the storms we'd estimate was offset in the quarter by the incremental sales volumes we captured upon reopening the stores in the affected markets. Our ability to recover quickly from disasters such as these hurricanes isn't a new phenomenon for our company and our teams have long prided themselves in being among the first businesses to reopen and be there for our customers after a disaster. Getting an auto parts store up and running after events like the ones we faced in the third quarter requires a tremendous amount of hard work and dedication of our team including everything from removing water and damaged product from the affected stores, to working with limited lighting and no air conditioning, writing manual tickets in the absence of electricity or communication, unloading trailer loads of generators, gas cans, and other post-hurricane supplies, and the list goes on and on. While this certainly provides a benefit as we begin to make up for the lost days of sales., the real benefit we generate is the goodwill we create with our customers by being there to provide the supplies and repair parts necessary to help them recover from the storms. This goodwill is the direct result of the hard work and sacrifice shown by our store and D.C. teams to overcome these challenges and take care of our customers, despite many of them also facing personal impact from these storms. We remain committed to contributing our resources in helping those affected by the hurricanes and we're extremely grateful for the amazing contributions of team O'Reilly during the storms. Now, I'd like to spend a little time talking about our SG&A expense for the third quarter. Our SG&A was 32.8% of sales which represents a 32 basis point increase over the third quarter of 2016. As we saw in the second quarter, the deleverage of our SG&A spend was the direct result of the topline pressure to our comparable store sales results. On a dollar growth basis, we're pleased with the strong expense control management demonstrated by our teams as average per store SG&A expense in the third quarter increased by 50 basis points as compared to the same period last year. This disciplined focus on expense control by our store and distribution center teams is result of active daily management in each stores, DC and office to ensure that every dollar we spend is directed toward improving the service levels we provide to our customers. Our SG&A spend is deliberate and the adjustments we've made to respond to the current sales environment during the course of 2017 have been measured and gradual. We execute our business model with the expectation that our high level of customer service will drive robust sales growth over the long-term and we will not overreact to make dramatic adjustments that would negatively impact our customer service levels. As a result, we will continue to see some deleverage pressure as low single-digit comps, but the strong expense control focus of our team has significantly limited this pressure and enabled us to generate a third quarter operating profit percentage of 19.7%, which continues to be one of the best results in all of retail. Based on our strong expense control in the third quarter and our expected spin for the remainder of the year, we now expect that our average per store SG&A increase for the full year 2017 will be in the range of 1% to 1.5% over our previous stated range of 1.5% to 2%. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our store growth in the first nine months of the year and our plans moving forward. In the third quarter, we successfully opened 50 net new stores, bringing our year-to-date total to 155 net new stores spread across the country in 34 different states. During the first quarter -- the fourth quarter, we'll achieve our 2017 new store growth target of 190 stores, which includes, as Greg discussed earlier, the opening of our 5,000 store last week. This is an incredible achievement for our company and we remain as confident as ever in our ability to execute our growth strategy. Our excitement about our future new store growth opportunities is the result of the strong performance of our new stores which continue to exceed both our historical averages and our internal expectations even against a more challenging backdrop for the industry. As we look forward to 2018, we expect another strong year of new store expansion and our stablish store growth target of 200 net new stores. I've got to conclude my comments today by, again, thanking our team for their continued dedication to providing the best customer service in our industry. Our teams have responded to the market conditions we face throughout 2017 by working that much harder to take care of our customers and that relentless commitment is the key ingredient. As we move forward and continue to take market share. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks Jeff. Now, we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and updated guidance for the remainder of 2017. For the quarter, sales increase to $119 million prior to the $57 million increase in comp store sales, a $64 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $1 million decrease in non-comp non-store sales, and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2017, we expect our total revenues to be $8.9 billion to $9 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 52.6% of sales which was a 10 basis point deleverage versus the last year. The reduced gross margin percentage was the result of product mix, the loss of leverage on fixed costs and higher strengthen offset in part by lower LIFO charge. The LIFO impact resulting from continued incremental acquisition cost reductions was a headwind of $3 million in the third quarter of 2017 versus $10 million in that same period of 2016. We're anticipating the headwind from LIFO in the fourth quarter will be similar to the third quarter. For the quarter, our tax rate was 35.5% of pretax income, which was better than the 36.4% we anticipated. One-third of the positive variance was due to better than anticipated results on the tolling of certain tax periods. As a reminder, the third quarter rate is typically lower than the remainder of the year due the tolling of open tax periods. The remaining two-thirds was due to the required accounting change for the tax benefit relating the share based compensation. For the fourth quarter, our tax rate will be approximately 37.3% of pretax income before any benefit we may receive relating to the accounting change for share based compensation. Now, we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results in the quarter and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2017. Free cash flow for the first nine months of 2017 the $704 million which was a $108 million decrease in the prior year driven by a smaller decrease in our net inventory investment than in the prior year. Partially offset by higher income. For the full year, we're maintaining our free cash flow guidance of a $830 million to $880 million. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was 600,000 which is a 4% increase from the end of 2016 in line with our expectations for normal seasonal fluctuations. For the full year we continue to expect the inventory per store to grow approximately 1.5% to 2%. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate. And why are we now project these growth rates will be similar for 2017. We remain confident in our effective deployment of inventory. Our AP to inventory ratio finished the third quarter at 106% which is where we ended 2016 and we anticipate the end of 2017 will be a similar rate at 106%. Finally capital expenditures for the first nine months of the year were $340 million which was down slightly from the same period of 2016 and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx of $470 to $500 million for the full year of 2017. Moving on to debt, we finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.08 times as compared to our ratio of 1.6 three times at the end of 2016. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects the $750 million 10 year bonds we issued in August and incremental borrowings are $1.2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. Our increased borrowings moved into our targeted ratio of 2 to 2.25 times. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and year-to-date through this call. We've repurchased 8.3 million shares at an average share price of $234.51 percent for a total investment of $1.95 billion. During the third quarter we were purchased 2.7 million shares at an average price of $200.70. We remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows of our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash for our shareholders. Finally, before I open up our call for questions I'd like to thank the entire O'Reilly team for their continued dedication to the company's long-term success.  This concludes our prepared comments and at this time I'd like to ask Allie, the operator to return to the line we'll be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the 30 minute question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Big thanks -- for taking my question Greg. Are you seeing any signs or any evidence that the industry is becoming more promotional or pricing pressure is becoming an issue in light of your gross margin performance for the quarter? I think that's becoming a question mark for the industry at this point.
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Well, thanks Michael. What I would say is that anytime our industry has a year where demand isn't quite as you know great it was the prior year for a prior period or whatever. We have primarily regional independents I call them undercard warehouses that you know do literally everything they can to hang on to and grow their professional business. So we have those kinds of things happening regionally but there's nothing new that that happens. You see it more during times of lower industry sales growth than you do in times of higher industry sales growth. But it's nothing new. But I would add to that that we've seen nothing across the industry that's changed the way that we compete on price. And I would speculate that there really has been no material change among our competitors. There's a method by which they go to market relative to price other than what we've read about one of our competitors who is considering going to a zone pricing strategy which all of us except for them evidently currently deploy. And we'll just have to see what effect that has. But I guess my comment would be is there's nothing new on the pricing front for us.
Michael Lasser: That's helpful. And then my follow-up question is how do you reconcile your comments about whether influencing the industry sales and the fact that your trends improved in September? And it sounds like that continued into October despite the fact that it's been abnormally warm in areas of the country like the Northeast? And then if we see another abnormally warm and dry winter, is this 1% to 2% growth rate kind of a new norm for the business?
Gregory Henslee: Yes. Well, what I would say, Michael is that we've had two consecutive winters of mild weather and we've had a mild summer. I think as winter has approached in some markets, we -- what we've seen is a good reaction in some of the winter preparation-type of items and that, most likely, there are people that know that they didn't do some things to their cars last winter and maybe even the winter before because they had a mild winter and they're anticipating the need to do it. And so that's -- we feel like that's probably a little bit of a driving factor in the early season prior to weather, hopefully, turning cold and us having a brutal winter this winter in much of the country. We're not as exposed to the Northeast as some of our competitors, but we do realize it's been softer up there. We're growing up there. So the fact that maybe demand hasn't been as good on a macro level up there as what it typically would be this time of the year, we may not see as much because our stores are still on kind of a high growth rate because they're newer stores. Relative to your question on 1% to 2% being the new norm, if whether it's to be -- we have another mild winter or something like that, that's yet to be seen. I -- it would be very surprising if we had three winters as mild as the two we've had in the past. But time will tell and we'll see. Some of the things that are caused to fail by extreme weather are items that are going to fail no matter what. Extreme weather just causes them to fail earlier than they would have otherwise. So, what I would say is that if we have a real cool winter in many markets this year, I would expect demand to be pretty robust. If we don't, some of the things that didn't fail two years ago or last year are bound to fail this year just based on time and miles rather than extreme weather. So, we would expect there to -- this winter to be a better season for us and I wouldn't expect 1% to 2% to be the new norm.
Michael Lasser: Thanks much. And good luck with the fourth quarter.
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Gregory Henslee: Sure.
Brian Nagel: So, I too just want to begin with a question on gross margins. And Tom, I know you addressed this somewhat in your prepared comments, but can you help us understand better what really changed from, say, Q1 -- I'm sorry, Q2 to Q3, where gross margins went up from being up solidly to down slightly? What was the key factors that changed there? And then recognizing you don't give guidance beyond 2017, but how should we think about gross -- given what's the industry dynamics right now, how should we think about gross margins if we look out into 2018 and beyond?
Thomas McFall: So, your question is, to make sure I have this right, is the year-over-year difference, second quarter to third quarter?
Brian Nagel: That's correct.
Thomas McFall: Okay. So, when we look at the second quarter of 2016, we had a significant LIFO charge and that created a lot of the difference. When we look at our gross margin, we tend to look on a quarter-to-quarter basis not year-over-year. The best indicator is how we did the quarter before. And there is some seasonality within that based on the product mix that we sell during that quarter. So, the comparison of how much we're over in the second quarter versus of the third quarter really has to do with that LIFO number. If we look at the sequential margin from the second to the third quarter, we actually improved and a lot of that is based on seasonality and we'd expect it to continue to improve per our guidance in the fourth quarter based on the products. As far as next year, we see a pretty stable pricing environment out there. We see a non-inflationary environment continuing and we'd anticipate that we'll continue to work hard at improving our gross margins to the extent that we are better able to leverage our fixed cost we'll see an improvement. And our merchants are always working on getting better deals. So, we wouldn't expect to have the pressure maybe that we've seen this year ex-LIFO.
Brian Nagel: Got it. It's helpful. And then this -- my follow-up question. With respect to hurricanes, so it sounds like your -- you get your stores up and running quite quick through the storms. Should we expect any type of recovery demand in your business as we look over the balance of 2017 or even beyond? 
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think there's always some. Cars that were flooded, that weren't totaled or cars that maybe were in really bad shape that people decided to salvage, there's, you know, fluid changes and other things. We've been through this before. And Jeff, I might ask you to, kind of, speak to some of the things that we see in the stores relative to items that people worked on repaired following hurricanes and how long that lasts. 
Jeff Shaw: Sure. I mean, obviously, the big ones would be -- the immediate would be the filters and the fluids and things to kind of get the flooded cars that weren't totaled back in service. Following that, I mean, there's going to be damage to rotating electrical. That's -- we should see a bump in that in the affected markets. It's hard to tell. I mean, we've been through several of these over the years and in those affected regions there will be some post-hurricane demand for some period of time. I don't know exactly when that will play out. 
Gregory Henslee: One additional benefit, Brian, is that many the cars that were totaled -- you know, the people that -- whose car was totaled don't buy new cars. Many of -- I would speculate many of our customers that had cars that were totaled and got insurance checks had probably never bought a new car and wouldn't this time. So they're now buying used cars. Matter of fact, the used car market in Houston is robust. There aren't enough used cars down there and there are -- auctions across the U.S. are filling the need for cars in those flooded areas. So as these customers buy these used cars, many times someone with a car that's new to them takes it through a maintenance cycle which is generally good for us. So I think that in 20 -- late 2017, 2018 we stand to have some benefit from those used cars that are new to families that go through a maintenance cycle to become the family car. 
Brian Nagel: Got it. Helpful. Thank you.
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Thanks, Brian. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Kate McShane from Citi Research. Please go ahead. 
Kate McShane: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I think you'd mentioned in the prepared comments to some of the better results that you're seeing at your new stores. Can you walk through how close some of these newer stores are to existing stores and what is exactly driving some of these better results and how they can maybe be deleveraged into the rest of the fleet? 
Gregory Henslee: Okay. We put in there some fantastic new stores, and I think you may be surprised to know that one of our largest growth markets is Texas where we have a number of stores and operate in virtually every market. So they are backfill stores and they are even in Houston, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, markets like that. We're constantly evaluating where we might put additional stores. So some of the new stores we open our stores that are reasonably close to existing stores. But we know by the work we do demographically that we're not getting as much business as we could potentially get if we had another store and we justify opening an additional store. On the other hand, many of our new stores are in Florida and the Northeast where we don't have existing stores and those stores where we don't have overlap, we establish our brand and do very well. I was just -- I just attended our new store up in Norwich, Connecticut which was our 5,000th store. I attended that opening. And it's just incredible the number of customers that come in who are thankful we're there, happy were there. Enthused about the new store, impressed with the way the store looks. So we do a lot around promotions and putting a great team in the store to get a store off to a good start. And frankly, over the years, we've just got better at it than we were in the past. And today our new store openings outpace what they had a few years ago and we're pleased with the new stores we opened both in backfilled markets and in new store growth markets. 
Kate McShane: Okay. Thank you.
Gregory Henslee: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Simeon Gutman: Hey guys good morning. First question is on sales. I wanted to ask how do you know if some of the strength that you saw in September/October wasn't just this hurricane rebound that you mentioned and that you don't see that that trends won't soften from there. I guess maybe you can talk to some geographic markets or categories or parts? 
Gregory Henslee: Yes, that's how we would know, Simeon, it's simply because we know the effect that those regions that were affected what they can -- what effect they can have and did have based on the detail we, obviously, see on the whole company. And we know that that was -- that is not the primary reason of the improvement. Although, we did have -- we have had some rebound in those markets. But there isn't enough scale there to cause us to -- cause effect on the whole company the way that you might be alluding to. 
Simeon Gutman: Got it. Okay. And then I want to ask about the sweet spot. We've talked a lot about it and there's a lot of ways to slice it. I mean, clearly, 2017 wasn't the year it happened or at least it was clouded by weather. But it would seem like 2018 should be a year where mathematically the number of cars in that sweet spot do increase. Do you agree with that? And is there any rhyme or reason for it to occur earlier or later or later in next year. 
Gregory Henslee: I agree with you that we should begin seeing in 2018. The 2008 to 2011 cars will be on the tail end of the demand curve and their presence in the population and the number of those cars won't be as impacting on the overall demand in the industry. 
Simeon Gutman: Got it. Okay. Thanks Greg. 
Gregory Henslee: Thanks, Simeon.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Dan Wewer: Thanks. Greg, I want to follow up on that same topic. Back in 2008 the company had an unexpected weakening in same-store sales along with the economy, had a nice rebound of 4.6% in 2009. A little bit of a similar pullback in 2012 results, followed by a recovery to 4.3% comps in 2013. When you think about next year, do you think that we're set up for a snapback in comp sales maybe to at least the midpoint of 3%. Sounds like you're little bit more bullish on the demographics as well for next year. 
Gregory Henslee: Dan, what I would say is that, having -- been little surprised this year with the softness we experienced. We -- you don't know how years going to play when you do your plan. And Tom and his team do an outstanding job budgeting and forecasting and so forth. But what I would say is, we have much easier compares next year and we've had tough compares for several years in a row now. So I would say that on the tail end of what we would use this air bubble in the view of a population and the easier compares, yes we would expect to have a better comp store sales here next year than what we had this year. And while we haven't done the work for our forecast and set our plan and give guidance yet, I'm hopeful that we will arrive at a point at the end of this year, based on our performance in the fourth quarter, that we have confidence in setting a more aggressive comp store sales plan for next year. 
Dan Wewer: Also, you commented on the feedback from your commercial customers and they indicated they think the weakness is impacting them as well. What are they saying about the dealer's service business. You know the public companies have been showing that their service business has been strengthening. Is there is a risk that they're having some impact on that down the street mechanic and that could be having some influence on their softer results. 
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think that there is something to that. I think that the shops that do diagnostic work and drivability work that's relatively technical, I think that the dealers are doing a -- have done a better job in the last several years trying to hang on to some of that business, not necessarily because of the revenue profit generated from the repairers, although that's beneficial. But, more so, because they're trying to get the next new car buy.  These people that buy new cars and go through a warranty process where they have warranty work done at the dealer, they try to hang on to them thinking that if there is a new car buyer -- you know, someone is going to buy a new car versus a used car, that they have a better chance of getting that next new car sale if they do a good job from a service standpoint. So I think that some of our competitors depending -- I mean some of our customers depending on how technical of a shop it is, does view the dealers as being a significant competitor. And when it comes to the shops that do primarily under car brake work, alignments, tires, chassis and suspension work relative to alignments and tire ware, I don't think they're nearly as exposed to that and they don't have an issue with the dealers, because the dealers I don't think just do -- they dont do that much as kind of work.
Dan Wewer: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey good morning guys.
Gregory Henslee: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: Could you talk about the comp -- the magnitude of the comp improvement? Some of the suppliers are talking about some, I guess, almost good POS data from their perspective on September and maybe talk about how much we saw improvement as the quarter progressed. And then, maybe regional spread, you talked about the central states being the weakest, but if you could give us some idea of sort of the spread between worst and best?
Gregory Henslee: Yes. Well, yes, we don't want to get into a lot of detail about our comps, specifically by month. But we said that September was the best month of the third quarter and that better trend has continued into the end of the fourth quarter. Although we don't want to sound overly aggressive, because we know we have this tough compare coming in December, we have the headwind from the holiday and the extra Sunday and so forth. But yes, I think that what you're hearing from suppliers would be reasonably accurate about the improvement that's been seen in September and October. And I'm sorry, I forgot the second half of your question.
Bret Jordan: The regional spread, how much did the central states underperformed in your strong markets?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, the Central and East would be softer than our West. The West Coast and the western half of the country has been our best performing this past quarter.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then the follow-up question, on M&A, obviously the GPC guys bought Monroe in Rochester, or buying and you've done the Bond deal a year ago. Are you seeing more of the smaller independents, the undercar warehouses you talk about, that maybe are challenged in a soft environment looking to sell now?
Gregory Henslee: There's always a few out there that are ready to sell. Some overlap with us, causes valuation to be a problem. But yes, I think the softness in the business causes more of them to be interested in selling than they are in times of robust business.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Gregory Henslee: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Rifkin from BTIG. Please go ahead.
Alan Rifkin: Thank you very much. My first question relates to inflation, both with respect to commodity prices as well as wages. Greg, one of your chief competitors talked about that they were seeing some inflation in commodity pricing. I was wondering why at this point you're not really seeing that. And then the second half to that first question, what are you seeing, if any, with respect to wage pressure inside your stores?
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Well, on commodity pricing, we've -- I'm sure that we are shopped electronically as we shop our competitors just ongoing, and we have seen a little bit of inflation in commodities over time. So, we do see some benefit from that, although it's not material across of the scope of our whole inventory since the majority of our business is hard parts and batteries and things like that. Although we continue to be very aware of how our competitors price and look for every opportunity to adjust our prices where we see an opportunity to do so. On wages, I think we see the same pressures that our competitors see. It's well known throughout the country that several municipalities have their minimum wage set well above the U.S. minimum wage and it's just we work to make sure that our stores are as productive as they can be and Jeff Shaw and his team just do a great job of managing this. Jeff, you might talk a little bit about the productivity things and some of the things we're doing with our drivers from a routing standpoint, things like that, to help drive productivity in our stores, if you'd like.
Jeff Shaw: Yes. I mean, anytime there's low unemployment, I mean, there's going to be wage pressure and these municipalities don't really help things. But when payroll goes up, you've got to manage productivity team member by team member and we do that with various things and we're using more and more technology all the time to try to leverage our team member productivity to keep our SG&A in line. So, it's just same thing we've always fought. I mean, we'll work through it and manage it quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year.
Gregory Johnson: Hey Alan, this is Greg Johnson. I'd like to just add to the commodity pricing question. I don't think we've seen anything out of the norm this year from a commodity pricing. The commodity -- a lot of the commodity pricing is based on pricing of various metals, fuel-based pricing, things like that. We see fluctuations every year and we've been able to pass along most of those price increases.
Alan Rifkin: Okay. Thank you very much. And just a follow-up, if I may. Greg Henslee, you said one of the factors, although further down on the list, that you thought was responsible for the weakness, not only in your business, but for the industry, was the addressable vehicles over to 2008 to 2011 time period. That's a pretty long period of time, right, both during the recession as well as the year before and the year after. Does that length of time and the fact that you believe that it is influencing your business, does that maybe give you some pause in terms of changing just the near-term strategy since it looks like it's somewhat of a prolonged period of time possibly taking down the new store growth just a little bit till we get to the other end of that? 
Gregory Henslee: No, it doesn't, Alan. And just to be -- I'm not sure everyone understands this, but I'm going to say it anyway. What we're talking about is just simply the depressed new car sales during those years and there being fewer of those cars in the ideal sweet spot for selling auto parts, which is if you look across the bell curve of the demand for parts, when that population decreases, it can have an effect. I -- the reason I wouldn't look at it from the perspective you mentioned relative to maybe knowing that's coming and changing our growth is I feel like it's offset pretty significantly by the fact that cars just stay on the road longer. Some of the cars that are older than -- used to be cars that customers just wouldn't invest in because they were nearing their time to go to the scrapyard. That's just not the case as much. So, I think that the effect of this, while it is a factor is somewhat muted by the fact that there are just more cars on the road that are older that are still worthy of significant investment because they're still pretty good cars.
Alan Rifkin: Okay. Thank you, Greg. I appreciate the explanation.
Gregory Henslee: You bet. Thanks Alan.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christopher Horvers from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning guys. So, can you remind us how steep was the decline in the business in December? I know you benefited -- everyone benefited from that cold weather, but at the same time, you also had some headwinds that were starting to emerge with the Hispanic customer. Curious if you could also talk about what you're seeing there. Is that customer more stable now? And do you think that was a drag in your business as early as around the election timeframe?
Gregory Henslee: We don't give monthly comp numbers and I tell you, December -- the comp in December was approximately double what it was the two months of the quarter. So, it's a significant step-up. And a lot of the business during December was directly related to real cold weather. It was batteries and other cold winter items that we sold during the period of time that we might replicate this again in December. We'll have to see. If we have a real cold weather, then there should be a lot of batteries out there that are ready to fail and a real cold snap across the country would cause them to fail. So, we'll just have to see. But December was a material step-up last year for us from a comp store sales basis compared to October and November. On the Hispanic customer, we think it's getting better. Jeff, you made some comments earlier that the -- what some of the RMs and DMs have been saying to you. So, we think it's improving. And Jeff, you might have a comment relative to that.
Jeff Shaw: Yes. I mean what we're hearing from some of the heaviest Hispanic markets is the operators feel that it's taking back up. Foot traffic is picking up and some of the professional business is picking back up. So, at this point, it's isolated, but we are hearing some positive comments more than we've heard all year.
Christopher Horvers: Would -- could you venture -- I mean, as you think about that customer, how much perhaps that's been a headwind or was a headwind, whether in the fourth quarter last year or in the first quarter, is it -- is it like 20 or 30 basis points or is it something more material?
Gregory Henslee: It would just be an absolute guess and I'd rather not put a number on it. It's been a factor. There's been enough discussion about it and the information we get from a company called NPD, who you're probably familiar with, outlines just the general retail demand among the Hispanic customer base and where the Hispanic population is most prevalent in driving retail demand across the country has indicated that it's a factor. But it would be very difficult, if not impossible, for us to put a number on the impact.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then just as a quick follow-up. Tom, did the shrink headwind continue as you look into the next few quarters? Is that sort of a new rate of accrual? Or was this just more of a one-time adjustment here in the third quarter? Thank you.
Thomas McFall: We would -- we've spend a lot of time managing shrink. Our field team, DCs teams do an amazing job, our LP team does an amazing job. And I would tell you that this is just an oddity for us that kind of popped and probably had a lot to do with the timing at the end of the quarter and how much inventory we had to move around in different ways based on the events that occurred during the quarter. 
Christopher Horvers: Understood. Thanks.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: Thanks for taking the question. First one is clerical, does your SG&A guidance, is that GAAP? Like do you adjust that for the legal reserve and for the M&A? How are you looking at that?
Thomas McFall: I'm sorry. Our SG&A guidance would be GAAP.
Chris Bottiglieri: GAAP. Okay. And then so obviously pretty impressive performance year-to-date. Basically running flattish versus 3%. This is ex-dollar. Have you stripped out depreciation rent out of your SG&A versus running 3% the prior years? So, maybe you can help kind of bridge that gap. Like how much is incentive comp coming out of the SG&A base? How much -- is there any way -- any reason to think that some of these expenses could be pushed into 2018? I just kind of wanted to get your thoughts there.th.
Thomas McFall: I would tell you, it's just tight expense management and as we talked about before, we have variable compensation for every team member here at O'Reilly from driver up through our executives. And the percent changes. Obviously, that number is under pressure this year. So there's some savings there that won't occur. But it's good expense management, good expanse management of payroll, which is our biggest expense at both of the DCs and in the stores. And we have a very -- the expenses that are volume based that go up when we have higher sales and more activity; we're going to get to out-manage it.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. Then just one brief one on LIFO. Those tailwinds have kind of slowed down a little bit or I guess initial headwinds, I call them lag tailwinds. How do you think about kind of your ability to extract better procurement from your vendors? Are you seeing anything change on the discussion points? Is there a certain percentage of your portfolio turnover in the last couple of years that makes those slower? Or how do you think about those?
Thomas McFall: So, as Greg mentioned earlier, we have seen some commodity price inflation and its car part to where we continue to get better deals, offset in part by inflation on some commodities. So, we continue to work on getting great deals. But to the extent that we see commodity pricing increase that could -- so if we see inflation provide tailwind to the top line and our industry has been pretty effective at pushing price increases for cost increase that we receive.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay, cool. Thank you for the help. Appreciate it.
Thomas McFall: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Allie. We just like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for our continued dedication to customer service in the third quarter and for the year. We look forward to finishing 2017 on a solid note and getting off to a strong start in 2018. I'd like to thank everyone on the call today for attending our call and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter 2017 results in February. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Steven Forbes - Guggenheim Securities LLC Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. A. Carolina Jolly - G.research LLC Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive second quarter earnings conference call. My name is Victoria I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call we will discuss our second quarter 2017 results and our outlook for the third quarter and remainder of 2017. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I did like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning are our co-presidents, Greg Johnson and Jeff Shaw; as well as Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. I'd like to begin our call by thanking Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to providing consistently excellent service to our customers. Our financial results for the first six months of 2017 were below our expectations but we strongly believe the customer service delivered by our team on a daily basis is the best in our industry. And we remain confident their contributions will continue to drive us forward as the market leader. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our second quarter comparable store sales results before I turn the call over to Greg, Jeff and Tom for a more detailed overview. As we announced in our press release earlier this month, our comparable store sales results of 1.7% for the second quarter fell below the guidance of 3% to 5% we set going into the quarter. We established our second quarter guidance with the expectation that business would normalize as we moved past the volatile weather backdrop of the first quarter based on our confidence in the strength of the fundamental drivers of demand in our industry and our trends exiting the first quarter and entering April were in line with our expectations. However, as we moved through the quarter, we continued to see pressure to overall demand in our industry. As we have seen in the past, when our industry encounters sluggish demand like we saw in the first half of 2017, it can at times be difficult to determine the exact causes of the slowdown and the degree to which any single item is creating a headwind, especially when multiple factors have the potential to impact demand over short periods of time. Having said that, we believe there are a few key identifiable factors which have negatively impacted demand in the automotive aftermarket in 2017. First, we continue to face pressure to our comparable store sales results from a second consecutive mild winter. As we have said multiple times in the past, we don't enjoy talking about the impact weather has on our business as it's a factor that is simply out of our control and ultimately balances out over the long-term. However, it is simply a reality that over short periods of time, the single most significant factor that drives variability in our business is weather. The winter of 2017 was similar to 2016 in that we again experienced very mild weather by historical standards and the lack of more typical extreme winter weather led to less parts failure than we would normally expect to see. This weather dynamic as well as a mild start to summer in many of our markets contributed to the sluggish demand we saw in the second quarter. In addition to the headwinds we've seen from weather, we also believe our top-line results have been impacted by a cyclical softness of consumer demand in our industry. 2014, 2015 and 2016 were extremely strong years for O'Reilly and for the industry as a whole and we capitalized by generating comparable store sales of 6%, 7.5% and 4.8% respectively during the last three years. The key macro industry factors that drive robust demand for auto parts improved significantly during these periods as we saw above average increases in annual miles driven supported by significant reductions in gas prices and steady improvements in total employment. While these fundamental factors are very stable drivers of demand for our industry and still remain favorable, we believe we simply aren't seeing the same level of year-over-year benefit and demand has softened as these gains have moderated. We have seen a similar dynamic play out with the demographics of the vehicle population. For the last several years, our industry has benefited from low stable strappage rates and a continually rising age of vehicles as a result of the quality of engineering and manufacturing of today's vehicles. We expect to continue to see this trend of high reliability late into the typical vehicle life cycle but the depressed new vehicle sales totals during the period from 2008 to 2011 are likely mitigating some of the benefit we would otherwise realize from the increasing age of the U.S. fleet, which has been a significant tailwind for us the past several years. Against this industry backdrop, we also believe that certain sectors of our customer base aren't as confident as we would like them to be. In particular, we believe our lower income consumers face significant pressures and are still in a period of significant economic uncertainty. Additionally, we think this uncertainty is especially pronounced among Hispanic consumers and we think this has resulted in a decline in overall spending from this demographic which is a very important customer base for our business. The demand for the majority of our products we sell is non-discretionary and our customers simply cannot defer repairs that impair the drivability of their vehicle. However, some repair and maintenance can be extended or deferred. At any given point in time, while it's difficult to measure in aggregate terms, we know there is a significant amount of unperformed or underperformed maintenance in the U.S. vehicle fleet. During these periods of strong demand like we have seen over the past several years, it is very likely we benefited from a reduction in unperformed maintenance in the vehicle fleet, just as it is also likely that we are now experiencing an increase in the level of deferred repair and maintenance driven by the factors I previously described. Ultimately, these swings are cyclical since with a stable amount of annual miles driven, a consumer can only defer needed repairs for so long. Before I turn the call over to Greg, I want to emphasize our strongly-held belief that the headwinds to consumer demand are affecting the entire industry and that the current environment is not dissimilar from periods of softer demand we have experienced multiple times during our history in this business. Our focus during these downcycles is exactly the same as when business in our industry is strong. We are relentless in serving our customers to build long-term relationships and do not rely solely on overall industry growth to drive our sales growth. We have the best team of professional parts people in the business and we are very confident we are well positioned to continue to grow our market share by providing our customers the incredible levels of customer service on which we've built our company. I'll now turn the call over to Greg Johnson.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Again I'd like to echo Greg's comments and thank Team O'Reilly for their relentless dedication to providing outstanding customer service. 2017 has been a challenging year thus far but our team's commitment to customers hasn't wavered a bit and we continue to be well positioned to profitably gain market share moving forward. I would now like to provide some additional color our second quarter comparable store sales results. As Greg has already mentioned, we exited the first quarter and entered April on an improved trend as we began to see some pickups in typical spring business. However, as we moved through the quarter in May and June, we encountered increased softness to our business. And even though the change in comparable store sales was positive in each month of the quarter, the stepdown in business in the last two months of the quarter drove the shortfall to our comp guidance, resulting in the 1.7% increase we reported on July 5th. On a category basis, we saw broad pressure across product lines throughout the quarter but the headwinds were most pronounced in weather-related categories. These categories include ride control and drive line, which is susceptible to increased wear and tear during the harsh winter conditions. We also experienced softness in the last two months of the quarter in categories such as cooling, HVAC and refrigerants. The headwinds in these hot weather categories were especially prevalent in the Central and Southeastern U.S. which are significant markets for us and did not see typical high temperatures during the second quarter. Our comparable store sales increase was driven by increase in average ticket size, offset by pressure on ticket counts for both DIY and professional customers. Our DIY comps in the second quarter slightly outpaced professional customer comps for the first time in recent history, though both were positive during the quarter. We believe parity on both sides of the business speaks to the impact of overall demand for auto parts being soft rather than isolated pressure resulting from a channel shift in the industry. As we evaluate our top-line performance, one of the benefits we have on the professional side of our business is that we know by customer where the demand came from in a prior period and, as you would suspect, we spend a significant amount of time visiting our professional customers to understand their business. It is very clear to us that the softness we have seen in the first half of 2017 is also being felt by the shops we service, as we receive consistent feedback that their business has been slow this time of year and their customers have been more likely to defer repairs when possible. I'd now like to spend a few minutes discussing the comparable store sales guidance we provided in yesterday's press release. As we develop guidance, we evaluate the key drivers for demand in our industry and we remain very positive about the long-term outlook for the automotive aftermarket. We would expect the total miles driven in the U.S. and total vehicle population to continue to increase steadily as a result of population growth and a stable growing economy. Further, as Greg mentioned earlier, the average age of vehicles has increased steadily over the last several years and we believe the strong reliability of vehicles manufactured over the last decade will continue to support demand for parts late into a vehicle's life cycle. However, while we remain confident concerning the strength of our industry over the long-term, it is clear several factors are combining to create near-term headwinds in our industry. As a result, we feel it prudent to set our guidance in line with the current business environment and, as such, our updated comp guidance range of 1% to 3% for the third quarter reflects a lower level of growth than we expect to generate over a long-term basis. On a two- and three-year stack basis, the revised guidance range for the third quarter is consistent with our actual results in the first and second quarters of 2017. Our business thus far in the quarter is solid and we're comfortable with our 1% to 3% guidance, keeping in mind that the majority of the quarter is still in front of us. We are also revising our full year guidance to 1% to 2% from our previous guidance of 3% to 5% based on our actual performance during the first six months of 2017 and our revised expectations for the remainder of the year. This full year guidance also incorporates calendar headwinds in the fourth quarter resulting from an additional Sunday in 2017 versus the fourth quarter of 2016 as well as the timing of the Christmas holiday which falls on a Monday this year versus a Sunday last year. Both of these calendar shifts create headwind for us since most professional shops are closed on Sunday and it represents our lightest volume day of the week. I'd now like to discuss our gross margin results for the second quarter and our revised guidance for the full year. Our second quarter gross margin of 52.4% was below our expectations as we saw deleverage of fixed costs within our gross margin on the lower than expected sales volume. With the update to our sales guidance, we would expect to see similar pressure from deleverage on fixed cost on the back half of 2017 and now expect our full year gross margin to be within the range of 52.5% to 52.9%. We continue to see an absence of broad-based pressure to pricing in our industry and we assume no significant inflation in both our comparable store sales and gross margin guidance. I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our diluted earnings per share results and some discrete items which benefited EPS for the second quarter. As we disclosed in our press release yesterday, we realized a $9 million benefit in SG&A for a reduction to legal reserve related to a legacy claim. This item represented a $0.06 benefit to EPS for the second quarter. In addition, we also realized a $0.09 benefit in the second quarter from a change in accounting related to the tax benefit from stock option gains. This is the same item that reduced our income tax rate during the first quarter and Tom will discuss it in more detail later. Excluding both of these benefits, our EPS fell short of our guidance range as a result of soft sales and corresponding leverage pressure on our business but still represented an increase of 11% over the second quarter of 2016. Moving to the remainder of 2017, we are establishing third quarter EPS guidance range of $3.10 to $3.20 and adjusting our full year guidance to a range of $11.77 to $11.87. Our full year guidance includes the previously discussed positive benefits realized in the first six months of the year from the change in accounting for taxes and legal reserve adjustments as well as the shares repurchased through today's call. But neither the third quarter nor the full year guidance includes any additional benefit related to the accounting change for taxes or additional share repurchases. Finally, I'd like to take a minute to provide an update on our omni channel initiatives. Excellent customer service is the driver of our business and as consumer shopping patterns evolve with advancements in technology, we're committed to providing each of our customers with convenient, seamless buying experience, whether they begin a transition in one of our stores, on the phone, or on our website. We are continually evaluating and enhancing our omni channel experience for our customers and took another great step forward on July 12th with the launch of our newly redesigned oreillyauto.com website. The new site has a dramatically enhanced look, feel and usability. It's easier to navigate and search, has improved responsiveness to multiple devices and is equipped with an enhanced promotional functionality. We are very pleased with the excellent work done by our teams on this key initiative and I would encourage everyone to check out our new website. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would just like to reiterate our confidence in our business model, our team and the opportunity we have to continue to take market share and generate exceptional returns for our shareholders. Ultimately, we know that long-term success in our industry is the direct result of providing the best value to our customers, the key to which is the exceptional parts availability and customer service we provide. And I would like to thank our team once again for their continued dedication to serving our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd also like to begin my comments today by thanking our team for their continued dedication to our company's success and the relentless commitment to excellent customer service. Both Greg Henslee and Greg Johnson have discussed our sales results in detail. So I won't repeat what they've said, but I will add additional comments to give perspective to what we saw in the marketplace in the first half of 2017. Those listening today who have followed our company and this industry for a long time know that we operate in a very stable environment. And that the highs for our industry are never too high and the lows are never that low. Regardless of the broader market conditions that might exist at any given time, we've always set a very high bar for ourselves and we're certainly not satisfied with the 1.7% comparable store sales growth results. In our day-to-day discussions our field management team from store managers up the chain to senior vice presidents, we never accept soft market conditions as an excuse for falling short of our goals. One of the most common mottos in our store operations group states that as long as there are customers' cars in our competitors' parking lots or there are other company delivery trucks dropping off parts to professional shops in our markets, we haven't captured all the business that we're entitled to and we're missing an opportunity to grow sales. This has been our philosophy since the beginning and it still applies to the current market conditions. In my 33 years in this business, we've seen many cycles of slower demand in our industry and we've seen strong demand return after these periods of sluggish growth. Just as importantly, we've seen time and again the opportunity that challenging market conditions can present for our company. Our focus on maintaining an extremely high standard of customer service when business is soft allows us to build long-term relationships, ultimately reinforcing our industry-leading position. To that end, while we're not pleased with our performance in the first half of the year, I can attest that our service to our customers has never been better and we won't let the current market dynamics provide a convenient excuse to fall down on the job of taking care of our customers every day. Now I'd like to spend a little time talking about our SG&A expense for the second quarter. Our SG&A, excluding the $9 million benefit Greg discussed earlier, was 32.8% of sales which represents a 55 basis point increase over the second quarter of 2016. The deleverage of our SG&A spend was the direct result of the top-line pressure to our comparable store sales results. While we're certainly not pleased with the deleverage of our SG&A spend, we're reasonably pleased with the expense control discipline our team showed by limiting the dollar growth in average per store SG&A expense in the second quarter to 1.2% as compared to the same period last year. These results reflect some reduction to our expected SG&A in response to the sales environment we encountered in the second quarter but does not reflect any dramatic adjustments which would negatively impact our customer service levels. Over the course of our time in this business, we've seen multiple examples where competitors have made significant cuts to SG&A, principally to store and field payroll, which negatively impacted their customer service levels. In each of these instances, we benefited maintaining our same level of customer service. Ultimately, our customers require a high level of service and we simply cannot justify to them a shortfall in service just because our sales are soft. To the contrary, our professional customers are encountering the same market conditions that we're experiencing and they react by working even harder to provide excellent service to their customers and they demand the same from us. Controlling expenses is a key focus of all of our teams and as we plan for our SG&A spend in the back half of the year, we will make only those adjustments that are prudent and won't negatively affect customer service. While we're reducing our guidance expectations for comparable store sales growth for the remainder of 2017, we still expect to staff our business to provide the customer service levels necessary to gain market share and grow our business. As a result, we're leaving our average per store SG&A increase unchanged at 1.5% to 2% in order to execute this strategy, although we now expect to come in at the bottom of that range. The revision to our full year operating margin guidance reflects this expected SG&A spend. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our store growth in the first six months of the year and our plans moving forward. In the second quarter, we successfully opened 46 net new stores, bringing our year-to-date total to 105 net new stores. We're well on our way to achieving our new store growth target of 190 stores for 2017. As we have for several quarters now, our store growth in the second quarter was spread across the country with openings in 23 different states. We remain pleased with the performance of our new stores which continue to open strongly as compared to both our historical averages and our internal expectations. We're very confident in the strength of the long-term prospects for our business and in our strategy of investing capital in new store growth at a high rate of return for our shareholders. Our success in opening profitable stores in new diverse market areas, as well as continuing to fill out existing markets we've operated in a long time, is a confirmation of the success of our business model. Our ability to leverage our extensive distribution network to provide industry-leading inventory availability allows us to replicate our success and capture market share as we expand into new markets. I'd like to conclude my comments today by again thanking our team for their continued dedication to providing the best customer service in our industry. The key driver of our past success is the hard work and professionalism of our team which will be the fuel that drives our growth moving forward. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and updated guidance for the remainder of 2017. For the quarter, sales increased $114 million, comprised of a $54 million increase in comp store sales, a $60 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $1 million increase in non-comp non-store sales, and $1 million decrease from closed stores. Consistent with our historical practice, we have included the results of the acquired Bond stores as a component of our comparable store sales percentage calculation starting in the first quarter. For 2017, we now expect our total revenues to be $8.9 billion to $9.1 billion, which is a reduction from our previous range of $9.1 billion to $9.3 billion as a result of our performance in the first six months of 2017 and our revised comparable store sales growth guidance range for the full year. For the quarter, gross margin was 52.4% of sales, an improvement of 60 basis points over the prior year driven by a substantially lower LIFO headwind in the second quarter of 2017. The LIFO impact resulting from continued incremental cost reductions was a headwind of $10 million in the second quarter of 2017 versus $23 million in the same period of 2016 when we realized significant cost reductions from a specific supplier negotiation. We're anticipating the headwind for each of the third and fourth quarters of 2017 to be approximately half of the second quarter amount but could see additional headwinds if cost reductions exceed our current expectations. I would now like to provide some additional details on the impact to our earnings per share from the new share-based compensation standard. As Greg indicated, we realized a benefit in the second quarter of $0.09 related to the application of the new standard which requires excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation payments to be recorded through the income statement. For us, this primarily relates to gains our team members realize upon the exercise of stock options where the company receives a corresponding tax benefit in excess of the previously estimated benefit recognized upon issuance of the equity award. Previously, these benefits were reflected directly in shareholders' equity and were not recorded through the income statement. As a result of the change in the accounting standard, our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 35.2% of pre-tax income, a reduction from 36.9% for the second quarter of 2016. Excluding the impact of this accounting change, our core underlying effective tax rate for the quarter was 37.3% of pre-tax income, in line with our expectations. For the full year, we continue to expect this core tax rate, excluding the benefit from the accounting change, to be 37.0%, with a lower expected core tax rate for the third quarter of approximately 36.4% in anticipation of the adjustments to our tax reserves for the tolling of certain open tax periods. Now we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results in the quarter and our guidance expectations for the full year of 2017. Free cash flow for the first six months of 2017 was $451 million, which was a $128 million decrease from the prior year, driven by an increase in our net inventory in the first half of 2017 compared to a decrease in the prior year. We are reducing our full year guidance to a range of $830 million to $880 million from our previous range of $930 million to $980 million. This reduction reflects a lower net income expectation corresponding to our revised total revenue guidance as well as lower projected AP as a percent of inventory. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $600,000 which was a 4% increase from the end of 2016, in line with our expectations for normal seasonal fluctuations. For the full year, we continue to expect inventory per store to grow approximately 1.5% to 2%. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate. And while we now project these growth rates will be similar for 2017, we remain confident in our effective deployment of inventory. Our AP to inventory ratio finished the second quarter at 104% which is down from 106% at the end of 2016 and was below our expectation as a result of the lower level of inventory purchases related to the soft sales environment in the first six months of the year. We would now expect this pressure to our AP percentage to persist through the end of the year in line with our revised total revenue guidance. As a result, our adjusted free cash flow guidance assumes our revised expectations that our AP to inventory ratio will finish the year at approximately 105% versus our previous guidance of 107%. Finally, capital expenditures for the first half of the year ended at $228 million, which is up slightly from the same period of 2016 and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx of $470 million to $500 million for the full year of 2017. Moving on to debt. We finished the second quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratio of 1.95 times as compared to our ratio of 1.63 times at the end of 2016. The increase in our leverage ratio reflects incremental borrowings on our newly expanded $1.2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility and an increase in the volume of share repurchases in the first six months of 2017. Our increased borrowings moved us toward our target range of 2 to 2.25 times and we would continue to expect to move into this range as timing is appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and year-to-date we've repurchased 5.3 million shares at an average share price of $253.13 for a total investment of $1.3 billion. During the second quarter, we repurchased 3.5 million shares at an average price of $245.26. Our average purchase price was driven by the completion earlier in the quarter of our targeted total dollar amount of repurchases, prior to the significant decrease in the price of our stock. While we did not anticipate the stock price decline in setting our buying grid program for the quarter we remain very confident that the average repurchase price is supported by expected discounted future cash flows in our business and we continue to view our buyback program as an effective means to return available cash to our shareholders. Finally, before I open up our call to your questions, I'd like to thank the entire O'Reilly team for their continued dedication to the company's long-term success. This concludes our prepared comments and at this time I would like to ask Victoria, the operator to return to the line and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks so much and good morning.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: My first question, Tom, is a follow-up on your last topic, which related to the buyback. You bought back a lot early in the quarter. I think this is the first time in a while that there had been no buyback subsequent to the end of the quarter. And I know the stock had already come under pressure at that point in time. So can you discuss the mechanics of the grid and of the program and where you are today? We know where you're leverage is but what your comfort level is with it and how you all would feel about moving into that range now given where the stock price is versus recent history.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. When we look at our buyback program, we have a certain period of time that we have an open window. As we enter the last three to four weeks of the quarter, we close trading but we file a 10b5-1 and we buy off a predetermined grid. So, if we look at this last quarter, when we filed our grid we had a certain amount of dollars of shares we were going to buy and we bought those dollars of shares prior to the reduction of the stock price. So in that closed period we can't adjust our purchases.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So you're able now to reset the grid, if you will, and start again? Would that be what you would expect to have happened in the ordinary course?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: So our open to buy period opens two days after our conference call and will close again about three weeks before the end of the third quarter and we will make daily market decisions on buying shares back during that period.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's super helpful. And then the follow-up I'd like to ask relates to your comments on Hispanic customers. It's obviously an atypical topic but it's been coming up from time to time. For you all to mention it, presumably you have an empirical sense that this has been a factor. So if you can talk about what you've observed, if it's on a regional basis and how one actually assesses that this is transpiring, and maybe how big of a magnitude that is in terms of the impact on the business?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. Well, to start, Matt, I don't have a measure of the magnitude but what I can tell you is that in our market areas that we know to be heavier Hispanic areas, South Texas, Arizona, Southern California, just those areas, not that there aren't significant Hispanic populations in other parts of the country but those are the most prominent. We've seen some unexplainable softness. And also the words we hear from the Street are that some of the Hispanic shops are not open. They've closed. There's just not as much traffic in those Hispanic areas as what there has been. And so we ask ourselves these questions internally and there's an organization called NPD that gathers data for all retailers and this observation applies not just to the automotive aftermarket but to other industries as proven by the data that NPD has gathered from a multitude of retailers which shows that these areas that are heavy Hispanic that there's been a decline in retail transactions not just in the Hispanic demographic but in general. But it's attributed to those being heavy Hispanic areas that is being attributed to this kind of decline in spending among the Hispanic population.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And has this trend been evident, Greg, through the fiscal year or did this particular piece of it accelerate in the second quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: It was talked about early in the year as a foreseen problem and as something that many observed. And then, I'd say, late in the first quarter NPD started talking about it and I think that now it's a pretty well-known observation among most retailers that it's a bit of an issue in these heavy Hispanic areas.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you for your take and thank you for answering my questions. Appreciate it.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Sigman from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is around the trend in July. So I think you said that the business is solid thus far in the third quarter. Does that imply an improvement from the end of the second quarter? And then if so, Greg, you highlighted a number of issues that are weighing on the industry. Most are not necessarily short-term issues so I guess the question is what could be driving that sequential improvement and is there anything specific that you're doing differently?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: The trend is alive (36:46). What we say is business has been solid. Yeah, we've had a slight improvement over the second quarter. We have confidence in our 1% to 3% guidance. We have tough compares on a three-year stack basis. That's why we feel confident that we will be on our guidance. As far as the drivers of the softness in our business, multiple factors, the weather theme cures, the vehicle population, the bubble I talked about in vehicles that were sold in 2008 to 2011, that cures over time. When there's economic uncertainty and consumers defer repairs, that cures. We felt we've benefited the last two or three years from some decrease in the amount of unperformed maintenance and we may be building more unperformed maintenance right now as a result of those deferrals. But we feel like that cures over time. The primary thing that we're doing right now that I think positions us better long-term is we're aggressively pursuing a more robust omni channel strategy. We want customers  as any retailer would, we want customers to see O'Reilly Auto Parts for what we are the same as if they walk in a store if they're on their phone or their computer at home or on their iPad or whatever it is. And I think the launch of our new website puts us in a much better position to show customers the quality of the company that we are and the levels of the service that we provide. But then secondly, as we position ourselves to execute our strategy from an online promotions and things like that and that's what we're in the process of doing. I don't want to go into a lot of detail about exactly what our strategy is because I don't want to tell our competitors what we're doing ahead of us doing it. But I will tell you that it's a primary focus of our company and I think it's one of the things that will help us drive improved comparable store sales in the future.
Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you for that. And then my follow-up question is around the growth algorithm for the company going forward. If we assume the 1% to 3% is the new norm for comps over the medium term, how does that play out from an earnings perspective?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: You want to take that, Tom.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. Seth, I'm sure we're not saying that our long-term growth rate is 1% to 3%. We're not going to set guidance beyond the end of the year. What I would tell you is that we are a company that opens a lot of stores and have a lot of immature stores and have a lot of growth potential in markets that we're not in. We're going to need to be in the 2% to 2.5% comps to leverage our SG&A. So our expectation on the medium to long-term is that we're going to be above that percentage.
Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, guys.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: How are you. I guess I'll address the elephant in the room here. There's obviously been a lot of handwringing regarding Amazon trying to get more aggressive in this segment. Given some of the product price differentials that we can see, do you guys envision a scenario where you have to enact some type of price matching program over time to protect market share, particularly in the DIY segment?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, here's what I would tell you. I think if a customer decides to buy an auto part online, which is not a new phenomenon. This has been going on for some time. I think that we're going to take the position that we need to have promotions and other venues on which a customer can buy a product online at a discount compared to what they would buy it for in one of our stores. I can tell you this. If a customer walks into our store and they are buying a product and they bring to our attention that Amazon or RockAuto or whoever it may be has it priced for less, obviously, they need the part that day and they want to buy it that day, or they wouldn't be in our store. We work with them to come up with a price that makes sense for them to walk out of the store with the part. We don't walk customers over pricing relative to Amazon and online pricing pressure.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So, Greg, with the growth of RockAuto and Amazon's, let's call it, increased penetration, have you had to work with more customers in terms of trying to find, make sure that customer doesn't walk back out the door?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Every single price override we do is heavily monitored. I get reporting on it. Jeff gets reporting on it. All of our SVPs, EVPs, we get detailed reporting and no it hasn't increased in the last six months over what it was in the six months prior. It's something that's been going on for some time, but it has not changed markedly in the last six months.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. It was mentioned earlier that for the first time in a while the professional business under-comped the DIY.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Hey, Michael, we can't hear you.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Is that better?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, I can hear you now.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: It was mentioned earlier for the first time in a while the professional business under-comped the DIY business. Do you think that there's evidence that you might be losing market share or at least not gaining market share at the same rate that you've been? And why or why not?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Hey, Michael, we lost you again.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Is that better?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, I can hear you now.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: So professional under-comped DIY, do you think you're losing share in the professional business? Or at least not gaining the share that you had been?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: No, we don't think that. Here's what I would tell you is that we  in every store, we know the shops around it very well. And what I can tell you is the shops aren't busy as they were at this time last year. There's just absolutely no question about it. I think that we've been able to defend and grow the wholesale business that we have, or the professional business that we have, and that that business has been a little slower this year than what it was last year. And I think the fact that our retail business grew slightly better from a comp store sales perspective than our professional business did just kind of lends to the fact that I don't think this decrease in comp store sales that we've seen this year is appropriately attributed to online for retail as the primary driver of the softness. And I think that the softness runs across both DIY and do-it-for-me.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Are you seeing any changes in the competitive...
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Michael, we can barely hear you.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: I'm sorry. The quick follow-up is are you seeing any changes in the competitive landscape on the professional side of the business?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We couldn't hear, Mike, I'm sorry.
Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. I'll follow up later.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Forbes from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Steven Forbes - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning. Maybe just a follow-up on that question there that Michael was asking. I mean, from your standpoint, you kind of look at what's going on in both professional and DIY, can you just remind us or I guess provide us with a little color on what you think the respective growth rates are for the industry by segment? Where are they running? How should we think about them as we look out, really maybe just for the remainder of this year?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I would say somewhere in the -- I think the industry's put out some reporting here recently that they said somewhere in the 1% to 2% range, something like that. I think the DIY would probably be the low end of that, do-it-for-me would be the high end of that.
Steven Forbes - Guggenheim Securities LLC: And then just a quick follow-up. You talk about investments and what you're doing proactively maybe with the website, so you think about the elasticity of demand and potentially driving an enhanced customer value proposition. I mean, are there other incremental investments that you think could have an impact on share? And then maybe just a second component of that is given the trends you're seeing across the industry, are you seeing signs that less well-positioned players or competitors are pulling back investments, pulling back on strategic and proactive investments to maintain profitability as you think about the evolution of the landscape here?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, I think there are always things that you can do to drive incremental market share. You can give up margin with national accounts. You can put more inventory in the stores. There's a point of diminishing return on inventory deployment, but the more inventory you have in an auto parts store, the more you'll sell. It's just a proven fact and we've always known this. But we feel like we're well positioned from a supply chain standpoint and that those kinds of investments in an aggressive sense just don't make sense considering the level of availability that we have today. I think what we're doing omni channel is a great investment and will be good for us. I think some of the things that we can do from a service level standpoint on the do-it-for-me side of the business relative to having better control and tracking of where our vehicles are. I think that's a positive thing. There are several things, minor things, that we are investing in that will drive better customer service levels, and that's ultimately the driver of sales growth in our business. And several things we'd work on. We don't just put them out publicly because we don't want to tell our competitors ahead of time what we're doing. But there are several things we're working on now that we feel like will drive incremental sales growth. As far as competitors pulling back on things, yeah, I think there's  I wouldn't call them investments, I would call them spend savings. But yeah, we have a major competitor who's cut their operating expense through field management in a pretty major way. And I would see that as having some impact on their ability to grow sales and provide the levels of service that maybe they provided before as they have taken advantage of the opportunity to control expenses a little better.
Steven Forbes - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, I guess a couple of follow-ups. One, you were asked about the pricing environment and how you would potentially match pricing, but I guess following up on that, have you seen any changes in the pricing environment or anybody getting more competitive, including either your core main competitors, someone like Walmart, some of the online competitors? Are you seeing anyone try to be aggressive on price?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Really nothing unusual. There's always promotions that go on. Especially when sales are soft, you'll see competitors that go out with -- for instance, R-134a, the refrigerant that runs the air conditioners in vehicles, it's typically sold in 30-pound cylinders. We've seen it being sold below cost on promotions here in the last month or so by some of our competitors. So, you see those kinds of things. And then also kind of a phenomenon that's happening in our business is we've  most of this has started hitting certain repair jobs like brakes, for instance. We now, and most of our competitors also, sell two rotors and a set of brake pads at (49:28) different levels of pricing that are discounted over what they would be if you bought just the components. And same thing for an air conditioning compressor job. We would include an accumulator and an orifice tube and a compressor and some flush in a kit and sell that at a price that would be discounted if you just bought the components by themselves. And our competitors do this also. So that kind of promotional activity has lowered prices a little bit, but that's not unusual. These kinds of things have gone on forever. Relative to Walmart and online, I would say nothing's really changed. Most of the online players. I mean, the only reason anyone buys something online, for the most part, is when it comes to auto parts, because in other sectors I think it's a matter of convenience because you don't need it right now and it's easy to order from Amazon or whoever and get it delivered to your house. In auto parts, a lot times  most times  it's needed right away. So the only reason you would consider online is price, and they've always been cheaper than the brick-and-mortar stores.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Makes sense. Sounds like a good deal. I'll have to pick up some of that R-134a, I think you called it. A follow-up. If one can assume that if it's promotional that might hurt gross margins, I understand you're investing in your stores and you're going to continue to do that. But if we look longer term, do you have areas of cost where you think you could potentially cut if needed, if there's any sort of pricing concern that occurs longer term?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We do. I mean, there's a lot of costs that are variable in our company that we could cut if we felt like that long-term we needed to do something to drive our profitability. Most of the things we do, because I feel like that we've managed the company pretty tight for a long, long time. Most of the things that we would cut would be payroll oriented and the biggest part of our payroll, of course, is in our stores providing customer service. And so, any of those cuts come at a cost relative to the level of service we're able to provide our customers and we would think long and hard before we would decide to make a material change there that would result in us not being able to be dominant from a service standpoint as we feel like we are today.
Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, understood. That makes sense. Okay. Thanks for the time, guys.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carolina Jolly from Gabelli, please go ahead.
A. Carolina Jolly - G.research LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure.
A. Carolina Jolly - G.research LLC: Just very quickly, Tom mentioned opportunities to enter markets that O'Reilly's not currently in. Given the industry weakness, have you seen any improvement in M&A opportunities or targets, especially in the Northeast? And then also just do you have any details around Bond Auto's performance for the quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, on the M&A environment, there's always companies that we're interested in and areas in which we don't do business. And I can tell you we're working on some things right now that we have not yet disclosed, but when we have certainty we will disclose those at the appropriate time. But, yeah, there's opportunities there that we work on ongoing. And, on Bond, we are now well through the inventory conversions. We still have some to do. We're not completely done, but we have reset all the stores to look more like an O'Reilly store and a lot of the merchandise changes that needed to be made to fit our model and our distribution and supply chain have been made. But there's still some ongoing. So, we're in a position now to start growing the business from where we're at. So, I would say the heavy lifting is, most of it is behind us, although we still have a little bit in front of us, but we're in a good position there to start executing our business model and start growing the business. And what I would tell you is that Bond performed very well on the do-it-for-me side of the business and they underperformed on the DIY side of the business. So, we're going to maintain and grow the business on the do-it-for-me side using all the tools that we provide, but on the DIY side we'll put those stores in a position to grow DIY business. And we expect good results from them in the next year or two now that we have them in a position to execute our business model.
A. Carolina Jolly - G.research LLC: Great, thanks for all of the color.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: You bet, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks a lot and good morning.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: My first question is just around some of the color I would love for you to provide around omni channel functionality. You talked about potentially having a new website with enhanced promotional functionality. Can you give some more color on that and also how you might reorient your stores to be more omni channel in nature?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure. Well, our new website launched earlier this month. It's just a lot cleaner website. It has what's called a responsive design so that if you  no matter what device you go to the website on, our servers detect the type of device and the size of the screen and the fit and the functionality to fit the device you're on, which is a big deal. So, those are just kind of primary platform type of things. The bigger changes are in the shopping cart and the ability for us to do some things that we couldn't do in our previous shopping cart. And we feel like that moving forward that allowing promotions that allow us to be more price competitive online will be important in light of the fact that there appears to be so much concern over the online players, the way they price products, and we see that, we hear it in our stores. We hear it from others and we want to make sure that we're in a position to serve customers regardless of how they want to buy a part, whether it's online or from us. One of the biggest factors when it comes to omni channel for us is the ability for a customer using a mobile device, for instance, to gather information, look up parts, and if they want to order the part and pick it up in the store they can do so. And a lot of the business that we do online with DIY customers is actually buy online, pickup in store. So, they can go online, buy it, print a ticket at the store. We have the part sitting there waiting with a receipt when they come into the store to get it and it just makes it a real easy transaction. So, those kinds of things are important to us and I feel like they're sticky when it comes to customers using us as a service for parts. And then also just having access to repair information and the things that they need to work on cars, including specifications, torque, the tools they need, stuff like that. So, we're just going to become much more engaged in using these devices to help customers do the things that they're doing when they buy products from us, and we're in the process now of executing a strategy that we have worked on for some time now. And the first step in the execution of that strategy was the deployment of the new website, which, again, has been active now for a couple weeks.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it, that's helpful. And could you remind us or give us some color as to what percentage of your online orders are picked up in the store and whether you're changing the process you use in the store to make it even more frictionless for customers to pick those up?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: 75% of it is picked up in store, the remainder is bought online. So, I think we have a pretty seamless process now. When a customer orders a part, buy online, pick up in store, it works pretty slick. There's not a lot we could do to make it work better unless we knew their license plate number and ran out and gave it to them when the pulled up or something, and we may do that someday. But right now, we're not doing that. They come into the store. I might mention, the majority of our online business is actually B2B. We have a huge business in B2B where we're integrated into the shop management systems. We have a great browser product that allows shops to order parts using a browser that we've deployed that allows them to see pricing and availability and get information that they might need to work on cars, and so forth. So, omni channel, both on the do-it-for-me side and DIY side, is a significant focus for us right now.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Helpful. And my last question is just around your labor management strategy. You talked about wanting to maintain high service levels even in a slower industry environment, but the number of employees that you have per store has declined about 3.5% for the last two quarters. So, is there a change of how you think about the mix of full-time versus part-time labor or any other changes to your labor strategy?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I think that over the last couple of years we probably  here's what I would say. Going back to when the Affordable Care Act was originally implemented, we had way less part-timers than what our competitors had and we decided maybe it would be  we should test having more part-timers and kind of pursue that strategy. We did that for some period of time and realized that while there's certainly a place for part-timers in our stores when it comes to drivers and merchandisers and just a variety of jobs that have to take place, for professional parts people, to become  or for someone to come to work for us and become a professional parts person, they really need to be full-time. So, I would say right now we're kind of headed back to a little more full-time than we were just a couple years ago. And is that maybe what you are seeing to some degree when it comes to the raw head count with the decrease you're referring to because we are simply working individuals more hours than what they previously worked.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Victoria, and we'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for their diligent work in providing the customer service levels that drive our business. We remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share in the remainder of 2017. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2017 third quarter results in October. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes this call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.
Analysts: Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Victoria, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Tom, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call we will discuss our first quarter 2017 results and our outlook for the second quarter and remainder of 2017. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind, everyone, that our comments today contain forward looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning in their positions is Co-Presidents are Greg Johnson and Jeff Shaw, and of course Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer is also participating, and David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman is also present. I would like to begin our call today by thanking Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our company's success and their unwavering commitment to providing consistently excellent levels of customer service to our valued customers. As we outlined in our press release and we'll discuss in our comments today, our top-line sales performance fell short of our expectations driven by challenging external factors we faced in the quarter, but our team remained diligent in executing our business model for the long haul by insuring we put an even more pronounced emphasis on our customer service levels during the quarter. Our Professional Parts people are the very best at what they do. And it's their contributions that have driven our success as a company and will continue to drive us forward as a market leader. Now, I'll make some brief comments about our quarterly performance before I turn it over to Greg, Jeff and Tom for more of a detailed overview. When we held our year-end conference call on February 7th, we established a comparable store sales guidance range of 2% to 4%, which was below our typical expectations of 3% to 5%. This was the result of the impact of the mild January temperatures as well as our belief that we likely saw some pull-forward of winter weather related sales in the December of last year due to the extreme cold weather we had in many markets at the end of 2016. Unfortunately, the seasonably mild weather continued in February and the resulting softness in our business was exacerbated by the delay of tax refund money to early filers, which as you know was deferred by several weeks this year compared to the prior year. We saw business improved markedly towards the end of February as our customers began to receive these income tax refunds. However, this positive trend was halted at the beginning of March as a result of cold wet weather, including late winter storms in many of our markets. This type of weather would have been a positive in January or February, but was a significant headwind to our business in much of March as customers awaited spring weather. When we look at our by-category sales, this unusual weather drove softness in weather-sensitive categories like engine cooling, rotating electrical and anti-freeze. On the tax return front, the delay in refunds was a positive to March, which despite the late winter weather was the strongest month of the quarter. But at this point, we believe some of the opportunity to capture a share of early filers' tax return money related to repairs needed due to extreme weather in some cases has been delayed. To be clear, many of the parts that might have failed in extreme weather will still fail. The failure has just been pushed into the future by the mild winter weather. Greg Johnson will discuss our sales expectations moving forward in detail when I turn the call over to him in a few moments, but I will say we view the challenges we faced in the quarter to be transient and believe the onset of normal spring weather will restore demand in our broader industry. As we noted in our press release yesterday, the shortfall in sales in the first quarter created leverage pressure on all areas of our business. However, even in light of these pressures, we were pleased that our team was able to continue to execute our expense control culture to generate a very respectable 18.7% operating profit. Unfortunately, our performance this quarter ended our incredible streak of 32 consecutive quarters of 15% or greater EPS growth. We are certainly disappointed to see this streak come to an end, but I want to take this opportunity to recognize and congratulate our team for this amazing run of generating outstanding results for our shareholders each quarter for the last eight years. While we are, obviously, not pleased with our comparable store sales performance in the first quarter. We remain extremely confident in not only our business model and industry-leading supply-chain, but also our team of outstanding Parts Professionals and the Team O'Reilly culture they live every day across our company. As we move past the short-term pressures we faced in the first quarter, we believe we are very well-positioned to grow our market share by continuing to leverage our industry-leading distribution model and providing the unsurpassed levels of customer service that has put us in the industry-leading position we've maintained the past several years. I want to, again, thank Team O'Reilly for your continued dedication to our customers. At this time, I will turn the call over to Greg Johnson to provide more color on our first quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of the year.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. To begin, I would like to echo Greg's comments and thank Team O'Reilly for their continued hard work and dedication to providing outstanding customer service every day. While we certainly aren't pleased with our comparable store sales results for the quarter, we know that market conditions we face in the quarter created significant volatility in our results, especially against the backdrop of very difficult comparable store sales comparisons of 6.1% last year and 13.3% on a two year stack basis. Our ability to still be able to generate positive comparable store sales growth despite the tough prior year comparisons and the specific headwinds in the first quarter is a testament to the quality of our team. I would now like to provide a little more color on the composition of our comparable store sales growth for the first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year. Despite the challenging conditions we faced in the first quarter, we were able to generate positive comparable store sales growth in both our Professional and DIY businesses. As we discussed in the past, any pressure to consumer discretionary income is more impactful on the DIY side of the business as these customers are often forced to repair their own vehicles out of economic necessity. This is reflected in our results for the first quarter as the delay in tax refunds, while a significant headwind to both sides of our business, was more impactful on the DIY side and resulted in comps to those customers underperforming our professional customer comps. However, the negative weather impacts that we saw throughout the quarter were felt on both sides of the business and we received consistent feedback from across our professional customer base that their business suffered from the lack of extreme weather and the slow start to spring. We saw solid increase in ticket average, but we experienced pressure in both DIY and professional ticket count comps as a result of the sluggish sales environment. As has been the case for several years, we realized no benefit from increases in selling price as inflation remains muted. As Greg mentioned earlier, we view the headwinds we faced in the first quarter as temporary. And we still feel confident we'll see favorable demand environment for the balance of the year that will enable us to deliver long-term profitable growth. We established our 2017 guidance based on the improved health of the overall economy, continued sustained improvements in employment, positive trends in miles driven, an aging and growing vehicle fleet and the ability of our team to deliver outstanding customer service. Despite the slow start to the year, we see all these drivers of our business as intact. We exited March on a more solid footing and we're performing within our expectations thus far in April. As such, we are setting our second quarter comparable store sales guidance at 3% to 5% and reiterating our full comparable store sales guidance range of 3% to 5% as well. Turning to our gross margin results, we finished the quarter with a gross profit of 52.5%, which was an increase of 10 basis points over the first quarter results from last year. This was below our expectations coming into the quarter due to mix headwinds from unseasonable weather, deleverage of fixed costs in our gross margin as a result of the soft sales, and larger than anticipated LIFO headwinds, however, we believe that the pressure caused by these specific challenges we faced in the first quarter is temporary and we are leaving our gross margin expectation for the full year unchanged. Looking specifically at gross margin for the second quarter, our 2016 second quarter resulted  our second quarter results included a larger than normal LIFO charge related to acquisition cost reductions from a specific vendor negotiation last year. While we still see significant year-over-year benefit in our gross profit percentage as we calendar this item from last year, we do expect second quarter 2017 gross margin percentage to be slightly below our annual target, as a result of the seasonal mix of our business. However, we still expect our full-year gross profit to be within our original guidance range of 52.8% to 53.2% of sales. During the quarter, we generated earnings per share of $2.83. As noted in our press release yesterday, these results included a $0.23 benefit from a change in accounting related to the tax benefit from stock option gains, which Tom will discuss in more detail later. Excluding this change, our EPS fell well short of our guidance range as a result of the sluggish sales and corresponding leverage pressures on our business. While we are not satisfied with our results thus far in 2017, we remain confident the challenges we faced in the first quarter are temporary in nature and that the remainder of the year sets up well for us to achieve our planned growth and profitability and deliver a full-year operating profit within our original guidance range of 20.1% to 20.5% of sales. We are also reiterating our full-year EPS guidance range to $12.05 to $12.15 and establishing our second quarter EPS guidance range at $3.10 to $3.20. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to, again, thank our team for their hard work and dedication to our company's continued success. We remain very confident in the long-term drivers for demand in our industry and we believe we are very well-positioned to capitalize on this demand as we move forward in 2017 by consistently providing industry-leading customer service and parts availability. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. As both Greg and Greg have stated, we certainly faced a tough market environment in the first quarter. Our team's consistent industry-leading performance over our history has set a very high bar and we were disappointed that we weren't able to deliver our typical mid-single digit or better comparable store sales. However, our team hasn't wavered in delivering exceptional service to each of our customers and we're as committed as ever to rolling up our sleeves and out-hustling our competitors to earn our customers' business each and every day. Now, I'd like to spend a little time talking about our SG&A expense for the first quarter. As we've discussed several times in the past, we manage our SG&A spend with a long-term focus and won't make drastic changes to slash SG&A expenses on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Instead, our teams remain very focused on expense control every quarter, but are judicious in managing our store staffing levels to ensure we don't jeopardize the excellent customer service that develops and maintains long-term relationships. No other expense more directly impacts our level of customer service and each store's ability to grow our business than store payroll. And our store operations teams use a number of tools to manage store staffing and productivity on a store-by-store, day-by-day basis. Ultimately, we're in the customer service business in a highly competitive industry and the primary reason for our customers choose to do business is the level of customer service they receive. As a result, we take a prudent approach to adjusting staffing levels in our stores over time and won't allow soft patches to result in dramatic short-term swings in store payroll as this will damage long-term relationships. With this objective in mind, we're pleased with the expense control focus our team showed in the first quarter, with our average SG&A per store up only 1.4% over the prior year. Below our initial expectations, as our team made the appropriate adjustments, while still delivering on the excellent service our customers expect. The deleverage of our SG&A expense, we saw in the quarter, was a byproduct of the sluggish sales environment and we're confident that we'll be able to leverage our SG&A expenses in line with our previous guidance as comps improve, which has led us to keep our operating profit guidance unchanged for the full year. We continue to expect our full-year increase in average SG&A per store to be approximately 1.5% to 2% for the year and we'll continue to make the appropriate adjustments as needed to prudently manage SG&A expenses both up and down to match business trends and the opportunities that we see in the marketplace. We successfully opened 59 net-new stores during the first quarter, with our new store performance within our expectations given the broader demand environment. During the quarter, we opened stores in 25 different states with the highest concentration in some of our newer growth markets in the Southeast and Northeast, as well as continued growth in existing markets such as Texas. We continue to see great opportunities to open new stores across our coast-to-coast footprint and this diverse growth profile allows us to develop and train great teams of Parts Professionals who are ready to provide top-notch customer service from day one. The strong start to our new store growth in 2017 puts us well on our way to our full-year growth target of 190 net-new stores and provides us with the flexibility we need to devote significant resources in the remainder of the year to converting the Bond stores that we acquired in December. We just recently completed the store systems conversions and are now servicing each of the acquired Bond stores with five-night-a-week delivery from our Devens distribution center. We're now servicing approximately 142 stores out of this facility with the capacity to service an additional 145 stores and we continue to view the Northeast as a very favorable expansion market. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to thank our team for their continued dedication to providing the best customer service in our industry. Clearly, we began the quarter in a tough weather environment, knowing we were facing very tough comp comparisons, and the external market conditions didn't improve to give us much of an opportunity to make up ground during the remainder of the quarter. However, our teams just redoubled their efforts and worked that much harder to take care of our customers and still were able to continue our string of generating positive comparable store sales in-spite of the industry-wide headwinds. I'm very confident that we have the right team in place to continue to provide unwavering customer service and lead our industry. And I look forward to our opportunities to take market share as we move through 2017. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the remainder of 2017. For the quarter, sales increased $60 million, comprised of $32 million increase in comp store sales, a $56 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $25 million decrease from one less day in 2017 as compared to Leap Day in 2016, a $2 million decrease in non-comp non-store sales, and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. Consistent with our historic practice, we have included the results of the acquired Bond stores as a component of our comparable store sales calculation starting in the first quarter. For 2017, we continued to expect our total revenues to be $9.1 billion to $9.3 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 52.5% of sales, an improvement of 10 basis points over the prior year. As we've seen for the last several years, our first quarter results were impacted by LIFO headwinds resulting from continued incremental acquisition cost reductions. The headwind was $7 million in the first quarter, which was higher than we expected and we were anticipating a similar headwind in the second quarter. I would now like to provide some additional details on the impact to our earnings per share from the adoption of our new share based compensation accounting standard during  we adopted during the first quarter of 2017. The new standard requires excess tax benefits related to share based compensation payments to be recorded through the income statement. For us, this primarily relates to gains our team members realized upon exercise of stock options, where the company receives a corresponding tax benefit in excess of the previously estimated benefit recognized upon issuance of the equity award. Previously, these benefits were reflected directly in shareholders' equity and were not recorded through the income statement. With this change in accounting standards, we saw reduction to our effective tax rate to 31.2% of pre-tax income, which drove a $0.25 benefit to our earnings per share results for the first quarter. This benefit was partially offset by a $0.02 EPS decrease from an increase to our diluted shares outstanding calculation, also required by the new accounting standard, resulting in a net $0.23 benefit to EPS for the quarter. Excluding the impact of this accounting change, our core underlying effective tax rate for the quarter was 37.3% of pre-tax income in-line with our expectations. For the full-year, we continued to expect this core tax rate, excluding the benefit from the accounting change, to be 37%. With the remaining quarters being relatively consistent with the exception of the third quarter, when we adjust our tax reserves for the totaling (21:00) of open tax periods. In line with our normal practice, our earnings per share guidance for the remainder of the year includes all of the shares repurchased through this call but does not include any future share repurchases, and also does not include any future potential benefit from the accounting change for options beyond the first quarter of 2017. Now, we'll move onto free cash flow and the component that drove our results in the quarter and our guidance and expectations for the full-year of 2017. Free cash flow for the quarter was $243 million, which was $141 million decrease from the prior year driven by an increase in our net inventory in the first three months of 2017, compared to a decrease in the prior year. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $588,000, which was a 2% increase from the end of 2016. For the full-year, we continued to expect inventory per store to grow approximately 1.5% to 2%. Our ongoing goal was to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate. And we expect to continue our success of effectively deploying inventory in 2017. Our AP-to-inventory ratio finished the first quarter at 104%, which is down from the 106% at the end of 2016 and was below our expectations, as a result of the lower level of inventory purchases related to the soft sales environment in the quarter. As we move into our busy summer selling season, we expect to see our AP-to-inventory ratio to build through the balance of the year and to finish in line with our previous guidance of 107%. The compression of our AP-to-inventory ratio was the primary factor driving the decrease in our free cash flow for the first quarter. As a result, we are reiterating our full-year guidance of $930 million to $980 million, which reflects our full-year expectation of a modest increase in our AP ratio. Finally, CapEx for the quarter ended up at $111 million, which was up slightly from the first quarter of 2016 and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx at $470 million to $500 million for the full year of 2017. Moving onto debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.69 times, which is consistent with our ratio at the end of 2016 and still well below our targeted range of 2 to 2.25 times. Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we completed a new credit agreement, which established a $1.2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, replacing our previous $600 million facility that was set to expire next year. We were pleased with the execution of the agreement and the additional liquidity we added will allow us more financial flexibility. We continue to believe our stated leverage range is appropriate for our business and will move into this range when the timing is appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and year-to-date; we've repurchased 2.1 million shares at an average price of $266.87 for a total investment of $566 million. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means to returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business at a high rate of return. And we will prudently execute our program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns for our shareholders. Finally, before I open up the call for questions, I'd like to thank the entire O'Reilly Team for their continued dedication to the company's long-term success. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask Victoria, the operator, to return to the line and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning, guys. A couple of weather questions and I'm sure not the last of this call. The March to April shift, is that simply the timing of the DIY spring business overall? And then related to that, I believe April is the second easiest monthly compare behind May with a tougher June. So you talked about the quarter or April running in line with expectations and mentioned 3% to 5%. Does that suggest that it's within that 3% to 5% range or should we think about it being better given how the business is shifting and the compare overall?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: What I would say first about the March to April shift, as spring time gets your DIY customers start to do repairs on their cars more prevalent and some of the damage that was done in the winter they start repairing as they're able to work on their cars outside and so forth. And that's one of the reasons we see the increase. Last year, our best month of the quarter was June, second was April, third was May. So we're comparing and there wasn't that much difference between April and June but June was the best. So we're comparing against a healthy month last year in April. What I would tell you about our first quarter and kind of our progression into second quarter is that looking at our first quarter the damage was done in February. The period of time that we compared against the period last year where the early filers had their tax refund money and they did not this year. Those few weeks there were pretty big declines in our comp store sales, really on a weekly basis some of the biggest I've seen. It just clearly showed us how much difference it makes when you compare a period where lower income consumers have money in their pocket that they didn't have the week before and that was significant. We progressed out of that, kind of hit a weather block in March as some of the markets that are weather sensitive had kind of a late winter. And then the trend we came out of March on was healthy and the trend that we've been on so far in April has continued. There's a little bit of noise in April this year with the misalignment of Easter, but the trend that we've been on makes us feel confident with our ability to achieve the guidance range that we issued of 3% to 5% for both the second quarter and for the full-year, considering that all the fundamentals that we look at relative to miles driven, age of vehicles, unemployment, fuel price stability, things like that, we just reasoned that our industry wouldn't have a reasonably good year. And like I said, the trends that we've seen thus far in April give us confidence in achieving that.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, a little bit of parsing on the numbers. So you guided  you kept the 3% to 5% for the year after the 0.8%, the 3% to 5% for  and you issued 3% to 5% guide for the second quarter, so is there some sort of expectation that you could be sort of the north end of that 3% to 5%, or a 4% to 6% in the back half to end up solidly in that 3% to 5% range.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, if we just  yeah, there would be some expectation towards the back half of the year that we would generate towards the upper end of that range. But we wouldn't have to generate much towards the upper end of that range to get in the 3% to 5% range for the year. But, yeah, there would have to be some of that.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: The other thing that I would point out, Chris, is our first quarter is our lightest quarter both from a daily sales volume and the number of stores in the comp base. So as we roll through the year each quarter, especially the second and third quarter count substantially more towards the full year.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. Thanks very much, guys.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay, thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Hi, I had a follow-up and then another question. Just to make sure I got  interpreted that right. So what you've seen so far in April is that you are actually in that 3% to 5% range? Just to make sure I got that clear, Greg.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, what I would say because we have a displacement of Easter coming into the second quarter. We had an uneven compare between the quarters as to where Easter fell in the years. So what I would say is that  and to quantify that for such a short period of time is a little bit difficult because you don't know what we would have done had we not had Easter this year. But what I would say is, is that we're pleased with the trend we're on and the trend that we're on would lead us to having confidence in achieving the 3% to 5% range for the second quarter.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: And it sounds like February  in terms of in the first quarter, February was a negative month and the other two were positive?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: That's correct. Yeah. January was positive. March was the best month of the period. February was negative, which is the first negative month that I remember for a while, but  and it wasn't just a little bit negative. It was a reasonable amount negative due to the two weeks in the middle of the month where the tax refund comparison was significant. And we had a couple of rough weeks there.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Got it. And so then my  the actual question I had was stepping back a little bit. Can you just remind us in terms of understanding the customer, trip down to DIY side, what sort of demographic they look like and taking the weather out of it, but just what sort of drives demand? How much of the business is cash business? I think I remember it being something like 30% compared to  it's a lot different than a lot of other retailers. So if you could help us understand that customer demographic in the tender form, I think, that will be helpful.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, I'll make a few comments, and I think Tom wants to make a couple of comments. Our typical DIY consumer would be a lower income consumer who is driven to work on their own cars out of economic necessity. They're typically  we target generally speaking in our advertising efforts males from the age of 18 to 54 because they're typically the most driven to work on their own cars and try to do things that some may not try to do when it comes to DIY repair. But typically they're incentivized to work on their own car because of economic need and they're trying to avoid paying labor to shop to do so. And Tom, you may have something to...
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: On the question on tender. It's heavily cash and then when we look at cards presented, there are many more debit cards presented than actual credit cards.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: So, a majority of the DIY business is cash or just  is my 30%, a good guess or?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I don't have the percentages sitting in front of me.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: But if we take cash and debit cards, so it's coming straight out of the account. It's significantly higher than that.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Got it. All right, thanks. I'll give someone else a shot. Good luck, guys.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Rifkin from BTIG. Please go ahead.
Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC: Thank you very much. So, Greg, your guidance of 3% to 5% comp in both 2Q and the full year certainly underscores your belief in the business. But is there anything incremental in the last quarter that leads you to believe that the competitive dynamic versus Amazon or e-commerce overall is any different than what you've said 90 days ago? And then I do have a follow-up.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: No, Alan, there's not been anything happen that would cause us to think that. As a matter of fact and really more because of the noise that has been generated with some of the analyst's reports and so forth. And I totally understand it relative to the disruption that some of the online retailers have caused with other brick-and-mortar retailers. I've spent some time talking to some of our supplier principals who might sell online retailers, which we obviously don't care for that that much. But still some of them that make sense for them to sell online retailers and work to protect the price at which the products are sold and so forth. But, and I think  I've known a lot of these guys for a long time and I have every reason to believe that they would shoot me straight relative to the amount of volume they do with some of these online retailers. I think that most of you would be really disappointed to hear what some of the suppliers that you might think would be major suppliers to online retailers, the amount of volume they're actually doing. And that volume is not on a ramp up that I think some of the commentary would lead people to believe. So while I  there's obviously products, especially accessories and some of the more ancillary products that go on cars, there's obviously a marketplace online that will serve them. But for the majority of our business in hard parts, I don't feel like that we're exposed much to online retailers and I don't see that changing in the short-term.
Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then my follow-up, Greg or Tom. So your guidance 90 days ago for the full year was $12.05 to $12.15, which you're now reiterating. What is the impact in the new number that you're issuing today, $12.05 to $12.15 from the change in the accounting principle? What will that number be for the full year? And then just to confirm, the Leap Day which cost you $25 million. That correlates to about 120 basis points. Would it be correct to assume that just that one factor alone would have led you to put up a 2% comp rather than 0.8%? Thank you.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. On the full-year guidance, obviously we were short of our expectations in the first quarter absent the comp change in accounting. However, when we look at our full year guidance and maybe I could have been clearer in the script, our full-year guidance includes the actual tax benefit experienced in the first quarter. So, we've got the headwind from the missed x (35:42), the change in accounting for options. We've got the positive from the options and we've got some positive in the last three quarters of the year for the shares we bought in the first quarter that weren't included really since our last conference call. So that's how we bridge back to the same EPS. So our expectation is that  or we have not given any guidance for what the gain will be from the new accounting for the rest of the year. And we'll obviously continue to report those separately. Same way we look at share repurchases. We will buy some shares back between now and the end of the year, but we don't include that in our guidance. On the second question, could you remind me of what that was?
Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC: The Leap Day. Did it cost you 120 basis points to the comp, Tom?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: It did not. Leap Day was excluded from our comp calculation last year. So when you look at the 6.1% comp we put up in the first quarter of 2016 that excluded Leap Day. When we talk about the total sales, obviously I denoted those in my script. That rolls into the total sales. And I think as we commented on last year's call, it was about that additional day has a great flow through because so many fixed costs, we don't pay more for the extra day within the month added about $0.05 to EPS last year.
Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Alan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kate McShane from Citi. Please go ahead.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you for taking my question. Not to beat a dead horse but I do believe there was some delay in the tax refund last year, certainly not to the extreme that we saw this year. Can you remind us what impact you saw last year as a result of that?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Tom, do you know the answer?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, we saw  last year when we look at February, and the tax return timing, we were also very fortunate that weather was very spring-like and we were able to capture quite a bit of that money when people had money in their pocket right away. Weather was beneficial to go out and work on your car which this year it was not, but we didn't quantify the exact number just saying that February was our strongest month last year.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And do you have a sense of what the industry was down in February as a result this year?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I think we'll anxiously await our other public competitors to report and take a look at that.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just to wrap up this question. Just given the impact which seems to be much more negative for DIY in February, I assume the bigger lift that we will see for the rest of the year will be coming from DIY in your guidance?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We would expect to continue to see some bounce back, but the weather factor, a cool winter and a late start to spring as Greg comments, you'll really weight on both sides of the business.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Kate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Sure.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: One of your competitors referenced, I guess, the difference between national accounts and tire stores et cetera versus general repair shops. Have you seen anything similar in your business?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Jeff, you might have a comment on that, but I don't think we've seen much difference or any that would be significant. I think that all of us work to gain market share with the national accounts. And I don't think we noted a difference. Jeff, did you see anything?
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: No. No, I think the traffic would be fairly similar across those accounts.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, that's helpful.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I think generally speaking, across our business we saw the pressure from the milder winter which would not drive demand for the winter sensitive products, and then the late tax refunds during those weeks in February where that was comparison issues.
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. The other thing I might mention, Greg, is we have put more of a focus on the national accounts over the last couple of years and those accounts are still trending up with us.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, so we're gaining market share with those guys, yeah.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: That was actually my follow-up question and I'll hop-off. But, now that you're in the Northeast, now you clearly have planted more flags, you're coming from the Southeast, you truly are becoming more national. Can you talk about your conversations with some of those national installers and how those are changing given your increased presence?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, I think we're doing a good job with them. We have got a team just like our competitors do that focuses on developing relationships and establishing purchasing relationships with those guys and, yeah, we feel like we're doing well. We feel like we're gaining market share on that side of the business. Some of it you want and obviously some of it our competitors want worse and they might sell them at a price that we might not be willing to. But in many cases we're able to get the business. And long-term the people that run the individual shops are looking for the best service providers. So I think that more often than not we win on service but you first have to have a relationship with the company that enables the systems to be integrated for ease and processing transactions at the shop. And we've gained some market share there the last couple of years and would expect over the next few years as we become more national by having a significant presence in the Northeast that we'll do better with those types of businesses.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Thanks. Good luck next quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, good morning. So March and April, clearly, picked up and it sounds like some of it was tax refund. But I guess what gives you confidence that we're just not seeing the other side of it now, meaning there was some pent up demand? And then could April's run rate be influenced by that, in other words, what makes you feel or is there any evidence to give you confidence that this is a new sustainable run rate and not just a bounce back from some pent up demand?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, Simeon, what I would say is just that the things that in the past we've looked at that have been drivers of demand or have been detractors from demand. Those fundamental factors are positive right now. And so all the things that we would look at that would indicate industry demand should be healthier, maybe not so healthy, they're all healthy right now. So I think that we have to feel like that generally speaking demand this year would be reasonably good. Now, that's not to say that our crystal ball is any better than yours, but we have been in this business a long time and have seen the ups and downs with the different vehicle population, gas prices, miles driven, things like that. And all those things are positive, indicating that demand should be good. So while there's no question that there could be some benefit to deferred maintenance and repairs from maybe the March weather and so forth that could have pushed business into late March or early April. It's hard for us not to feel like the fundamental drivers of demand in our business are very positive and we would expect the year for our industry to be a reasonably positive year.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. And I think though you mentioned you are seeing, I don't know if it's spring-related or early summer-related or spring-related business start to come into the mix. I don't know if that could be an indication of it. I don't know if I caught that earlier on the call.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, we're  in most markets we're into spring time and we're starting to see the DIY maintenance type business that you would see and the shops are busier. We work very close with many of the shops that we partner with, and the shops businesses are picking up as they do every spring. And so yeah, we're seeing more typical spring time demand, early spring time demand as we would see every spring right now.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And just my follow-up is just on inflation. We hear from some of the oil companies are starting to see price increases, I think fuel's been inflationary. Are you seeing any signs on the input side three months, six months, a year out from now?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. Greg, you may have a comment on that just from a supplier pricing standpoint, and then Tom, you can speak to it from a raw inflation standpoint.
Gregory D. Johnson - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, a lot of our commodities do fluctuate based on oil, for example, metals, things like that. So we do typically see fluctuation in prices based on lead pricing for batteries, things like that. We have seen some movement in base oil pricing over the past quarter and  but we don't  you never know what the future brings, but we feel like we've taken the bulk of that or at least we hope we have in the first quarter. And we've been able to pass some of that along, some of it we're still looking into (44:55).
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: When we look from a macro standpoint across all our products we continue to expect to have more LIFO pressures. We're going to have a similar number here in the second quarter we saw in the first quarter, those deals have already been inked. Could have come back a little bit from increases in oil, yeah, but we have pretty good visibility going forward. And we'd expect to continue to see in aggregate minor LIFO pressures, again, in the third and fourth quarters built into our guidance.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Could you talk a bit about regional performance too, I guess given the fact that some of that mild weather more significantly impacted Northern states. Are you seeing the correlation in weather in the various markets?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, yeah, I mean, we definitely had disparity on our regional performance. What we would say is that the markets that we would consider to be weather affected versus the markets that would be maybe not weather affected. And that's not a clear line, but we do our best to draw that line. That difference will be just slightly less of 400 basis points of difference. What I would tell you is that in the first quarter, our Western stores performed materially better than the East Coast stores relative to that because the East Coast stores are, obviously, more sensitive to weather and the West Coast stores less. Although for some period of time in the West, they had torrential rains that were impacting the business. I think we would have done a lot better out West if it hadn't been for the significant rainstorms that they had. But still even with that the West performed better than the East and the North of course.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then a question, I guess, sort of housekeeping. The first quarter, obviously the earnings were within the guide but had the not operating positive, but you kept the EBIT margin guide constant for the year. So, I guess you must have some confidence that the operating improves? I guess, Tom, that was more tax impact on the stock based accounting not EBIT impact?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: That's correct. We still feel like with the comp range that we're anticipating and the SG&A spend we're anticipating and the gross margin. We're going to continue to be in the same operating margin range and don't feel the need to change it.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Great. If I can squeeze a quick one in, on the Bond stores you announced that the integration is progressing. Could you give us any color on how those stores are performing?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We're happy with them. I would say that they're comparable from just a sales cadence standpoint to the stores that we have in the Northeast that have been somewhat weather affected, but yeah, we're happy with them. They're great teams at those stores. They're going to do much better with our inventory assortment and availability of our Devens distribution center inventory mix, which is a substantial increase in SKU count from what they were supplied by before. So, yeah, we're happy with them and we think they should continue to do well. The conversion just took place last weekend so they now have all of the availability tools that we will ultimately provide them and as they get used to that and trained in using those we would expect this to be a great summer and fall for them.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Bret. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Wewer from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Greg, wanted to ask if there were any company-specific issues that adversely impacted sales in the first quarter or competitive changes. The reason I'm asking is the comp sales gap between O'Reilly and NAPA narrowed in the period compared to past levels.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: One would think that the tax refunds and so forth impacted both companies about the same.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: What I would tell you, Dan, is that there's not a day goes by that I don't have a conversation with someone hear about something, I think, could improve. And the job that Greg and Jeff and Tom and the rest our executive team do is that same way. We're very critical of ourselves. So what I would tell you is that we always feel like that we have opportunities to improve but there's been nothing changed relative to the opportunities that we have to improve relative to what we see at our competitors and the gap that should exist as a result of that. So I think my answer is no there's been no significant change and I wouldn't reflect our underperformance on comps in the first quarter to anything company specific here, although we always see opportunities to improve. We spend a week every year gathering input from our field as to the things that they feel like we can improve on and the competitive pressures that they might feel, and then we bring all of our executives together every year and come up with solutions to those and put a plan in place, and how we're going to resolve and correct those things. And it's just been a focus from way back when they were a private company and the family owned the business they did that, and we've continue to do that as a publicly traded company. And we feel like it serves us well. So do we have our opportunities? You bet we do. Do we feel like we're the best in the industry at what we do? Yeah we do. I think what we do is pretty incredible and I don't think there's been anything changed on that front.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And also Tom, I wanted to follow up on Bret's question about the EBIT guidance. Given the share count that you're using now for the annual EPS forecast and excluding the lower tax rate, is it fair to say that your EBIT guidance towards that low end of that range of 20.1% instead of the mid or higher end?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: When you work through the math of where we are and kind of look at our guidance through the end of the year, we're going to be pressured below the midpoint at this point. Obviously, our goal is to get it back up to the midpoint.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great, thank you.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks so much and good morning. I have two questions. The first is a financial one probably for Tom. If you could update us on what you're thinking is for the impact of LIFO on a full-year basis, I think at the end of Q4 you indicated that it would be about half of what it was in 2016. So is that still the case? And also just to clarify when you talked about half the impact was that essentially in total dollar terms?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, we were looking at  when we started the year we were looking at a LIFO impact between $20 million and $25 million for this year. I'd say based on having a higher first quarter number than we anticipated, which we talked about, we'd be in the higher end of that range.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. But still directionally if you were $49 million last year kind of the mid-$20s million is still a reasonable place to think about?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes, sir.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then secondly, curious what you are seeing in your own online efforts in terms of DIY and commercial, whether one piece of the business or another is gaining more traction? And what you see consumers responding to as you test and learn about what the appeal is, and the desires from your customers to interact with you online?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah. Matt, this is Greg. From a B2B standpoint, we call our product First Call Online, which as you may know a lot of our Professional businesses done under the name of First Call for the most part. That business is awesome. We've do a  we've done an incredible job for a long time incentivizing and getting use from our professional customers of our B2B platform, which can work as a browser based product or it can be and is integrated in with many of the shop management systems. And a lot of our orders come from our customers via that platform and that's a growing platform that we'll continue to grow as we continue to enhance it with better features and benefits as we move forward. On the DIY side, we have a substantial business but we feel like we could do better. And we've got a lot of work underway right now to re-platform both our website and our mobile site to do some things that we would like it to do that we think would be more customer friendly. As online retail has been talked about, it's hard for us not to think that we would be  if customers are going to buy wiper blades, for instance, or an accessory, or something like that, that we might stock or have available from someone online. I mean, who better to buy it from with the 27 distribution centers across the country that know these products and can help them with these products. So we've got a substantial effort underway right now to improve our B2C business. And like I said, we have business, it's a nice business, but we feel like we could do more than what we are doing. And more than anything we view ourselves as building an omni-channel business, so that our customers when they go on our website or our mobile site see the same O'Reilly Auto Parts that they would see if they walked into one of our stores. So that's a significant project for us right now. And when I talk about the strategic goals that we have for the year that we set each year that I mentioned in response to one of the questions a moment ago that's one of our strategic goals. I think that if you look at our site a year from now you would be impressed with what it looks like then as compared to what it looks like now. And now it's pretty good, but I think it can be a lot better.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks so much, Greg.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: You bet. Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes  we have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay, thanks, Victoria. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly Team for their diligent customer service in the first quarter. We remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share for the remainder of 2017. I would like to thank, everyone, for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2017 second quarter results in July. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer Jeff Shaw - Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Carolina Jolly - Gabelli Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Dan Wewer - Raymond James Alan Rifkin - Barclays Seth Basham - Wedbush Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Bret Jordan - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Call. My name is Richard, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer Session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'm now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our fourth quarter 2016 results and our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2017. After our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain certain forward-looking statements and we intently covered by and we claim that protection under safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, belief, expect would consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts' fourth quarter conference call. Before we begin our discussion of our fourth quarter results and our plans for 2017, I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss the announcement we made in our press release yesterday of the promotion of Greg Johnson and Jeff Shaw to co-Presidents of O'Reilly. As we've discussed many times in the past, our company is promoting within philosophy and our deliberate commitment to succession planning are highly critical components of our strategy to build the very best team in our industry. In conjunction with that strategy, we are extremely pleased to have Greg and Jeff assume the elevated leadership roles of co-Presidents of the company. Greg and Jeff have both proven time and again their exceptional leadership qualities and their contributions over the last three decades are a reason why O'Reilly consistently provides excellent service to our customers and generates the best results in our industry. Greg and Jeff truly are our long-term success stories. Greg began his career with Mid-State Automotive Distributors as a part-time distribution center team member 34 years ago, and officially joined Team O'Reilly with our acquisition of Mid-State in 2001. Over the years, Greg has held key positions in information technology and throughout our distribution operations group where his leadership has been instrumental in the development of our industry leading network of 27 distribution centers before taking on as current broader role as executive Vice President of supply chain. As co-President Greg is now responsible for the company's merchandising, inventory management, advertising as well as the added responsibilities for information technology, legal, loss prevention, risk management, human resources and finance. Jeff's career with O'Reilly began 27 years ago, when he joined the company as a part specialist at one of our stores in our hometown in Springfield, Missouri. During his tenure with the company, Jeff has served in every leadership role in our store operations group from store manager to his current role as Executive Vice President of store operations and sales. And he been instrumental in several acquisitions during his tenure beginning with the key role he played in first major acquisition of Hi-Lo Auto Supply in 1998. Now as co-President, Jeff is responsible for the company's store and distribution, operations teams as well as expansion, acquisitions and real estate. Again, I could not be more proud of the many years of service Greg and Jeff have provided our company. And I am excited about the leadership they will provide to team O'Reilly in their new roles as co-Presidents. Greg and Jeff are on the call with me this morning along with Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer and David O'Reilly, our executive chairman is also on the call. I'm once again pleased to be in our call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another strong year in 2016. We finished the year off with a comparable store sales increase of 4.8% in the fourth quarter, which matched our increase for the full year of 2016. The solid 4.8% comp store sales growth for 2016 was at the high end of our guidance of 3% to 5% and came on top of 7.5% and 6% in 2015 and 2014% respectively. Our ability continues to grow our business and capture market share year in and year out is a testament to our team's commitment to providing excellent customer service and I want to thank each of our team members for their dedication to our company's long-term success. For the fourth quarter, we grew total sales by 7.7% and for the full year, we generated 7.9% total sales growth. Our ongoing focus on growing sales profitably and controlling expenses translated our solid top-line performance into a record fourth quarter operating profit of 19.4%. For the full year, we generated a record operating profit of 19.8%, which was a 77-basis point improvement over 2015. During the quarter, we generated earnings per share of $2.59, which represents an increase of 18% over the prior year. This quarter represents our 32nd consecutive quarter of EPS growth of 15% or greater, excluding the atypical tax benefit in the third quarter of 2015. For the year, we generated EPS of $10.73 which was an increase of 17% over the prior year. This year represents our eighth straight year, we have generated annual EPS growth of 17% or greater. And this remarkable track record of strong, consistent earnings growth is the reflection of the effectiveness of Team O'Reilly's customer service oriented culture, our dual market strategy and our focus on profitable sustainable growth. When we look at our sales performance for the quarter, we saw solid demand to start the quarter in October. November was a little slower on the DIY side of the business, as we saw headwinds to our business in the time period around the presidential election and due to the lack of cold weather across many of our winter sensitive markets. However, with the onset of colder temperatures in December, we drove a stronger sales trend to finish the year. As we saw in the third quarter, the composition of our comparable store sales growth in the fourth quarter was very balanced with our professional and DIY side of our business, both contributing equally to our comparable store sales growth. For the full year, we saw steady increases in both comparable ticket average and transaction account with a slightly larger contribution from our professional ticket count, although our DIY ticket count growth continues to be solid. The increase in average ticket continues to be driven by the secular industry driver of parts complexity with no health from increases in selling price as inflation [ph] remains muted. On a category basis, we continue to see solid performance in key hard part categories such as brakes and chassis. With the onset of cold winter weather in December, our weather-related category such as batteries and HVAC performed very well. The lingering effects of last year's mall winter which caused the gap through most of 2016 between the stores and weather effected regions and the rest of the company have now seized to exist as winter weather returned in December. For 2017, we are establishing comparable stores sales guidance of 3% to 5%. Over the past three years, the improving health of the economy and increase in employment and the associated increase in commuter miles has been a key driver of the growth in miles driven, which are up 3% year-to-date through November 2016 after seeing an increase of 3% in 2015 and 1.7% in 2014. In developing our guidance for 2017, we expect for these gains to be sustainable and to see additional positive tailwinds from a modest increase in miles driven, as employment remain stable and the macroeconomic environment gradually improves. We expect to see continued growth in miles driven specifically in the population of the ad of warranty vehicles as better engineered and manufactured vehicles are capable of being reliably driven at higher mileages if reasonably maintained, which is being proven out in the continued stable low scrappage rates. Our guidance expectations including assumptions that our customers will see some pressure from increases in gas prices. However, even with an anticipated increase, gas prices are still low in relative terms and we believe consumers will be able to readily adjust. Finally, our comparable stores sales expectations assume inflation will remain muted, as we have seen for the past several years. To the extent that we begin to see inflation on our industry, our sales will benefit from rising selling prices. Against the stable industry backdrop, we are extremely confident and our teams commitment to providing the highest levels of services in our industry and our ability to continue to gain market share. Our first quarter represents almost difficult comparison for the year on a two and three-year stack basis, as we compare against the 6.1% and 7.2% comparable store sales increases we generated in the first quarter of 2016 and 2015 respectively. Our first quarter is also typically the most volatile from a weather standpoint as January and February, our lowest volume months can be impacted by the severity of winter weather. December severe winter weather drove strong demand for our products that as we started up 2017 to mile their January temperatures resulted in software demand. However, we still have at least a month of winter left and the timing of the arrival of the spring has a big impact on first quarter results. As a result of these factors, we feel it is prudent to establish our comparable store sales guidance range at 2% to 4% for the first quarter. We are establishing our full year 2017 operating profit guidance at a range of 20.1% to 20.5% of sales. The increase over the prior year is driven by gross margin improvements which Tom will discuss more in detail in a moment offset by some SG&A pressure, which Jeff will cover. For earnings per share, we are establishing our first quarter guidance at $2.78 to $2.88 and for the full year, our guidance is $12.05 to $12.15. Our guidance includes all the shares repurchased through this call that does not include any future share repurchases. Before I finish up my prepared comments, I would like to again thank our team for another outstanding year in 2016. 2016 marks O'Reilly's 24th year as a public company, and we have grown comparable store sales and set record revenue and operating income in each of those 24 years, because of your consistent dedication to providing industry leading service to all our customers every day, and I am extremely proud of the job all of you do and I am confident 2017 will be another recording setting year for Team O'Reilly. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg and good morning, everyone. Id like to begin my remarks by also congratulating team O'Reilly on another strong year in 2016. Once again, our teams focus on providing top notch customer service allowed us to generate comparable store sales that led our industry. Im especially pleased with our teams consistent execution of our dual market strategy. Your commitment to building and strengthening relationships with our professional customers allowed us to continue to win share and move up the call list especially in our newer market areas, by your outstanding service to our DIY customers also drove improve traffic and allowed us to gain more of our fair share on that side of the business. Now, we'll spend a little time talking about our SG&A expense in 2016 and our outlook for 2017. For fourth quarter, we levered SG&A by 47 basis points driven by our strong sales results and expense control for the quarter. For the full year, we'll levered SG&A by 31 basis points, excluding a year-over-year benefit of 24 basis points as we calendared an adverse judgment in 2015. With the 2016 improvement also driven by comparable store sales results near the top end of our guidance range. Our increase in average SG&A per store for 2016 was 2.1%, which excludes the adverse judgment headwind in 2015. As we discussed last quarter, we manage our store level expense to ensure we provide excellent customer service that developed and maintains long term relationships. Given additional headwinds we faced this year from healthcare and credit card cost, we're pleased with the improved operating margin our team delivered in 2016. Looking forward to 2017, we expect per store SG&A to grow at 1.5% to 2% for the year as we expect to see continued pressure from increasing wage rates, higher expected medical cost, additional investments in our internal information system capabilities and cost to convert the acquired bond stores. As we saw on 2016, this is our current plan, but it could change as we will continue to prudently manage SG&A expenses both up and down based on ongoing sales trends and the opportunities we see in the marketplace. For the quarter, we open 69 net new stores bringing us to our goal of 210 new stores for the year. During 2016 we opened new stores in 39 different states and we continue to be very pleased with the performance of our new stores in both expansion and backfill markets. As we discussed on our last call, our plan is to open 190 net new stores in 2017, which is below our typically new store target as we plan to develop significant resources to converting the bond stores we acquired in December. We will again spread our new store openings across our footprint with plan new store openings in 37 states. Our growth will be concentrated in our newer expansion markets in the Northeast, Florida, in the mid-Atlantic supported by our recent DC additions in Devens, Massachusetts and Lakeland, Florida in our upcoming expansion in 2017 in Greensboro, North Carolina. In 2017, we will also see continued backfill and existing markets in Texas in the Great Lakes supported by our newer DCs in San Antonio and Chicago as well as several other markets across the country. Our organic growth plans in 2017 reflect the continuation of a consistent strategy weve deploy throughout our history. The key opening great new stores and taking share in new markets is to develop strong store teams which live the O'Reilly culture and provide excellent customer service and to support those teams with the critical tools they need to take care of their customers. We have a distribution capacity throughout our chain which allows us to spread our store growth across the country, so we can take the time we need to put in the best team in place when we open a new store. The significant investments we made in our expansive supply chain infrastructure also ensure stores have the parts they need that compete in each of our markets. From day one, every new store even a store at our brand-new market area for O'Reilly receives access to the broadest parts availability in the industry, including five night a week delivery from a distribution center usually supplemented with multiple daily deliveries from a DC or a hub store. It is an easy or inexpensive to provide this level service to our stores and it certainly isnt easy to replicate. But providing the best parts availability to our customers is built into our culture as well as our business model. Our ability to control expenses and efficiently execute our intensive supply chain strategy while still expanding our distribution network and adding new stores is a significant competitive advantage. As Ive said in the past, there is a tremendous amount of work that goes into opening new stores in DCs and I'm proud of the great work our entire team does to support our growth. Finally, Id like to finish up today by providing an update on our previously announced acquisition of Bond Auto Parts. We closed on the acquisition in early December and were very excited about the great professional Parts people who have joined our team and the outstanding opportunity we have to grow on the solid foundations of success, the Bond family has established in New England. Over the course of our history, weve proven our ability to very effectively acquire existing store chains, implement our dual market strategy and instill the O'Reilly culture in the new store teams. One of the best results of these acquisitions have been the outstanding leaders weve added to our teams. In fact, many of the members of our senior management team have joined O'Reilly as a result of the prior acquisition and were confident that were building a great team in the Northeast. Ill close my comments by again congratulating Team of O'Reilly on their strong performance in 2016. Our team continues to set the standard for our industry and our most difficult competition every year is outperforming the high bar we set for ourselves. Every day, we must continue to provide unwavering customer service that surpasses expectations and continues to earn our customers business and I'm confident we have the team in place that has service our competitors and take market share again in 2017. Now, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks Jeff. Id also like to congratulate all the Team of O'Reilly of another outstanding year. Now, well take a closer look at our fourth quarter results and provide some additional guidance for 2017. For the quarter, sales increased a $150 million comprised of $91 million increase in comp store sales, a $59 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $1 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and the $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2017, were establishing our full year total revenue guidance at a range of $9.1 billion to $9.3 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 53.1% of sales and improved 35 basis points over the prior year in line with our expectations as we continue to realize the benefit of acquisition cost decreases we secured earlier in the year and the LIFO headwind was minimal in the fourth quarter. For the year, gross margin was 52.5% of sales an improvement of 22 basis points over the prior year. this was right in the middle of our beginning year guidance with 52.3% to 52.7% as weve benefited from better than expected acquisition improvements and leverage on distribution cost offset impart by fully year LIFO headwinds of $49 million which exceeded the prior year amount by $21 million. Looking forward to 2017, we expect gross margin to be in the range of 52.8% to 53.2% of sales. The improvement as a result of anniversarying the significant LIFO headwinds in 2016 with a lower expected LIFO headwind in 2017 while annualizing the acquisition improvements from the last year. We assume price in the industry will remain rationale. Our effective tax rate for the year was 36.6% of pre-tax income which was in line with our expectation. Looking at 2017, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 37% for the year, with the increase driven by a lower amount of benefit from certain work tax credits. On a quarterly basis, we expect the rate to be relative consistent with the expectation of the third quarter being slightly less as we adjust our tax reserves for the tooling of open tax periods. These estimates are subject to resolution of open audits and our success in qualifying for existing job tax credit programs. For the year, free cash flow was $978 million, which was a $111 million increase from the prior year, driven by increase income and a larger decrease in net inventory. Our guidance for 2017 is $930 million to $980 million which at the midpoint is slightly below our strong 2016 results, as we expected decrease in our net inventory investment on a year-over-year basis will be less, offset impart by our plan increase in net income. Moving to inventory per store. At the end of the quarter, it was 575,000, which was flat compared to the end of 2015. Our ongoing goals to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate and were pleased with the management of our inventory in 2016. However, as Greg discussed earlier, we finished the year on a strong sales trend which put us in a favorable inventory position at the end of the year. Accordingly, for 2017, we expect our per store inventory to increase by 1.5% to 2%. This growth rate is still below our comparable store sales growth estimate and we expect to continue our success as effectively deploying inventory in 2017. Our AP-to-inventory show finishes the fourth quarter at a 106% which was an increase of 7% over the prior year as we benefited from incrementally improved terms and solid sales volumes. For the year ended 2017, we expect to see a marginal improvement in our AP-to-inventory ratio to approximately a 107% as we incrementally improve our vendor terms but face structural and pediments took further significant increases in our - percentage. Capital expenditures for the year, ended up at $476 million which is right in the middle of our guidance. For 2017 we are forecasting CapEx of $470 million to $500 million. The minor increase is driven primarily by the conversion of the acquired bond stores, increased investments and our over the road vehicle fleet and store technology infrastructure upgrades, offset impart by a reduced number of new stores. Moving on to debt. We finished the fourth quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.63 times, still well below our targeted range of 2.25 times. We continue to believe that our stated ranges appropriate for our business and well move into this range when the timing is appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and for the calendar year 2016, we repurchased 5.7 million shares for an aggregate investment of $1.5 billion at an average share price of $264.21. Since the inception of our buyback program through yesterdays earnings release, weve repurchased 57.9 million shares for an aggregate investment of $7.1 billion at an average share price of a $122.91. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash for our shareholders after we take advantage opportunities to invest our business at a higher rate of return and we will continue to prudently execute our program within emphasis on maximizing long-term returns for our shareholders. Finally, I would like to once again, thank the entire Reilly team for their continued dedication of company success. Congratulations on another outstanding year. This concludes our prepared comments and at this time I would like to ask Richard, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question on line comes from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matt Fassler: Thank you so much and good morning to you.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Fassler: My first question relates to tax refunds and the cadence thereof. Is this something that you think may have started to impact your business quarter-to-date at this stage? And is this your sense that in achieving in time that youve essentially resolved by the end of the March quarter?
Greg Henslee: Yeah, I think it is something that, late in the quarter so far has had some impact because the early viler which are doing the most economically incentivized customers to get their money as quick as they can that we would have seen some benefit in that last year towards the end of January, 1st of February. We have not seen that yet because of the delay. I think most of that trues up for the end of the quarter, but I dont really know for sure, but I would suspect that most of the trues up by the end of the quarter.
Matt Fassler: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up, this relates to LIFO. It sounds Tom, LIFO I think you said negligible in Q4. Obviously, it had some impact in understanding the cadence. Of course, margin pretty consistently over the past several years. As you think about the outlook for '17 based on what you see for pricing, based to raw material costs, should this be close to zero for the year or more like close to what we had seen in prior years, ex that both that you had in early '16.
Tom McFall: We still have a few opportunities that were working on. And a couple of them are pretty significant that we know about right now. Our expectation is that were going to see about half as much LIFO headwind in 2017 as we saw in 2016.
Matt Fassler: Thats comparing against '16 as reported with those couple of big numbers.
Tom McFall: Correct.
Matt Fassler: Great. Okay, thank you so much, guys.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Mr. McAllister from UBS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. So, your guidance assumes that conference will accelerate as you move out of the first quarter, beside from the weather and slightly easy comparisons to maybe some of the tax issues, is there anything else that you see that should drive the acceleration and if there is going to be snow in the Northeast in the next day or two, but if this is the last blast of winter, how long will that act as an overhang for the industry?
Greg Henslee: We had some pretty good winter weather in December. So, I dont think that the lack of winter if we dont have much more winter weather, it would be as potentially impacting as it was related to last winter. So, we expect it to be a little bit more of a normalized spring and summer related to winter weather, that'd be said it will be seven-month winter to go. So, its yet to be seen, but there are some pretty mild trends going on. Our expectation is that the fundamentals of our industry, our confidence and our ability to continue the cadence that we're on from a comp store sales perspective under more normalized conditions, but we were not comparing to these tax delays and stuff like that that were in. So, well get back to kind of the comp store range that would be in that 3% to 5% range and we feel confident at this point for the year that we would end the year in that range.
Unidentified Analyst: And my follow-up question is Greg youve been around the industry for a long time and there is obviously you see a lot of attention on some of the emerging competition within the place. What measures are you watching to ensure that the marginal demand for the industry particularly on the DIY side, isn't moving online and becoming more sensitive for price transparency. If that becomes a risk, how do you expect yet?
Greg Henslee: Well - we, and I've been a little surprised by the interest that there has been in the transition to online recently. We've not seen much in our business that led us to be very concerned about it. But we have read a lot of the reports and I saw the thing in the New York Post and stuff like that. There really has not a lot of change in RM, our best barometer of that is we have a lot of field guys that - me and Jeff, Greg and Tom and everyone in our management team know very well and we encourage them to be outspoken with us about competitive pressures that they feel. And we've just not seen a change in that competitive pressure. Customers would tell you, or you would hear things from them about their concerns, things like that. Were in a business and I don't want to go into a lot of detail about the things that we bring to the table that may be an online retailer wouldn't, but these online retailers have been around for a long time and I realized that Amazon is the strongest and the best run and I obviously have a lot of respect for them and I am a customer for household items and other things. But one of the things that - or some of the things that are a barrier to entry for these guys are that we're in a very technical business. We - let's talk about the DIY side for a minute. When a customer has a problem with their car, whether it's a - their car won't start - let's say they don't really know what's strong. They know, it could either be a battery or alternator or a starter motor, thing jump start their car or something that get it to our store, we're going be able to tell them what's wrong, what's a store and tested we'll help install a battery, we will get him lined up with the technician to help solve their problems they can. Many times, our problems are - what I call drive ability problems, related to sensors or emission system things that cause the check engine light to come on or a variety of things. We have highly experienced trained professionals in our stores, they help them solve these problems. Many times, customers, when they come in to buy a part, they dont really know it's part called, they think it's bad, it looks bad, we'll test it for them, we may lead him down another path. I mean it's just, it's a highly technical business. And then on top of all that, learning and developing the science, to know what inventory you need in different markets, takes time and experience and that's the reason that our company, one of the reasons, we've done so well because we've been so good at that, plus there is almost 36,000 part stores in the U.S. it's very convenient to get parts and there is a high immediacy of need, when you have a car problem. Not that there aren't accessories and other things that can wait and do on the professional side, which there has been some talk about, what an online retailer could do on the professional side. And gosh, I can see that so difficult for them to penetrate, when I think about the relationships, that we have with our professional customers and the dependency that they have on us, to provide them training and guidance and access to tools and the equipment to keep their tools running and their equipment running. And how quickly they need parts and how if they - they're not sure, maybe modeled your change, where a car might take one of two parts will send them both and bring the other one back, we'll match up parts for and just - the list goes on and on and on of the things that we do, plus we're making a distribution center inventory available to them in many markets, six times, eight times a day, which is - I think that the online retailers while though - as they have proven over the years, they will continue to take a little bit of market share here and there. I don't see them nearly as one of our most prominent competitors.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Ms. Carolina Jolly from Gabelli. Please go ahead.
Carolina Jolly: Hi. Thanks for taking my call.
Greg Henslee: Sure.
Carolina Jolly: So, I mean, after that question, I really wanted to ask, if you have any data around, where you are taking shares and since it really seems like you are able to take share and if you can to do - that do-it-for-me versus that do-it-yourself segment?
Greg Henslee: Well, I think that do-it-for-me business is growing a little faster than on a macro basis than the DIY business and considering that we're comping about the same on both, I would speculate that we're gaining a little more share on the DIY side right now than we would be on the do-it-for-me side. Geographically, we performed well in many markets, generally speaking where we are growing the fastest in our expansion markets, like in the Southeast and the Northeast and areas like that, where we - are stores are newer and we have more to gain from competitors who have business already and we're in there - trying to get all business we can. So, I would say in those markets is that we're gaining most of the market share.
Carolina Jolly: Thanks. And just a follow-up on that, a lot of the data that's also been spoken about is that you have better fill rates. All right? I don't know if you're able to speak to that but are you also able to gain share to do better fill rates and previously you have spoken about, I guess picking up do-it-for-me talent do you have any comments around that?
Greg Henslee: Yeah. I think we have an incredible fill rate. We - our business is built around this high availability model, making sure that we have a lot of SKUs available on a same day basis, multiple times a day. And I think we're the - I think we're the best in our industry at making a wide array of parts available to our customers and it's one of the reasons that our company has done as well as it has over the years. And this goes way, way back, this is not a new thing. I think when the O'Reilly family was running the businesses of small company; they quickly recognized that if you have a part in, get it to the customer quickly than everybody else that youre going to win. When it comes to that via talent or creating, the second part of your question was about that. I think that we are a desired employer, I think that people that no parks and are good parks people, they like to work for us and we equipped them with the tools that they need to be successful and you know one of the most important tools that we equipped them with, is this availability that were talking about and its hard to be a great parks person, if you dont have access to the parks and we put our professional parks people in a position to where they have excellent access to a wider ray of parks to take care of our professional customers and our DIY customers.
Carolina Jolly: Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Mr. Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mike Baker: Hi, thanks guys. I wanted to ask you a couple of questions on pricing. First you said, you not expecting or dont have any inflation in your comp estimates, but what about inflation on oil and other sort of liquids and lubricants, shouldnt we expect some inflation there and if so will that help incrementally to your comp guidance?
Greg Henslee: Tom will take that.
Tom McFall: Were not very good at projecting our commodity cost, to the extent that we do see some increase and we would expect to see some increases as oil prices go up that we have some - headwinds from reducing acquisition cost on hard parts that we would expected to net up, but we dont anticipate seeing a wide enough effect on products to have inflation help drive our comparable store sales this year.
Mike Baker: And so, I guess similarly there wouldnt there much impact on your gross margins from that type of inflation?
Tom McFall: Correct.
Mike Baker: Okay. And then on the other side of the - pricing. I hear you saying about online competitors perhaps not taking a lot of market share but do you still think that with the prices ability thats increase now from some of these competitors, there is no pricing pressure, I understand that, consumers need to come in to stores for the advice and one up but do you expect to see consumers come in with pricing for them in one and sort of insist you guys to match that price?
Tom McFall: I think that overtime, as price transparency on equivalent product continues to increase, thats likely to happen and I think it happens some today and we equipped our team members with to how to deal to that, how to deal with that, we dont let our customers that needs apart leave our store without that partner hand.
Mike Baker: All right, so at this point is there any hit from the incorporated in your gross margin outlook or is too small to matter now. So, how should we think about that ongoing?
Tom McFall: Its too small to matter now.
Mike Baker: Okay, thank you. Appreciate the color.
Tom McFall: You bet. Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Mr. Dan Wewer from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Dan Wewer: Thanks. Greg the Greenfield store growth rate slows in 2017, is that a signal that O'Reilly wants to maintain the flexibility and the way the capacity to make it a small acquisition such as bond in the upcoming year?
Greg Henslee: Well, really moving to 190 was simply to better accommodate the integration of bond with the teams that we have to put in new stores that as you know Dan, we are opportunistic and somewhat aggressive right now with looking at companies that we feel like would be good fits for us and several the smaller regional players out there that many would fit well in our geography and fit well in our business. So yeah, we are in a good position to continue to our strategy of acquiring companies that make since force in 2017 and beyond.
Dan Wewer: I know, during the past couple of years you talked about the difficulty in securing real estate and whether this has that eased out anything for you?
Greg Henslee: Well, I mean its a challenging real estate market, there is no open retail watches wait for us to come along, so you had to be pretty creative in the way you put a new store. Then of course, cost is a factor, so you have to be a little more confident sometimes in the amount of volume that you can do in a location if youre going to take on the - that it sometimes takes a fair bit. I think we have learned a lot as these Florida, the Northeast and - real estate and I think our position of there is incrementally improving that no question, real estate tough is there, makes a little more advantageous for us to consider some of the acquisitions that we could potentially make up there, as exemplified with what we did with VIP and now with Bond.
Dan Wewer: And as the follow-up question. The vehicle miles driven data for the last couple of years have shown a lot more strength in the western markets than in the upper Midwest and then the Northeast and that seems to be correlating with industry sales trend as well. Would you expect the revision to the main where the upper Midwest and the Northeast industry trends would improve relative to the west going forward?
Greg Henslee: I don't know it's always tough to determine the drivers of miles driven differences between regions at the country. That Tom or Jeff I don't know if you guys have an answer to that but I don't know I have a better opinion on that?
Jeff Shaw: So, what we would tell you is that the accuracy of that data while we think it directionally is a very good parameter for us. It regional exact miles there are lot of estimations going to that calculation. But from a long-term perspective I think it has more to do with where is the population growth in the US. And that ultimately will drive the miles driven differences in the regions.
Dan Wewer: That's a good point. Thank you.
Jeff Shaw: Okay. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on the line comes from the Mr. Alan Rifkin from BTIG. Please go ahead.
Alan Rifkin: Thank you very much. Could you may be provide a little bit color with respect to the free cash flow guidance for 2017, why given at the high end that would be flat versus '16. Why would that not continue to grow in '17 and beyond. And I have a follow-up, please.
Greg Henslee: The key difference there is just the expected year-over-year increase in our AT to inventory ratio that we saw 7% increase in 2016 over 2015. And our expectation is that while we will increase it somewhat we won't see that 7% increase therefore we won't drive as much reduction in working capital.
Alan Rifkin: Okay. And then my second question and then if you can maybe provide Greg an update on what's happening in South Florida, how many stores you have there today, how many you'll forecast of this '17 openings. And then also as a wider picture and now certainly Jeff and Greg's promotions are obviously well deserved and congratulations gentlemen. But Greg does this signal any intention on your part to doing it in different with your longer-term career at O'Reilly.
Greg Henslee: Okay, well I'll answer that question first and then talk about Florida. It really is recognition of the leadership roles that these two individuals play in our company. They do a great job, I'll be 57 years old so I won't be CEO forever, but I have no immediate plans to not be CEO and when that time comes it will be announced and we'll do it the right way. I don't think that long-term I could proceed a time that I wouldn't be involved with the company right now. So, we're talking down the road if any will happen. So, I wouldn't - like anything that we've done with Greg to Jeff to something like that. In Florida, today, we have 163 stores most of which are supplied out of Orlando. We continue to progress that leave that stores bumping up against for Water dale, Miami. So, our expansion in that area has been significant and very successful. We continue to have great success with the new stores we've opened down there. We've been very fortunate that we're sometime that to have a great team of auto parts guys down there that are able to recruit good auto parts guys. And we have some strong regional competitors down there that we feel like we've done well against. So, we continue to grow and have continued expansion plans down there this year. A material part of our new store openings this year will be in Florida.
Alan Rifkin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Alan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Mr. Seth Basham from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot. Good morning and congratulations to Jeff and to Greg. My question is around omnichannel. You mentioned that you're ramping up some investments in information systems. Can you speak more broadly where those are and what your omnichannel strategy is going forward?
Greg Henslee: Tom, you want to take that?
Tom McFall: Sure, when we look at our investments in IT. It's across a broad spectrum of things. we are going to launch a new website beginning of the second quarter, which is the step in the right direction for us from an omnichannel standpoint. Our real goal is to make sure that we have a seamless transaction. However, our customers would like to start the transaction often in our business it starts with looking up a part online, finding out what you might need, what the availability is, making sure that we can transition, the start of that transaction and pull it up in the store, make sure we identify the customer, make sure we can maintain visibility of what type of vehicles they work on and really maintain that connection with the customer, as Greg talked about earlier, our customers are permanently coming to our store for advice, so if they start online, we want to be able to continue that transaction in the store.
Seth Basham: Thats helpful. As a percentage of your business where is it now, and what do you think it will be in five years in terms of the transactions that are started online?
Tom McFall: It continues to be a relatively small portion where - right now we are tracking primarily order online pickup in store, our opportunity there is to better tie when our customers are looking at availability and looking up parts and getting information how to repair their vehicles, obviously primarily DIY side, and making sure we maintain that data for when they come in to the store, right now if they dont actually transact online, we're not capturing that when they walk in the store, but a high percentage of our customers are investigating their fixes online.
Greg Henslee: And Seth, if I can, this Greg. If I can add something to that a pretty material part of our B2B business is transacted online, it has been for some time, we were one of the first companies to go to a - online type of ordering platform back pre-internet, we did it using what they call ASCII terminals back in the day at 1200 about modems and in a workforce, and so we've continue to build on that and today a material part of our B2B business is transacted online.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Simeon Gutman: Thanks. Good morning and congratulations Greg and Jeff. My question first for Greg, there has been a lot of noise around the segment lately, we talked about online, I think tax was mentioned, even you mentioned whether, I feel like a lot of the noise is louder outside of the industry, I think your guidance projects calm and steadiness, just wanted to get a sense is there anything sort of - missing, underlying trends seem fine, you talked about miles driven thing, can you just sort of assess, I dont know current state anything you havent said already?
Greg Henslee: I think Ive said everything. Ive been, and we were just chatting amongst ourselves here before the call, wondering if we be asked Amazon, because just something we were with our annual meeting with our store managers this week and we talk about lot of things, we've got a lot of tough competitors, I have yet to invite anyone talk to me about Amazon, as a competitor, online competitors. And I know that theyre there. It's just not a big factor right now from a competitive standpoint, not that it can be in the future and I obviously have a lot of respect for the great company that they build and again Im a customer like most people. I think the things we've talked about just tough year-over-year compares to first quarter, mild weather in January and this delay in tax refunds are the reasons that we have the 2% to 4% comp guidance for the first quarter. And I would refrain from reading more into it and just that.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. And then I dont know if this was asked, but if you think about, if you look at your next year, full year guidance and the composition of industry growth versus market share, you mentioned higher gas prices could pinch them at a little, I dont know if that near to get three to five is still impact, but does anything change in how you expect the industry to grow or as how much share you expecting in 2017?
Greg Henslee: No, I think the cadence of industry growth and I think our success in taking market share is in addition to that growth is pretty comparable in 2017 versus 2016. The challenge for our industry ongoing and this has been a challenge for some time now is that is cars become more complex, we have to work harder to make sure that we're in a great position to keep customers that have cars out of warranty from going back to the dealers in choosing the aftermarket shop grew by parts from us and our competitors. So, I think that as an industry we better continue to work to keep that business coming our way because as the cars become more complex, it becomes more and more difficult to build these parts and so forth, I think our industry has done great that when I talk to our suppliers tonight that will be one of the things that I talk to them is just the investments, that we all have to make and making sure that we're in the best position we can possibly be to compete against our real competitors in the aftermarket and that is the OE dealers.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Henslee: Thank you, Sammy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Mr. Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Greg Henslee: Good morning.
Tom McFall: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: It's my last question your response with the cadence of industry growth in 2017 comparable to 2016. Will it be more similar to 2012 or we had a very weak - very weak winter and we had a weak year in 2012 and some pick in 2013? Do you think - we don't think we're going to see acceleration in 2017 industry wide?
Greg Henslee: I am hopeful we do, Bret. And I agree with you that very probably it would be a little more - more comparable to that. When we talk about industry growth, I usually rely on what the associations kind of project and so far that the people I have talked with various associations are projecting growth, similar to what we would have seen last year, but Tom you may have some input on that.
Tom McFall: Bret, what I would tell you is that, when we look back at 2016, the second quarter and third quarters were - they were solid quarters for us. When we go back to 2012 they were a little bit weaker than that. So, that's why we think we're going to be more of a consistent basis and that's why we've given three to five guidance versus kind of that gave that comparison to 2012.
Bret Jordan: Well that sort of leads on other my questions. On '14, you talked a couple of times on the - about the market share gain. On Q4, how did you see the underlying industry growth versus your comp, I mean it seems like the industry didn't - certainly didn't grow as well as you did last year, but do you have a feeling for what the spread might be market share versus just the rising time?
Greg Henslee: Do you have a comment on that?
Tom McFall: We're going to watch and see, how other people in the industry do here later in the month and they would have a better answer for you.
Greg Henslee: Bret, I don't mean to over simplify this but you always look what the association say about industry growth and kind of various indicators, you can get through industry associations and so forth, my most direct comparison is with our publicly traded competitors and the privately-owned companies, some of which I know the principles finding, how they're doing and comparison to how we did. And as you can see that comparison is less of the conclusion that we've gained quite a bit of market share over the last few years and under existing circumstances, I see no reason to think that will continue through 2017.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then one last question, I think in our prepared remarks, you said that the gap in regional performance had ceased to exist is that the case and I guess, as we look at what we've seen in January ROE sort of just because we've lost some of the winter in the Northeast seeing a little bit of a slight back up here or is there anything meaningfully going on in different regions?
Greg Henslee: Well, we always have regional variations for a number of reasons, including the AJ stores that exist in some regions versus others and things like that. What we were saying is that the difference that we felt like was driven by winter sensitive markets or weather sensitive markets, as compared to those that might not be so weather sensitive that towards the end of the quarter, we saw that gap go away, to the extent that we have mild weather continue through the remainder of the winter.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Richard. We'd like to again conclude our call by thanking our entire O'Reilly team for our strong 2016 results. We're pleased with our solid fourth quarter and full year results and we remain extremely confident, in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share in 2017. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2017 first quarter results in it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.
Analysts: Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Michael Montani - Evercore Group LLC Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Incorporated third quarter earnings release conference call. My name is Adrian, and I'll be your operator for today's call. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you, Adrian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our third quarter 2016 results and our outlook for the fourth quarter. After our prepared comments, we will host a question and answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor Provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce, Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, and Greg Johnson, our Executive Vice President of Supply Chain are also present. I'm once again pleased to begin our call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another solid quarter and strong year-to-date results. Our team made up of over 74,000 dedicated team members, now across 45 states, continues to earn our customers' business and gain market share by consistently providing unsurpassed levels of customer service. This unwavering commitment to customer service drove our third quarter comparable store sales increase of 4.2%, which continues to significantly outpace our industry. These solid results were in line with our guidance of 3% to 5%, and were on top of last year's excellent third quarter comparable store sales increase of 7.9%, representing this year's most difficult comparison to the prior year. For the first three quarters of 2016, our comparable store sales increased 4.8%, or 12.2% on a two-year stack basis, and this consistent market-leading performance is a testament to the quality of our team and the commitment we have made to providing incredible levels of service to our valued customers. In total, we grew sales for the quarter by 6.8%, and our ongoing focus on profitable growth and expense control translated this solid top-line performance into a record third quarter operating margin of 20.2%. Our diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of $2.90, is a 10% increase over our reported EPS for the third quarter of 2015 of $2.64. As a reminder, last year, our third quarter EPS results included a larger than typical tax benefit of $0.11, from the resolution of certain historical tax positions. As we called out on the call last year, this benefit, while very positive for our company, was not representative of our expected tax rate going forward, or our ongoing operating performance. And it is appropriate to focus on our EPS excluding this benefit from last year. On this basis, our third quarter 2016 EPS grew 15%, compared to adjusted EPS for the third quarter of 2015, representing our 31st consecutive quarter of adjusted EPS growth of 15% or greater. Our team's track record of strong earnings growth over such a long period of time is a reflection of the effectiveness of our customer service oriented culture, dual market strategy and focus on profitable, sustainable growth. The composition of our comparable store sales growth in the third quarter was very balanced with our professional and DIY sides of our business, contributing equally to our comparable store sales growth. We saw solid increases in both comparable ticket average and transaction count, with a slightly larger contribution from our professional ticket count, although our DIY ticket count continues to be solid. As has been the case for several quarters, the increase in average ticket has been driven by increasing parts complexity, rather than inflation or pricing, which has remained very static in our industry. On a category basis, we saw strong performance throughout the quarter in weather-related categories such as batteries and air conditioning, as a result of the hot summer weather. We also continued to see solid performance in key hard parts categories such as chassis and brakes against very difficult comparisons for these categories in the third quarter of 2015. Moving on to the cadence of our comparable store sales growth in the quarter, our monthly results in 2016 were impacted by a shift in the number of Sundays, our lightest volume day, both in July and August as compared to last year. Adjusting for this calendar shift, our monthly comparable store sales increase was consistently solid throughout the quarter. Overall, the macroeconomic environment continues to be a positive contributor to demand for our industry, and was a factor in our continued steady comparable store sales growth for the third quarter. Unemployment levels have stabilized over the last year at around 5%, and the associated commuter miles, along with the continued low gas prices, have benefited total miles driven in the U.S. which were up 3.1% year-to-date through August. We expect the current stable macroeconomic environment to continue to be a positive for the health of our industry. However, as we continue to lap the strong year-over-year 2015 benefit from these tailwinds, we are also cautious as we look forward to the fourth quarter, when our business can be variable based on the holiday season and weather volatility. In light of these factors and the very tough comparisons we again face in the fourth quarter, we feel it is appropriate to set our fourth quarter comparable store sales guidance at a range of 3% to 5%. We are focused to finish the year strong and are off to a good start in the fourth quarter as the solid business trends in the third quarter have continued thus far into October. We are also tightening our full-year comparable store sales growth guidance to a range of 4% to 5%, which reflects our year-to-date results and our fourth quarter expectations. Finally, I would like to make a few comments about our announcement in yesterday's press release regarding our definitive agreement to purchase the assets of Bond Auto Parts. Bond is a very high-quality auto parts company, headquartered in the state of Vermont and operates 48 stores throughout Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and New York. Bond was actually founded one year before we were, in 1956, and for the past 60 years, we have known them as the premier parts supplier for their markets in New England. Their company stands out for their knowledgeable parts professionals and a culture of excellent customer service. And we are excited about the opportunities we will have together to continue our growth in the Northeast. We expect this transaction to close before the end of the year, and I want to take this opportunity now to express how excited we are to welcome the Bond team to Team O'Reilly. Before I finish up my prepared comments and turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to again thank our team for another outstanding quarter, and for their continued hard work and commitment to driving the success of our business. We remain very confident in the long-term drivers for demand in our industry, and we believe we are very well-positioned to capitalize on this demand and lead the industry by consistently providing outstanding service to our customers every day. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff M. Shaw - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin today by also congratulating Team O'Reilly on another strong quarter. This quarter is just another example of our team's steadfast commitment to out-hustling the competition to earn our customers' business by providing the best service in our industry. Our comparable store sales growth of 4.2%, on top of an incredible 7.9% last year, once again easily led the industry, and I want to thank each of our team members for their dedication to our ongoing success. Now, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing our SG&A results for the quarter. For the third quarter, we delevered 12 basis points, which, similar to the second quarter, was primarily as a result of the tough comparisons to the robust sales growth we generated in the comparable quarter of 2015, and a few specific items I'll address in a moment. Average per store SG&A for the third quarter increased 2.8%. Based on our results so far in 2016, and looking forward into the fourth quarter, we now expect our full-year average SG&A per store guidance to increase slightly to approximately 2.5% over 2015, versus our previous expectation of 2% growth. As a reminder, this average store SG&A comparison excludes the headwind in the second quarter of 2015 from an adverse legal judgment. As we've discussed many times in the past, our expense control focus is a key component of the Team O'Reilly culture, and each of our managers is held accountable for the profitability of their individual store. However, and I know I'm a broken record on this one, we will always manage our store level staffing expense for the long term and won't jeopardize the excellent customer service that develops and maintains long-term relationships. In addition to the complexities of managing store payroll, we've seen pressure from healthcare costs, as well as higher credit card costs, which should abate when we're fully rolled out with the chip and PIN technology in the first quarter of 2017. We will continue to closely monitor our sales volumes and will make appropriate adjustments as needed to prudently manage SG&A expenses, both up and down, to match business trends and the opportunities that we see in the marketplace. We successfully added 52 new stores during the third quarter, bringing our net new store count to 141 for the year, and we continue to be pleased with the performance of our new stores. So far this year, we've opened or acquired stores in 35 different states, including our first two stores in Rhode Island, our 45th state, during the third quarter. Also included in our year-to-date new store additions was our acquisition of Frank's Auto Supermarket, a five-store chain in Western Pennsylvania, which gives us a jump start as we begin to open in the Pittsburgh market. Being able to open stores effectively across our national footprint allows us to balance our growth in our expansion markets in Florida, the Northeast, and the mid-Atlantic region, with backfill markets in Texas, California, the Great Lakes and throughout our other existing markets. This flexibility gives us a great advantage in selecting new sites, and more importantly, identifying, hiring, and training outstanding store teams to provide excellent customer service in our new stores. As Greg discussed earlier, we have entered into an agreement to acquire the 48 stores of Bond Auto Parts in New England. Assuming Bond closes prior to the end of the year, as we anticipate, we expect our full-year addition to store count for 2016 to be approximately 258 net new stores, which reflects our previous new store target of 210 stores, plus the addition of the Bond stores. We've known the Bond family for many years and have a tremendous amount of respect for the quality of their people and their business. Their team members are truly professional parts people. We're extremely excited to welcome them to Team O'Reilly as we look forward to growing on the outstanding foundation they've established in the Northeast. Over the course of our history, we've proven our ability to very effectively acquire existing store chains, implement our dual market strategy, and instill the O'Reilly culture in the new store teams. However, as we've discussed repeatedly in the past, we're very disciplined buyers and will only deploy our shareholders' capital when we can identify companies that are a good fit with our culture and can be acquired at the right investment. This means that, although we work hard on an ongoing basis to identify potential acquisitions, we often pass on potential deals which just don't fit our profile, which makes us that much more excited to have reached agreement this year to add such an outstanding business to Team O'Reilly. As we look forward to 2017, we'll continue to execute our profitable new store growth strategy, and have established a target of 190 net new store openings for the year, which is below our typical new store target, as we plan to devote significant resources to converting the Bond stores. Finally, before I close my comments, I'd be remiss if I didn't acknowledge the incredible efforts of our supply chain groups to support our new store growth, while also continually enhancing our industry-leading parts availability. And I'd like to thank these teams for the great service levels they provide to our stores. As we discussed on the last call, these teams very successfully opened the San Antonio distribution center earlier this year and are on track to complete the expansion of our existing D.C. in Greensboro, North Carolina in the first half of 2017. This expansion will add approximately 200,000 square feet to this facility and allow us to service an additional 125 stores from this location, as we continue to add stores in expansion markets in the mid-Atlantic. Our ability to incrementally add capacity to our supply chain network and provide high levels of inventory availability to our expansion markets is a critical component of our growth strategy, and I'm very proud of the great work these teams do to support our growth. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our company's success. With one quarter left in 2016, we've had a solid year so far, but won't rest on our laurels as we push to finish the year strong. As always, the key to our success is providing unwavering customer service that surpasses expectations and continues to earn our customers' business. And I'm confident we have the team in place to out-hustle and out-service the competition and keep taking market share. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to begin today by thanking the O'Reilly team for another very profitable and successful quarter. Now, we'll take a closer look at our third quarter results and update our guidance for the remainder of 2016. For the quarter, sales increased $141 million, comprised of an $85 million increase in comp store sales, a $54 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $3 million increase in non-comp, non-store sales, and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. Based on our results for the first nine months and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we now expect our total revenue for 2016 to be $8.5 billion to $8.6 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 52.7% of sales, a 32-basis-point increase over the prior year. This was in line with our expectations for the third quarter, as continued strong POS margins offset a higher than anticipated LIFO charge of $10 million, which was 23 basis points higher than last year, but significantly lower than the second quarter. As we have discussed many times in the past, our success at reducing our acquisition costs over time has exhausted our LIFO reserve, and further cost decreases require us to reduce our existing inventory value to the lower cumulative acquisition costs, creating non-cash headwinds to gross margin. However, these cost reductions benefit our POS margins on a go forward basis. Excluding impact of LIFO from both years, gross margin increased 55 basis points year-over-year and 30 basis points sequentially from the second quarter. Year to date, gross margin was 52.3% of sales. However, excluding LIFO from both years, gross margin increased 50 basis points. For the year, we are tightening our full-year gross margin guidance from a range of 52.3% to 52.7% to a range of 52.4% to 52.6% of sales, with the expectation that our strong POS margin improvement will continue during the fourth quarter as a result of the cost decreases we've secured throughout 2016, and that pricing in the industry will remain rational. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 35.5% of pre-tax income, which is slightly below the 35.8% we expected for the quarter. Our third quarter effective tax rate this year was significantly above the 33.6% we saw in the third quarter of 2015, which, as a reminder, benefited from a larger than typical tax reserve adjustment of $11 million related to a previous acquisition. We expect our fourth quarter to return to a more normal rate of approximately 37.3% of pre-tax income. Moving on to our free cash flow results, I'll provide some color to our results and our updated full year free cash flow guidance. Free cash flow for the third quarter was $234 million, which was $21 million less than the prior year. Year to date, we generated $812 million in free cash flow, which is $46 million more than the prior year. The year to date improvement was primarily driven by our net income growth and continued successful management of working capital, specifically net inventory, partially offset by higher year-over-year capital expenditures. Capital expenditures for the first nine months were $356 million, in line with our expectations, and resulted from our continued store growth and distribution expansion projects, as Jeff discussed earlier. We continue to expect capital expenditures will finish the year in the range of $460 million to $490 million. Based on our strong year-to-date free cash flow performance, we're increasing our full-year free cash flow guidance to a range of $850 million to $900 million, reflecting an increase of $50 million at both ends of the range. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $592,000, which was a 3% increase from the end of 2015. This growth rate was in line with our expectations for the quarter, but above our full-year expectation of inventory per store growth of approximately 1.5%, driven by normal seasonality. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per-store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate, and we expect to continue our success of effectively deploying inventory. Our AP-to-inventory ratio finished the third quarter at 107.5%, which exceeded our expectations and once again, represents a new high for this ratio. Our AP percentage continues to benefit from incrementally improved terms and strong sales items over the last 12 months. We expect our AP-to-inventory ratio will moderate somewhat during the fourth quarter from its current level, but we expect to finish this year at a ratio strongly above 100%, as we incrementally improve our vendor terms, but face the headwinds of seasonality. Moving on to debt, we finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.66 times, down from the 1.69 times at the end of the second quarter, driven by our strong trailing 12-month operating income performance, but up from the 1.57 times at the end of the third quarter last year. We are still well below our targeted range of 2 to 2.25 times, however, we continue to believe our stated leverage range is appropriate for our business, and we'll move into this range when the timing is appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and during the third quarter, we repurchased 0.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $281.04 per share. Year to date through yesterday, we have repurchased 3.9 million shares at an average share price of $262.32 for a total investment of $1 billion. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders, after we take advantage of the opportunities to invest in our business at a high rate of return, and we will prudently execute our program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns for our shareholders. We're establishing our fourth quarter earnings per share guidance at a range of $2.44 to $2.54. Based on our year-to-date results and the additional share repurchases since our last call, for the full year, we're tightening our earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.58 to $10.68, which represents an $0.13 increase from the midpoint of the previous annual guidance we provided on our second quarter earnings release in July, driven by our stronger than expected third quarter operating results and incremental share repurchases. As a reminder, in line with our normal practice, our guidance includes all of the shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any future share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to our analysts for questions, I would once again, like to thank the entire O'Reilly team for their continued hard work, dedication, and unrelenting focus on providing consistently superior levels of customer service. Your ongoing efforts continue to drive our profitable growth, and we cannot thank you enough. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time I would like to ask Adrian, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Great, thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you could maybe talk a little bit more about the Bond acquisition that you made. Did they have any DCs? Do they own their stores? Generally speaking, does this signal your intention to accelerate growth into the Northeast?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Well, this acquisition is one that we overlap very little. They have a distribution center located in Barre, Vermont, which we will utilize for some period of time. And we're talking about right now whether or not we would utilize that facility for anything in the future. But the plan is that we would further leverage our distribution capacity in Devens, Massachusetts and supply those stores from there, while not sacrificing the benefit they have of availability by having as many parts as they have available in Central Vermont. So we would over time alleviate the need to have availability by putting in a big hub or something like that, but ultimately the replenishment would come out of Devens. From a real estate standpoint, the company doesn't actually own the real estate. We've entered a lease agreement with some of the family members to lease the locations that they own, and then we have other third-party leases that we would take over those leases and run the stores as leased properties.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, cool. And then just a question: generally on the Northeast. This is a new territory for you, obviously. Can you talk about your experience thus far? Has the delivery model been as efficient and cost-effective as elsewhere in the country? How are you ramping in DIY versus DIFM? Are you leading with DIFM just given your track record of buying VIP? Any additional commentary there would be helpful.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, I think as would typically be the case in a new store, our DIY business generally comes on a little faster. With the VIP stores up in primarily Maine, those stores were heavy DIY stores. They really weren't a supplier on the do-it-for-me side because of the conflict they had with the shops that a previous owner had. So what I would say is that our DIY business has come on a little faster. We're doing a good job on the do-it-for-me side as we've progressively established what our company is about and the availability model and the service model and those kinds of things, so it continues to build. We see a lot of opportunity in the Northeast. There's a lot of high-population areas that we're not in. We have a lot of capacity in Devens that we've not yet used. So our plan will be to continue to build out that area of the country and become one of the dominant parts suppliers on the professional side, but then also put a big dent in the DIY business up there.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. Really helpful. Thanks for the time.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Thanks and good morning.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just wanted to get your thoughts on the Amazon risk. We're getting a lot more questions about the risk relative to the industry. So would love to hear your thoughts on how you think about the competition. And what structural advantages do you see on your side from availability and service? What's the risk, relative risk, between commercial and DIY? And then how do you think about the risk of competitor pricing encroachment?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. Well, what I would say is that we've had pretty strong competitors on the e-commerce side in the DIY business for quite some time with some other suppliers that do a pretty good job there. Our DIY business is doing really well. As I said in my prepared comments, both our DIY and our do-it-for-me business were pretty well even contributors to our 4.2% comp store sales, so we're doing pretty well in DIY. Obviously, we see these e-commerce players that sell at prices below the brick-and-mortar companies online. There's a lot of elements that play into auto parts that I think differentiate us from many other retail channels. But primarily, it's about  and I'm speaking just on the DIY side. Many times, when a DIY customer walks into our stores, they're really needing help figuring out how to solve a problem that they have, and we provide that help. And not only do we provide the help but we are able to tell them the tools that they need to fix the car, just a whole array of things. And we even loan them tools. We've got a very significant loaner tool program where a customer will put a tool that they might otherwise not be able to buy because of the expense of a specialty tool or something, they can put it on a credit card, use it to install the part and fix their car, then bring it back for a full refund when they're done, and we put it back on our shelves and reuse it again for the next customer that needs to use that. So those kinds of services are pretty hard to quantify, but they're incredibly valuable when servicing the DIY customer. On the B2B side, and I speak from having done this for 32 years of previously being in the repair business, none of the shops or very few of the shops stock parts. They may stock a small array of filters or maybe a few belts or few batteries, stuff like that. But almost every repair that they make, the parts have to be delivered, and it's just so incredibly important that they're able to turn their bays over quickly and keep their technicians busy in order to provide gainful employment for the technicians but also maximize the revenue and the profitability of the shop. And most shops nowadays know that they can get 30- to 45-minute service out of a company like ours that has a wide array of parts, and our competitors, in many cases, have these wide array of parts. It's just hard for me to see a company like Amazon being a significant player on the do-it-for-me side. And I would tell you on the DIY side, while there are some people that are going to buy some parts or some accessories over the Internet because they can wait, because they know what they're doing in making the repair. The vast majority need help and appreciate the advice, recommendation, and the help we give them in repairing their cars.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Greg. That is very, very helpful. And then I just wanted to ask about the intra-quarter trend. A couple peers of yours talked about some acceleration in August and/or September, while you spoke to consistent trends in the quarter, and obviously, you've been the most consistent operator out of any of your peers. But was curious if you had any thoughts on why they saw some acceleration versus you being more consistent. Is that perhaps geographic exposure, is it the balance in the business, is it share acquisition, and so forth? Thank you.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, there could be differences for all the things you said. In my prepared comments, I spoke to August and July on a monthly basis being Sunday affected, which Sunday is our lowest-volume day, and probably from a trend standpoint, a more meaningful way to look at our comp cadence throughout the quarter would be to look at it on a weekly basis. And I got that in front of me now. I can tell you our sales on a weekly basis were just pretty darn consistent throughout the period, and that consistency has continued to this point in the quarter, and this quarter our toughest compares to last year are this month and December. We have a softer comparison in November, and we've carried this healthy strong trend that we were on into this point in the fourth quarter. It's hard to say what our competitors were up against from a comparison standpoint on a weekly basis, what they were up against from just a geography standpoint, because I know some are more exposed to the weather-affected areas in the Northeast. And, again, this quarter, we saw a difference in the areas that we would consider to be weather-affected versus not. And taking into consideration the maturity of some of those stores or maybe the lack of maturity of some of those stores, we still would look at somewhere in the 400 to 500 basis point difference in comp performance between the weather-affected stores and the non-weather-affected stores.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Alan Rifkin from BTIG. Please go ahead.
Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC: Thank you very much for taking my questions. So, Greg, just as a follow-up to your commentary that you just gave. So the solid trends of Q3 have continued in Q4 despite October being one of the most difficult months. Is that correct?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: That's correct.
Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC: Okay. And on the DIFM side of the business, can you maybe add a little bit more color as to where you're seeing the growth come from. Are you seeing some new account additions or are current accounts of yours just spending more? What are you seeing there?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, that varies a lot by store, by market. In new markets, where we work to get that first call  not first call status, but simply the first interaction with the shop, of course, in newer markets, it's new customers. In existing markets, it's just taking more of the business that they're doing. Most shops don't have just one parts provider. They share that business among a few, and although the first call provider can be 70% or 80%, or maybe even more of the parts provided, our work with those customers is to take more of their purchases, and I think we did a pretty good job on both. I feel like that we're gaining market share on the do-it-for-me side and I feel like we're gaining market share pretty significantly on the DIY side. But it's hard to quantify whether our improvements in do-it-for-me are coming from new customers or improvements in the purchases from existing customers, because it's a mix of both. And that's just something that's hard for us to fully quantify.
Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC: Okay. And one last one, if I may. Obviously Bond pales in comparison to CSK or even earlier acquisitions like Mid-State. Does the same potential present itself to increase the EBIT margins at that business as what you've realized in some of the other acquisitions that you've made?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I think it will be a great acquisition. I think anytime we buy a company that is from a size standpoint, as much difference as what exists between our company and Bond, there's very significant opportunities from just a merchandise cost perspective. They run a very good business, and they've built it over a number of years and the Bond family are great operators and they've got a great team there. So we would look more for the opportunity to be on the cost of goods side, and then just the advertising and marketing we can do to help them build a better DIY business and then just some of the efficiencies that we have through systems and better maybe product selection through some of the science and tools that we use to deploy inventory and make sure we got exactly the right inventory and the breadth of inventory it takes to gain market share. We're just a company that's very well capitalized to make sure that the stores are in the very best position they can be to compete and take additional market share.
Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Alan.
Operator: And your next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning, guys.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: On the Bond deal, and obviously, they are a member of the Alliance, so they're pretty heavily skewed to branded parts. And I guess what are the levers you pull there? You expand the hours and put in more of the direct-sourced mix? And I guess when you think about the geography distributing up to Bond out of Devens, how far West can you go as you get out towards Frank's? Do we need to build more distribution into the expansion markets?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: From a product standpoint, we'll be very sensitive to the brands that they've built and the products that they carry to make sure that if and when we transition brands and products we do it with a lot of forethought and lot of selling to the customers to make sure they have confidence that the brands won't (37:33) change. But again, we feel like that we've got a incredibly good lineup of products, and they do too. There's a lot of overlap. Our history with the Alliance has led us to continuing to do business with a lot of the same suppliers the Alliance does business with. So I think we'll be good there. From a distribution standpoint, we'll definitely need more distribution up in the Northeast. We'll need distribution in probably what, Greg, would you say two or three additional distribution centers up there?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, we'll end up with two or three additional distribution centers up in the Northeast. So while we're working now to fill out the capacity that we have in Devens, for us to move further West, we would need additional distribution capacity just to make sure we were in the position from a geographic reach standpoint to do what we do as far as at least overnight service but in many cases multiple times a day same-day service out of a big distribution center inventory.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: And as you look at...
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Bret, but the Frank's stores in Pittsburgh, they actually get serviced out of Detroit. That's still quite a distance, so as we grow Mass, we'll have to look to see where we position our additional distribution centers.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay, thank you. I just wanted to follow up, as you look at the Alliance members, would you think about picking up an Eastern or somebody who is more of a WD to get some market share and distribution and building in a store base around that? Or is that too far from a retail model?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Hey, we're opportunists. We would look at any opportunity to acquire a company that fit the profile that Jeff described in his prepared comments. So we would look at any and all companies that might be for sale, and then our decision will be made based on fit, geographic overlap, price, multiple factors that come into consideration when we acquire companies.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: All right, thank you.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, good morning, this is Mike Montani on for Greg. Just wanted to ask if I could on the expense control side, Greg and Tom, can you talk about some of the initiatives you have there to take cost out and to manage around potentially FLSA, rising minimum wages that we're seeing across retail and healthcare costs. How do we get comfortable that you guys can get back towards the 2% SG&A per store.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Tom, you will take that.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: What I would tell you is when we look at third quarter SG&A, it was pretty much on our expectations. When we look at de-levering, when we look at last year, obviously, we had a big, big comp number at 7.9%, so hard to lever against those sales. And if we look at the third quarter of 2015, there was 87 basis points year-over-year leverage. So very difficult compare from a dollar standpoint, we ended up where we thought we should end up for the third quarter. When we look at the items you're talking about, FLSA is a big focus of ours, and we've adjusted our compensation policies to retain our entrepreneurial focus, while minimizing the overall impact. So we want to continue to focus our store managers on growing their business, building great book of business and growing it and compensating them for that. We think we've made some changes that keep the essence of our program while complying with the laws. When we look at minimum wage, there are certain areas where minimum wage is going to be some pressure on expense. For those geographic regions, we'll monitor pricing very closely and try to maintain our profitability.
Michael Montani - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And can you talk about your ability potentially to raise price and pass through any costs that you might incur that you can offset directly? And then also, if you could, some of the initiatives you might have around omni-channel, whether it be the loyalty program, the private label? Just talk about some of the offenses, things that you might have going on to build out the business and serve consumers, regardless of channel.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, like Tom said in these markets where costs are going up as a result of minimum wage changes and so forth, we work every day looking for opportunities to increase price while remaining competitive. So knowing that our competitors are under the same pressure that we are, over time, I think this plays out and the fact that costs go up, ultimately result in higher consumer prices, and auto parts would be no different. As far as our opportunity with omni-channel and just the various opportunities we have in businesses, we have an opportunity in the Internet. We're not a big B2C e-commerce player. We could do more and we're working now to re-platform our website to do a little more of that business. Private label, we continue to be a very powerful company when it comes to building these private label brands. As you know, our strategy is not to have a single private label brand that's viewed as being a private label. Our brands are really national brands that may have been retired by a supplier or whatever the case may be, and we've picked them up and re-established the brand. And many of our brands are now recognized even though they're what would be considered that, as we discussed this here, is private label. They're really viewed by our shops as being a national brand even though they're in our proprietary brand, and there are brands that we put products of equivalent quality to a branded product in the box. So we feel like we have a lot of opportunity there to continue to grow market share in the brands that we own. And that growth is accretive to our gross margin, as you know.
Michael Montani - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, good morning. Greg, you mentioned the 400 to 500 basis point spread, I think between weather and non-weather. Can you share what percentage of the markets are affected? And then, I guess looking back at these years in which weather has had an impact, the nuances tend to resolve themselves. You hinted that we haven't seen any signs yet of that, I guess, because the trends have been somewhat consistent. But is that usual? Or do we have to wait for the next big weather trend to break, meaning colder temps? Or should we have started to see some of that change already?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yeah, I think we're starting to see some of the change already. And I think that when we start getting the freezing weather in these markets is when I would say, okay, we've got to call the weather thing to an end. Because having come off of a very hot summer, when cold weather gets here, there'll be a lot of battery failures and electrical system problems, things like that, that will be attributable to the winter weather. So really, once we anniversary into winter and start the freezing weather is when I would consider the effect of the 2015-2016 winter to be over.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: On the regional question, we're providing some color for just difference performance in markets. But to further quantify it goes beyond our level of comfort in communicating regional performance.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: And in addition, it's hard to draw a line. When Tom and I talk about this, it's very difficult for us to draw a line and say, okay, well, these are weather affected, these are not. Generally speaking, the center part of the country up in the Upper Midwest, and then also the Northeast are generally the weather-affected markets. The South and Southwest and so forth aren't so much.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then my follow-up on Bond. Have you talked about or can you disclose revenue for an annual basis? And then implications for accretion or dilution next year?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We're a little uncomfortable talking about the specifics of that pre-closing. We won't close until sometime before the end of the year, and we'd rather not get into the specifics about their financial performance at this time.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks a lot, and good morning. My question is around price competition, whether or not you're seeing any signs of increased competition in a slower-growth industry right now, either by customer segment, region, channel, et cetera?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, Seth, I'll tell you, there's never been a time in my 32 years here that we haven't felt price competition. We feel it every day. Generally speaking, it's on the professional side of our business, where companies that are trying to gain market share, and the most recent entry of some of the larger retail-type companies into the wholesale business is what's talked about most now, but for years we've had competition from a number of companies on the professional side. So there's always promotions, specials, new ideas. Something that's happening here recently is kind of the kit idea, where competitors are  and us too now  we'll put two brake rotors and a set of pads and give it a kit price rather than the individual piece price. So there's always a lot of competition. I would say that it's consistent with what I've seen the last 30 years, but nonetheless, there is a lot of competition.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And my second question, on the theme of gross margin, just thinking about LIFO, Tom, what kind of impact do you expect for 4Q and for 2017, if you have a viewpoint?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, hard to know for 2017. When we look at 2016, we'll have a moderate headwind, not as much as this quarter. This quarter was probably double what we thought it would be. We'll have to get together with the merchants and see what they have cooking for 2017 as they continue to work on getting us the best acquisition costs we can get.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys, and good luck.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Wewer from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. Tom, you'd exceeded the third quarter earnings by $0.03 a share, but you took $0.02 off for the high end of your fiscal-year forecast. It looks like you're reducing your fourth quarter outlook by about $0.05 a share. I guess that's the reason why the stock is acting the way it is today. Can you explain what has changed in the fourth quarter outlook? Is it a higher LIFO?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, I -
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: (48:16) I guess based on the previous question, it doesn't sound like that's an issue.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: I would tell you that our expectation for the fourth quarter is an inherent guidance and our net income have not changed from the last call. What I would tell you is that we had a wider range on the end of the last call because we had two quarters to go. Now we have one quarter to go. It would be hard to have a wider range on annual EPS than it is for the quarter. That wouldn't be logical. So, you see, it's...
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: No, I understand that. I guess I was just thinking reducing the high end of the year after...
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: What we would tell people, and what we said on the script is we would focus on, that we increased the midpoint of our guidance by $0.13 due to higher income in the third quarter and on additional share repurchases, and that's what we think is the important data point.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And to follow up on the comments about the higher SG&A per store, in one of the  I think it was on page 9 of the release, it indicates that the total employment count grew about 2.6% year-over-year, compared to 4.6% increase in the number of stores. So it looks like the employment per store has actually declined a bit. So if you could help reconcile that against the higher SG&A rate per store.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, that has...
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: The SG&A dollars per store.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: That has to do with the number of full-time versus part-time people that we employ. So what that number is telling you is we have a higher mix of full-time people in that growth area, which also has a higher cost because you're providing benefits, but we also feel it has a much higher productivity level, which you see in our top line.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So the implications are, if you look at the actual payroll hours per store, it's growing faster than the employment number?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yes. We report just total team members versus FTEs.
Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Yep. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: And your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hmm, Scot Ciccarelli, guys. How are you?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: We got that.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, I figured you guys would know it. Two things. Just a clarification on the LIFO commentary, Tom. It came in above what you expected. Is that a function of better price concessions than what you previously anticipated? Or is that better sales of that particular vendor's product? Can you just help us understand why it was $10 million instead of $5 million?
Thomas G. McFall - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: It's fully based on the number of new deals we signed and the impact of those cost productions over the breadth of our inventory. So the short answer is we got more, better deals than we anticipated.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Got it. And then shifting to SG&A, I know you guys talked about some of the reasons that you didn't have leverage this quarter, and a lot of that makes sense to me and the Street, I think. But SG&A per store growth has been a bit elevated the last couple of quarters. And I guess what I'm looking for is clarification on as we look out a little bit further, should we just assume SG&A per store growth will be up more like 2.5% rather than the 2% you've kind of historically run at, just given the wage and healthcare pressures that you've cited?
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Well, we haven't given guidance for next year, and our guidance for the fourth quarter is a little slower growth. We've got a long process that we go through to plan not just the upcoming year, but years to follow, and we are going to sit down  and healthcare continues to be a pressure item. The big item for us is making sure that we establish payroll levels with enough help in the stores to provide great customer service and grow the business, so a lot of that depends on what our outlook is for growth opportunities. So we're not going to comment right now, but what we will make sure to say is that we manage SG&A over a long horizon, not just on a quarter or six-month basis. So we're going to have to get back to you when we finalize our plan for next year.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. All right. Thanks, guys.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee - O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.: Thanks, Adrian. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for outstanding third quarter results. We are pleased with our solid third quarter, and remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share, and are focused on continuing our momentum as we finish out 2016. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2016 fourth quarter and full-year results in February. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's call. Thanks for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall - CFO Greg Henslee - President and CEO Jeff Shaw - EVP, Store Operations and Sales David O'Reilly - Executive Chairman Greg Johnson - EVP of Supply Chain
Analysts: Alan Rifkin - BTIG Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Dan Wewer - Raymond James Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Michael Lasser - UBS
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Incorporated second quarter earnings release conference call. My name is Richard and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call we will discuss our second quarter 2016 results and our outlook for the third quarter and remainder of 2016. After our prepared comments we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain certain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor Provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts second-quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is of course Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, and Greg Johnson, our Executive Vice President of Supply Chain, are also present. It is once again my pleasure to begin our call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another solid quarter and a strong first half of 2016. Our Team's proven ability to provide superior value and service drove our industry leading second-quarter comparable store sales increase of 4.3%. These solid results were in line with our guidance of 3% to 5% and we are pleased with our Team's ability to generate this level of comparable store sales growth on top of last year's excellent second quarter comparable store sales increase of 7.2%. Our Company's consistent, market leading performance is the direct result of our outstanding Team of over 74,000 dedicated Team members and their unwavering commitment to providing consistently excellent levels of customer service. In total, we grew sales for the quarter by 7% and combined with our Team's relentless focus on profitable growth and expense management we generated a quarterly operating margin of 19.5% driving a 16% increase in earnings per share to $2.65. This represents the 30th consecutive quarter we have grown EPS in excess of 15%, and this remarkable track record of strong earnings growth over such a long period of time is a testament to the effectiveness of our dual market strategy and the unwavering commitment of Team O'Reilly to providing the best customer service in the automotive aftermarket. The composition of our comparable store sales growth in the second quarter was very similar to the first quarter. Both our professional and DIY sides of the business were contributors to our comparable store sales growth with professional being slightly higher. We saw solid increases in both comparable ticket average and transaction count with a larger contribution from our professional ticket count, although our DIY ticket count continues to be solid. The increase in average ticket continues to be driven by the secular industry driver of parts complexity with no help from increases in selling price as inflation on an individual SKU by SKU basis remains muted. When we look at the cadence of our sales performance for the quarter, results were steady throughout the quarter and within our guidance expectations for each month. We did experience some pressure in April and May due to the wet, cool weather from the slow start to summer as well as pull forward of some business into the first quarter as a result of the mild winter, especially in our stores in the middle of the country. However, hot weather benefited our business as summer took hold in June and has continued into July with comparable store sales trends on a two year stack basis improved from the results we experienced in the first two months of the second quarter. On a category basis, we continued to see solid performance in key hard parts categories such as brakes, chassis, and drive line, especially in our stores in the western and southeastern U.S. which were not impacted by the timing of the weather fluctuations in first half of the year. As one would expect, weather related categories such as HVAC and batteries also performed extremely well in the back half of the quarter across the Company as temperatures rose. Looking at the broader after market. We continue to benefit from positive tailwinds from modest improvements in total employment, low gas prices, and continued solid growth in miles driven which are up 3.3% year-to-date through May. We feel these positive macroeconomic trends have been an important factor in fueling our steady comparable store sales growth, although to a lesser degree compared to the significant year-over-year tailwinds we experienced in 2015.  Considering all the factors driving our comparable store sales performance, and in light of the very tough comparisons we face on a two year and three year stack basis, we feel it is appropriate to set our third quarter comparable store sales guidance at a range of 3% to 5%, in line with our full year guidance. While we have our toughest comparable store sales comparisons from the third quarter last year in the month of July, we are off to a good start and are currently comping within our guidance range for the quarter. We feel our industry is in a very stable, healthy condition, and more importantly, we remain very confident our Team will continue to take share and generate results which outperform the overall market. As we discussed during our first quarter earnings conference call when we provided our gross profit and earnings per share outlook for the second quarter, our second quarter results included LIFO headwinds totaling $23 million, primarily driven by a specific second quarter deal. Tom will discuss this in more detail in a moment, but this headwind to margin was in line with our expectations, and we remain confident we will achieve our previously stated full year gross margin range of 52.3% to 52.7%. As the result of our solid performance thus far in the first half of 2016, we are increasing our full year 2016 operating profit guidance from a range of 19.3% to 19.7% to a range of 19.5% to 19.9% of sales. For earnings per share, we are establishing our third quarter guidance at $2.77 to $2.87, which at the midpoint would represent a 7% increase over EPS of $2.64 in the third quarter of last year. As a reminder, our EPS results in the third quarter of 2015 including an $0.11 per share greater than typical benefit from the resolution of certain historical tax positions. On a comparable basis the midpoint of our earnings per share guidance range would be an 11% increase over the prior year adjusted earnings per share of $2.53 absent this tax benefit. We are increasing our full year earnings per share guidance from a range of $10.10 to $10.50 to a range of $10.30 to $10.70. Both of the third quarter and full year this updated guidance includes the impact of shares repurchased through this call that excludes any potential additional share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to again thank our Team for another outstanding quarter. We remain very confident in the long term drivers for demand in our industry, and we believe we are very well positioned to capitalize on this demand and lead the industry by consistently providing exceptional service to our customers every day.  Again, congratulations Team O'Reilly for a very strong start to 2016. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw.
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin today by echoing Greg's comments and congratulating Team O'Reilly on another strong quarter. I'm extremely proud of our Team's execution and the level of consistent top-notch service that we continue to provide to our customers day in and day out. Our comparable store sales growth of 4.3% on top of 7.2% in the prior year again outpaced the market. And this industry leading performance is the direct result of our Team's commitment to out-hustling and out-servicing the competition each and every day. I want to thank each of our Team members for their continued hard work and dedication to making O'Reilly Auto Parts the destination location for all of our customers' auto parts needs. For the quarter, we levered SG&A by 80 basis points. As a reminder, included in SG&A in the second quarter of 2015 was a headwind of $19 million from an adverse judgment in a long term dispute with a former service provider, and our leverage in the second quarter of this year benefited 93 basis points from the comparison to this item. Excluding the adverse judgment in 2015, we delevered 13 basis points as a result of the tough comparisons to the robust sales we generated in the second quarter of 2015. As always, our Teams remain very focused on expense control, but we will be judicious in managing our store staffing levels to ensure we don't jeopardize the excellent customer service that develops and maintains long term relationships. Average per store SG&A for the second quarter increased 2.9% over 2015 excluding the adverse judgment in 2015, which was within our expectations and driven by expected higher medical costs, and a comparatively more aggressive advertising campaign as we discussed when we established our full year guidance at the beginning of the year. We continue to expect our full year average SG&A per store to increase approximately 2% over 2015 average SG&A, excluding the adverse judgment. However, we'll closely monitor our sales volumes and will make the appropriate adjustments as needed to prudently manage SG&A expenses both up and down to match business trends and the opportunities we see in the marketplace.  We successfully opened 89 net new stores in the first half of 2016, and we continue to be pleased with the performance of our new stores. We continue to see heavier concentrations of growth in our expansion markets in Florida and the Northeast but we're also capitalizing on great growth opportunities across our footprint. And as a result, our store growth so far in 2016 was spread across 28 different states. Our ability to effectively enter new markets while also selectively expanding our presence in existing markets continues to give us a great advantage in choosing new sites, and more importantly, identifying, hiring, and training outstanding store Teams to provide excellent customer service in our new stores. As we've discussed in the past, Texas is one of our long time markets where we continue to see strong growth opportunities and where our new store growth had stretched our distribution capacity. To this end, we're very pleased to announce the seamless opening in May of our newest DC in Selma, Texas, a northeastern suburb of the San Antonio market. This new DC will allow us to improve our parts availability in the rapidly growing San Antonio metro market, and will also enhance our service in the Austin market, another strong market for us just an hour drive up the interstate from our new DC. The San Antonio DC has the capacity to service approximately 250 stores, and has ramped up extremely well by transferring neither replenishment for 166 stores from our existing Texas DCs in Dallas, Houston, and Lubbock, creating capacity for new growth across the state of Texas. As we've said many times in the past, opening a new DC is a long process and is much more difficult and complex than our DC Leadership Teams make it seem. Opening a back fill DC in such a strong existing market is an especially challenging test since the store serviced by San Antonio andour customers in those markets have high service expectations because of the great track record we've established over a long period of time. Well, the San Antonio Team did an amazing job getting up and running without missing a beat, and we're extremely proud of the excellent Team we have in place providing outstanding and enhanced service to our customers in central and southern Texas. As I close my comments I want to thank Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our Company's success. We've had a solid year so far. We're also well positioned to continue to provide our customers exceptional service and the best parts availability in the industry, and we intend to finish the year strong. That said, we will never rest on our past successes. We know we have to go out and win the business each and every day by out-hustling and out-servicing our competitors, and I'm very confident in our Team's ability to do just that. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to begin today by thanking Team O'Reilly for another successful quarter. Now we'll take a closer look at our second quarter results and update our guidance for the remainder of 2016. For the quarter, sales increased $141 million comprised of an $85 million increase in comp store sales, a $56 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $1 million increase in non-comp non-store sales, and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2016 we continue to expect our total revenues to be $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 51.8% of sales, a 23 basis point decrease from the prior year. The decrease was driven by a larger than typical LIFO headwind of $23 million, which was in line with our previous guidance, and as we've discussed previously, related primarily to a supplier renegotiation for a specific major hard parts line. As we discussed in the past, our success at reducing our acquisition costs over time has exhausted our LIFO reserve, and further cost decreases require us to reduce our existing inventory value to the lower cumulative acquisition cost, creating non-cash headwinds to gross margin. Excluding LIFO from both years, gross margin increased 31 basis points year-over-year. Moving forward, we will realize improved gross margins from the lower acquisition costs, and we're reiterating our gross margin guidance of 52.3% to 52.7% of sales for the full year. This assumes pricing in the industry continues to remain rational. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 36.9% of pretax income. For the full year we expect our pretax rate to be 36.8%. As is typical for us in most years we anticipate our third quarter tax rate to be lower as we adjust for the expected totaling of certain historical tax periods. We expect our third quarter rate to be approximately 35.8% of pretax income, which is significantly above the tax rate of 33.6% we saw in the third quarter of 2015 due to the large, positive, non-typical tax reserve adjustment in the third quarter of 2015 relating to a previous acquisition. We expect the fourth quarter to return to a more normal rate of 37.3% of pretax income. These estimates are subject to the resolution of open audits and our success in qualifying for existing job tax credit programs. Now I'd like to provide some more color on our free cash flow results and provide updated guidance expectations for the full year of 2016. We generated $194 million in free cash flow for the quarter which was relatively flat with prior year. Year-to-date we generated $578 million in free cash flow compared to $512 million in the prior year. And based on our successful management of working capital, primarily net inventory, we're raising our full year free cash flow guidance from a range of $750 million to $800 million to a range of $800 million to $850 million. Inventory per store at the end of the second quarter was $588,000 which was a 2.2% increase from the end of 2015. This growth rate was in line with our expectations for the quarter and we still expect our full year inventory per store to grow approximately 1.5% based on normal seasonal differences. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate and we expect to continue our success of effectively deploying inventory in 2016. Our AP to inventory ratio finished the second quarter at 106% which exceeded our expectations and represented a new high ratio. Our AP percentage continues to benefit from incrementally improved terms and strong sales volumes over the past 12 months. However, as we move into the back half of 2016, we expect our AP to inventory ratio to moderate somewhat from its current levels to a number slightly above 100% as we incrementally improve our vendor terms, but face the headwinds of seasonality and the lower expected increase in sales based on our current comparable store sales guidance for the remainder of the year. Capital expenditures for the first six months were $220 million, which was up from 2015 and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx at $460 million to $490 million for the full year of 2016. Moving on to debt. We finished the second quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.69 times, down from 1.72 times at the end of the first quarter driven by our strong trailing 12 month operating income performance. We're still well below our targeted ratio of 2 to 2.25 times, however we continue to believe our stated leverage range is appropriate for our business and will move into this range when the timing is appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and during the second quarter we repurchased 2.1 million shares of our stock at an average cost of $262.17 per share. Year-to-date through yesterday we've repurchased 3.3 million shares at an average share price of $259.19 for a total investment of $861 million. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means for returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business at a high rate of return. And we will prudently execute our program with an emphasis on maximizing long term returns for our shareholders. Based on our results during the first half of the year and the additional share repurchases since our last call, for the full year we're raising our earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.30 to $10.70 per share, representing an increase of $0.20 per share from the annual guidance we provided during our first quarter earnings release. In line with our normal practice, our guidance includes all of the shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any future share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to our analysts for questions, I would once again like to thank the entire O'Reilly Team for their continued hard work and dedication to providing consistently high levels of service to our customers. Congratulations on another solid quarter.  This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time I'd like to ask Richard, the operator, to return to the line and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Our first question online comes from Mr. Alan Rifkin from BTIG.
Alan Rifkin: Thank you very much, gentlemen. Congratulations on a nice quarter.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Alan.
Alan Rifkin: Maybe you should have kept talking. The stock is up 10 points during the duration of the call. But my first question is you raised the earnings and EBIT guidance for the year while maintaining the revenue and comp and gross margin. Obviously incrementally you must be seeing something on the expense side of the equation which coupled with your SG&A per store being up 2.9% in the first half and your goal is 2% for the year, which would imply 1% in the back half. So my first question is what incrementally are you seeing on the expense side of the equation that gives you the greater confidence? 
Tom McFall: Alan, our increase of $0.20 is comprised primarily of share repurchases, and the increase in operating profit expectations primarily driven by a higher gross margin percentage through the remainder of the year. As a result of improved acquisition costs as we take these LIFO charges we end up with a higher ongoing POS margin.
Alan Rifkin: Okay and my second question is--
Tom McFall: Alan, I could add just -- and the third piece as you stated is we're expecting to see a little better SG&A than we've seen in the first half of the year.
Alan Rifkin: Okay, thank you, Tom. My follow-up if I may is on the LIFO charge. It's predominantly from one vendor, which would imply that obviously you've exhausted the LIFO reserve with this one vendor. And based on their size we can glean that this is a pretty large vendor. I guess my question is if you're seeing such additional clout with a very large vendor, would it be reasonable to assume that your clout with even smaller vendors is as great if not greater than what you're recently seeing with this one particular vendor?
Tom McFall: Well Alan, a slight difference in what you said is our LIFO calculation is based on our inventory as a total pool. It's not based on supplier by supplier, so the elimination of our LIFO reserve and going into a debit position over time has been the culmination of many, many suppliers.
Alan Rifkin: Okay, thank you Tom, I appreciate it.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Alan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Mr. Seth Sigman from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Seth Sigman: Thanks guys, good morning. You guys have done a really good job navigating some of the seasonal volatility in the last couple quarters. I'm just wondering there's a bigger battle between industry tailwinds and weather. I realize comparisons are getting quite difficult, but the question is are you seeing any evidence that maybe the industry tailwinds are fading or how should we be thinking about that?
Greg Henslee: Seth, I think our industry is really healthy. I think all of the things that I mentioned relative to gas prices, miles driven, employment rate, those are all great things. I think that what our industry has experienced is all of us having reasonably tough compares from last year's great performance and the tailwinds we had last year, but then also this weather issue we are talking about. It's an issue. We had a mild winter and then we had a late start to summer, so April and May. Our May two year stack was pretty notably down from what we did in April and June, so I would relate it to that more than anything. I think that the industry tailwinds continue as the overall macroeconomic conditions contain or continue to be well.
Seth Sigman: Okay, understood. And then my follow-up question is just on the market share dynamics in the business. That's been obviously a nice part of the story. Based on the comp in the quarter it does seem like you outperformed. Can you maybe speak to the market share and competitive dynamics and if you're seeing any major change in where that share may be coming from? Thanks.
Greg Henslee: I don't think there's been any major change. We had a lot of great competitors, and a lot of them are companies that don't publicly report and there are people that we compete with regionally that are great companies and are publicly traded companies that we compete with. They are all well-run companies, but I don't think anything has really changed. I think that we go out there every day realizing that we've got a big job ahead of us and that if we want to gain market share we've got to out-work and out-hustle our competitors like Jeff said, and that's our store operations guys' operating mode every single day. We never take the position that we're in for granted and we know that we have to earn it with each customer every time we receive a call from them as a professional shop or when they walk into our store, but I think we're in a good position to continue to do what we've been doing.
Seth Sigman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question online comes from Mr. Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks so much guys, and good morning. If you could go into a little more detail on category performance to the extent you saw deceleration in a couple places, what you could trace to the winter weather, what if anything you could trace to the summer weather, and how much that might have changed? I know it's been quite hot in different parts of the country and curious what parts of the business are responding to that and what parts might not be?
Greg Henslee: Well, I think that the most notable thing that we would have seen is in April and May is typically the HVAC and cooling business starts to do really well. Those businesses of course didn't do as well early in the quarter and they really picked up late in the quarter. The things that are comping best for us right now in addition to some of the hard parts categories that I mentioned that would be weather related would be like batteries that can fail during hot weather, at least get damaged and kind of conditioned for failure in the winter time but maybe fail in the hot weather. Cooling is always a big category and it's doing well, and then climate control and HVAC is currently doing well.
Matthew Fassler: Is there anything that's lagging on account of last winter, and if so when does that kind of rust come off the purchase cycle and you start fresh again?
Greg Henslee: The things that you would expect to lag would be things like chassis, but our chassis business has been really well. We really haven't seen anything that has been a major lag relative to winter weather last year or during the winter. I think that had we had winter weather some of these categories would be doing better, but I think the overall macroeconomic backdrop is driving some of these categories that might otherwise be notable poor performers to not be as notable.
Matthew Fassler: And then a very quick follow-up, Tom, if you would. Your conservatism on the payables ratio over time has been admirable, but you've continued to beat your targets pretty consistently. Is there any reason why this would have to be the peak? I know you talked about coming off a bit as you make your way through the year. I guess you're not quite at the top of the sector yet so there's precedent for moving higher. Is there any reason why you'd want to hold that back rather than driving that cash conversion cycle further?
Tom McFall: We would like to raise it as high as reasonably possible with our suppliers. The reason, all things equal, the difference in the rate for us has a lot to do with the sales volume. And when we look at the middle of the year we have the highest sales volume. So we're in the summer selling season, so we're going to churn our inventory the fastest and generate the highest AP to inventory, so as we go into the fourth quarter into the slower part of the year we're naturally going to see some decrease. Also we kind of have a nine month look back to look at the sales churn to see how rapid that was. And if we look back to the previous nine months have been very good at sales and have helped raise that. We're expecting to come down, but not below a 100.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: A bit of a broader question here. It seems to us that the commercial segment of your business should be relatively insulated from e-commerce competition due to the extremely quick delivery times that your industry requires. But in your view what prevents e-commerce from becoming a bigger factor over time in the DIY segment of the business?
Greg Henslee: Well, I think there's a lot of factors on the DIY side that would cause it not to be as penetrating into our business as it would be some other portions of retail. Mainly the immediacy of need, when a car breaks you need the part. Some of the maintenance stuff you could of course order online and maybe wait for a weekend or something, but you always risk getting the wrong part or the application not being correct or not being able to have something that you might need that a parts specialist would recommend. Plus across the U.S. there's 35,000 parts stores, so there's very few places geographically that there's not a parts store fairly close. And I think we're all pretty price competitive. While we wouldn't be selling at prices that some of the online retailers would, I don't think we're that far off and wouldn't be that far enough off that it would make sense to pay freight and buy the parts online, so I think that's part of it. But a big part of it is just advice. A lot of DIY customers that walk into our stores are doing repairs on their cars not because they're hobbyists. They are doing so because they have economic drivers in their household that require that they work on their own car. And we're able to help them fix their car in the most efficient, expedient way, and online retailers just aren't able to do that. So they risk putting parts on their car they may not need, putting parts on their car that may not fix their car and it always helps to get advice when you're working on a car and we have a lot of guys that give great advice.
Scot Ciccarelli: So basically speed and complexity, one other quick question, hopefully. What was the magnitude of the gap in comp growth that you guys saw between let's call it weather impacted regions of the country versus areas that saw more consistent weather patterns?
Greg Henslee: That's a little bit hard to measure because it's hard to draw a line as to where the weather impact began and where it ended, but we would -- based on our analysis we would say it's between 400 and 500 basis points if you compare the southeast which is not as weather impacted, and the western states which were not as weather impacted to how we performed in the central and central southern we would say 400 to 500 basis points. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Mr. Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Greg Melich: Thanks. I have a couple questions. I just wanted to get a little more color first on what put the comp together, the pro versus DIY. I think you mentioned that traffic and ticket were up for both and that DIY ticket was also solid. Does that mean DIY traffic was down? Just an update there, and also on the loyalty program, and then I have a follow-up.
Tom McFall: I'll answer the first part. Our DIY traffic was positive for the quarter. Just professional was up more.
Greg Melich: Got it. And it's true the ticket was the bigger portion of the comp for the Company?
Tom McFall: Slightly bigger, yes.
Greg Melich: Great. And then I guess a bigger strategic question just given the balance sheet and the free cash flow is stronger than you expect, obviously help with the working capital and maybe it moderates a bit, but we've been below that two times target for so long now, I mean how do you guys think about that? Is there a certain point where you would consider special dividends, or is it a certain amount that you always want to keep just in case there's an acquisition that makes sense? How do you think about that?
Tom McFall: Well, we raised some debt in the first quarter, and we've deployed -- returned a lot of capital to shareholders for the first half of the year, but we remain with cash on our balance sheet. So we're going to continue to deploy that in ways that make sense from a long term return standpoint. At some point we may consider a special dividend, but that is not on the table right at the moment.
Greg Melich: In terms of acquisitions, is it -- do you see the opportunities out there, is it still more along the lines of bolt on with the existing U.S. business, or do you think there are markets that you could expand in North America or elsewhere that you guys could really leverage?
Tom McFall: I think that it's both. I think there's some bolt on acquisitions in the U.S., I think there's is some potential targets in North America that are outside the U.S. We're exploring what our acquisition opportunities are right now. We never don't do that except for when we are acquiring a big company when we do the work to integrate that company and we might stand down for awhile, but we're always in the process of evaluating what might make sense for us and I think we're in a good position right now to acquire some of these smaller bolt on companies here in the U.S., and I think we're looking outside the United States for potential targets that would be in North America, Caribbean and those areas. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Mr. Dan Wewer from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Dan Wewer: Thanks. Tom, your guidance for the third and fourth quarter implies the gross margin ramp accelerates a lot during the fourth quarter. Is there anything happening with a third quarter margin rate perhaps another LIFO charge that we need to take into account? 
Tom McFall: For the third quarter we're expecting a small LIFO charge, not a very large one, but we see that acceleration as we significantly reduce the LIFO charge from the second quarter and benefit from these lower acquisition costs.
Dan Wewer: And would the momentum that we're going to see in the fourth quarter of 2016, would you expect that to roll through the first three quarters of 2017?
Tom McFall: Well, we haven't given guidance for 2017, but the way the numbers work when we take these LIFO charges for the next 12 months after that charge is incurred we would have a year-over-year improvement in acquisition cost. Obviously the pricing in the market can change during that period, but from a purely acquisition standpoint we should have a year of tailwind.
Dan Wewer: Greg, one question for you. When the industry environment becomes more challenging as it did in April and May, does it become easier or more difficult for O'Reilly to grow market share? And then just one other quick question. With a lot of the changes taking place with your competitors, is it becoming easier to recruit seasoned salespeople from other competitors?
Greg Henslee: Well, what I would say, Dan, is that our effort to gain market share really doesn't change that much in bad times versus good times or when we're under pressure from weather or whatever the case may be. I think that the market share gain gap we may have with competitors, I would say that that probably, at least from our view, would stay about the same even though the total market share gain might be less. But I think that we're able to maintain that gap right now. From a recruiting standpoint, I think that things have improved. I think that we're in a pretty good position to recruit from a competitor or two that may not be doing as well as what some of their team members might like. And we're always looking for good parts specialists and individuals that can prosper in a great Company, and we feel like we have a great Company here that's created a lot of opportunity for existing team members and we'll certainly continue to create opportunities for those that come on board as new recruits that have skills and talents that would help us continue to gain market share.
Dan Wewer: Great, thank you.
Greg Henslee: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning.
Greg Henslee: Good morning.
Seth Basham: My question is around the gap between DIY and DIFM comps. Can you comment on the relative magnitude of that gap this quarter relative to the last couple quarters?
Tom McFall: The gap is pretty close. We don't speak to them individually, but the commercial has been better, but the gap is -- the difference between the two is pretty close.
Seth Basham: Got it. So the weather anomalies of this quarter didn't really drive outsized performance in one sector or the other, DIY versus DIFM?
Tom McFall: It appears to have affected both about equally.
Seth Basham: Got it, that's helpful. And as a follow-up, you mentioned that you're tracking in line with your 3% to 5% comp guidance for Q3 to date. Can you just remind us of the monthly comparisons for Q3 2015? Were they relatively consistent monthly comps in that quarter?
Tom McFall: July was our toughest comp in Q3, and then August and September were close to each other. But July would stick out as the toughest comparison that we have, so we're pleased that we're comping where we are now on the toughest compare month that we have for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question online comes from Mr. Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mike Baker: So I just wanted to ask about the SG&A and you said that if sales trends slow a little bit that there are levers you can pull to react. So I'm wondering what those are, is it things like marketing or labor hours and the like? And then sort of related to that, do you -- how do you balance that? Do you run the risk of if you pull back on some of those things maybe you're not able to continue to drive the kind of comps that you're driving?
Greg Henslee: I'll make a couple of comments and then I'll ask Jeff to make a couple comments on this. Generally speaking, it's payroll. Sometimes when business is really good we might work some overtime or allow individuals to work some overtime that would help cover the demand, but in down times we wouldn't have that over time and we work to manage payroll. And Jeff, you and your Team do such an excellent job managing this you might want to make a comment or two about this.
Jeff Shaw: Well payroll, you run your business kind of store by store, market by market, and you adjust your staffing needs to whatever your business is doing. Whether it's seasonal issues coming out of summer going into fall and winter or just maybe business is a little slow and we would adjust accordingly. There again over time is always one that you can pull back in if business slows down, and just really your ramp down going from a busy time to a slow time. You just adjust based on the needs on the professional and the retail side of the business.
Mike Baker: Is that something you look at weekly, monthly, daily even?
Jeff Shaw: Daily. We look at payroll daily, and as I said in my prepared comments, it's something you have to be very careful of and very cognizant of. You can't cut staffing too far and jeopardize service levels. You pay for that long term, so we monitor and adjust accordingly thinking about the long term.
Mike Baker: Okay, makes sense. And then maybe somewhat related but maybe a different topic. Just wanted to ask about the same-store sales and still very strong, but they have slowed from last year. And I think some of that is weather, some of that is maybe some of the miles driven slowing a little bit from last year. Still very strong, but slowing. But is there any way to figure out -- are you seeing any of your competitors maybe seating in less share than they have in the past, and so just not giving it up as easily maybe that's what causes the comps to still be strong but slow a little bit?
Greg Henslee: Well, I say this to be a little bit funny, but our competitors just don't tell us very much as you could imagine. But I don't think anything is really changed that much from a competitive standpoint. We have a lot of good competitors, and some of our larger competitors come into the professional side of the business and try to do more business with repair shops. They have good programs, they're competitive, and we view them all as competitors. I would say that we haven't seen a lot of change. I feel like we continue to gain market share and the gap that we've been able to create from a market share gain standpoint. I think we've maintained that well through for some time now, and even though we're all comping a little less than we did last year on the tougher compares and the weather issues I think that we continue to maintain that gap as about to where we were last year during better comp times.
Mike Baker: Well, just to follow up quickly if I could. I think something did change in the industry or the competitive environment in 2015, right, with one of your bigger competitors going through some changes. But you're saying from 2016 versus 2015 you haven't seen much change?
Greg Henslee: That's correct. And what's been going on with them has been going on with them has been going on for some time. The acquisition has been -- that was a big undertaking, but I would speculate that there was some market share loss there prior to the acquisition that us and some of our other competitors were taking advantage of prior to the acquisition.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Simeon Gutman: Thanks guys. Good morning. I guess similar topic to a lot of this focus on the comp. And Greg, you mentioned you're comping within the range, and it sounds like if things stay the same the compares get a little easier so maybe you'll get an uptick. That's what I wanted to focus on. What would it take at this point to get above the range? Is it simply weather? And you've made a lot of commentary on some of the secular dynamics, but if weather does become let's say more favorable, which for the third quarter would be what, seasonal temps, and then cold in the fourth quarter, could we see the comps maybe reaccelerate a little bit in the back half? 
Greg Henslee: I think so. And this would be in an ideal world, and speaking specifically of the weather impact on our business and this is very short-term thinking because overtime this all revolves itself. But if we continue to have this blistering hot summer that we're having, if that extends well into August and late into August. And then we go through the back-to-school period where things slowdown and then in October, if many markets start having freezing temperatures where the batteries that were damaged by the heat start failing. Ideal for us would be a continued real hot summer, the little window that you have when school starts, and you kind of go through fall, and then an abrupt start to a real cold winter, that would be ideal and that would drive good comps for all of us. 
Simeon Gutman: And then you mentioned in terms of expansion, you hinted some North American expansion, you'd look other places. I want to just focus on a second on the independence in the U.S. market. And I know you've always had your eye and take advantage of appropriate opportunities. Can you talk about the complexion of a lot of owners of these businesses, are they aging? Is that process happening in the next decade where you'll see it accelerate versus let's say looking backwards where there's going to be enough of that opportunity to continue taking advantage of that here in the U.S.?
Greg Henslee: Well, Simeon, I'd say there's a lot of -- there's really every possible imaginable scenario out there with these owners. Some are just -- most are just really good operators that have survived a consolidating industry to this point. Some have children or people to help them manage their business that are very capable of managing the business even if the owners aren't as involved as maybe they have been in the past, and for that reason they may want to continue to own them. Others, when faced with the prospect of us and AutoZone and Advance continuing to grow and become more powerful on the professional side in the case of some of our competitors, they may decide that their business may be worth more today than it would be in the future and they may decide to not continue to own their business and sell it. So there's every possible combination out there, and we're currently looking at several of them to see if there's a fit for us. But like you said, sometimes the owners want to continue to run their business and in many cases they are very profitable business that don't have much debt and they may run them for years to come and be very successful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Michael Lasser from UBS. Please go ahead.
Mark Carden: Hey guys, this is actually Mark Carden on for Michael Lasser today. Thanks for taking the question. So inventory per store has now declined in four of the last five quarters. Can this rate continue, and how does enter of the new DC impact overall inventory levels for you guys?
Tom McFall: Well, if we look at our average inventory per store, it's up from the beginning of the year. So we would expect inventory to be in a pretty narrow range on a per store basis for the remainder of the year. When we look at the end of the year that typically is our slowest time of business, we have the lowest level of safety stock in the DC. So we see a lower number at the end of the year, but we're happy with where our inventory is and we'll be relatively consistent on a before basis.
Mark Carden: Great, that's really helpful. And second, I wanted to get a sense of how satisfied you guys are with the returns you're seeing on your advertising spend these days?
Greg Henslee: Well it's always hard to measure. A wise man once told me that half your advertising spend is wasted and the art is figuring out which half you're wasting. But we're pretty happy and we're heavy on radio. I think we get a good return on radio, but it's very hard to measure. We spend more on digital than we have in past years as most companies do, but we continue with a lot of sponsorships. But we're happy with it as you can be. I think that we have a great Advertising and Marketing Team, and they've done a good job of making sure that we invest in the right medias, and we're reasonably happy with it. But again, it's a very tough thing to measure, and we're as happy with it as we've ever been.
Mark Carden: Great, thanks so much, guys.
Greg Henslee: Thank you.
Operator: We've reached our allotted time for questions. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Richard. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly Team for our outstanding second quarter results. We are pleased with our solid second quarter, and remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share, and are focused on continuing our momentum through 2016. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter 2016 results in October. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall - Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer Greg Henslee - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Shaw - Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Michael Lasser - UBS Bret Jordan - Jefferies Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Seth Basham - Wedbush Mike Montani - Evercore ISI Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Kate McShane - Citi Research Carolina Jolly - Gabelli & Co Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Inc., First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Brandon and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Mr. Tom McFall. Sir, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2016 results and our outlook for the second quarter and remainder of 2016. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2015 and other recent SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. It is my pleasure to begin our call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another record-breaking quarter and an excellent start to 2016. We are very pleased with our first quarter comparable store sales increase of 6.1%, which excludes Leap Day, and is on top of an increase of 7.2% in the first quarter of 2015 and 6.3% in the first quarter of 2014. This repeated market-leading performance is the direct result of our outstanding team of over 73,000 dedicated team members and their unwavering commitment to providing consistently excellent levels of customer service. Our experienced and hard-working team has now generated a remarkable ten consecutive quarters of comparable store sales increases in excess of 5%. These consistently robust results would just not be possible without our team's dedication to living the O'Reilly culture of going above and beyond for each of our valued customers. And I want to thank each of our team members for their continued contributions to our Company's long-term success. For the first quarter, our team drove a total sales increase, excluding Leap Day, of 8.9%. And our diligent focus on profitable growth and expense control translated this top line performance into a record high first quarter operating margin of 19.9%, also excluding Leap Day, which positively impacts first quarter operating margin by approximately 12 basis points as we leverage fixed costs over the extra day of sales. This operating margin performance was 143 basis point improvements over the first-quarter of 2015, and we are very proud of these record-breaking first quarter results. During the quarter, we generated earnings per share of $2.59. Our EPS guidance of $2.41 to $2.51 for the first quarter included Leap Day. But on a year-over-year basis, we benefited approximately $0.05 as a result of the extra day. On a comparable basis, our EPS of $2.54 represents an increase of 23% over the prior-year, which is the 29th consecutive quarter we have grown EPS in excess of 15%. This is a truly remarkable string of outstanding performance, and I couldn't be more pleased with the results of our team's consistent focus on providing outstanding service to our customers. When we look at the cadence of our sales performance for the first quarter, we saw solid demand in each month of the quarter, with our strongest outperformance coming in the first two months when results came in above our expectations. March results were in line with our expectations despite the slow start to spring we've seen in some markets. Spring has now arrived in full force over the past couple of weeks. Trends have strengthened. And to this point in the quarter, comparable store sales are in line with our expectations. However, we face tough comparisons on a two-year and three-year stack basis. Considering all the factors driving our comparable store sales performance, we feel it is appropriate to set our second quarter comparable store sales growth guidance at a range of 3% to 5%, in line with our full-year guidance. The composition of our comparable store sales growth in the first quarter repeated the same trends we saw throughout 2015. Both our professional and DIY sides of the business were strong contributors to our comparable store sales growth, with professional being slightly higher. We saw solid increases in both comparable transaction count and ticket average, with a larger contribution from our professional ticket count, although our DIY ticket count growth continues to be solid. The increase in average ticket continues to be driven by the secular industry driver of parts complexity with no help from increases in selling price, as inflation remains muted. Our performance for the quarter, as we've seen for quite some time now, was largely driven by key hard parts categories such as it brakes, chassis and driveline. From a macroeconomic standpoint, we continue to benefit from positive tailwinds from modest improvements in employment and low gas prices, and miles driven are off to a solid start thus far in 2016. We feel the positive trend in miles driven has been an important factor in fueling our robust comparable store sales growth, and will continue to deliver solid demand in our industry for the remainder of 2016, although at a lesser degree on a year-over-year basis compared to the significant tailwinds in 2015. As we noted in our press release, our gross profit outlook for the second quarter includes a LIFO headwind of approximately $23 million for anticipated acquisition cost reductions from a specific second quarter supplier deal, which was not contemplated in our initial 2016 guidance. Tom will discuss this in more detail in a moment, but we view this headwind largely as lumpiness in the timing of our 2016 gross margin, and we still expect to achieve our previously-stated full-year gross margin range of 52.3% to 52.7%, although potentially on the lower end. We are also reiterating our full-year 2016 operating profit guidance at 19.3% to 19.7% of sales. Earnings per share - before earnings per share, we are establishing our second quarter guidance at $2.54 to $2.64, which includes the LIFO pressure, and at the midpoint, would represent a 13% increase over EPS of $2.29 in the second quarter of last year. As a reminder, our EPS results in the second quarter of last year were negatively impacted by a $19 million charge for an adverse verdict in a long-term contract dispute with a former service provider. On a comparable basis, absent the 2015 charge and the anticipated 2016 LIFO headwind, the midpoint of our earnings per share guidance range would be $2.74, a 14% increase over the prior-year, which is consistent with the increase on an unadjusted basis. Our guidance includes incremental interest expense from our $500 million March issuance of senior notes, as well as the impact from all the shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any future share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to again thank our team for our record-breaking first quarter results. We remain very confident in the long-term drivers for demand in our industry, and we believe we are very well-positioned to capitalize on this demand by consistently providing industry-leading service to our customers every day. Again, congratulations to Team O'Reilly for a very strong start to 2016. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw.
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin my remarks by echoing Greg's comments and congratulating Team O'Reilly on another outstanding quarter and a great start to 2016. Our team continued to exceed the high bar they've set with their past performance by once again delivering industry-leading comparable store sales growth and record profitability. The secret to our team's consistent track record of success really isn't a secret. It's our team's dedication to working harder than our competition and providing excellent service to each of our customers. For the quarter, we grew total revenues 10.2% and total gross margin dollars by 11.2%. Our incredibly steady run of generating profitable growth is a direct result of our ability to provide exceptional service, a wide product offering at competitive prices, and superior parts availability. This growth doesn't happen without the dedication of our store, DC, and office support teams. Now I'd like to spend a little time talking about our SG&A expense for the first quarter. Our team continues to remain fully committed to building strong relationships with our customers and gaining market share, while at the same time keeping a close eye on expenses. And as a result of their efforts, we levered SG&A by 108 basis points for the first quarter. This SG&A performance exceeded our expectations and is a direct reflection of the discipline our team demonstrates in making sure that every expense dollar is spent to enhance our service to our customers. Our significant SG&A leverage is the result of our strong comparable sales results, coupled with an increase in average SG&A per store of 2% in the first quarter, which is well within our expectations, especially in light of the higher variable cost associated with strong comps and increased customer counts. We continue to expect our full-year increase in average SG&A per store to be approximately 2%. However, we will closely monitor our sales volumes and will make appropriate adjustments as needed to prudently manage SG&A expenses, both up and down, to match business trends and the opportunities we see in the marketplace. We successfully opened 52 net new stores during the first quarter and we continue to be pleased with the performance of our new stores. During the quarter, we opened stores in 22 different states with the highest concentration in some of our newer growth markets in Florida and the Northeast, as well as continued growth in existing markets such as Texas. As we've discussed in the past, our ability to continue to drive profitable growth for several years in Texas has strained our DC capacity, but we are excited to report that progress on the construction and stocking of our newest DC in the San Antonio market is right on schedule, and we are on target to open the DC in the next month. The San Antonio DC will have the capacity to service approximately 250 stores. And over the course of the next few months, we will immediately transfer a significant number of stores to the new DC, freeing up much-needed capacity in our Dallas and Houston DCs. Opening new stores and new distribution centers are long, complex processes that involve every area of our Company. Just as importantly, the most critical component of any new store or DC opening is the identification and training of the teams that will live the O'Reilly culture and provide excellent service to our customers. Our store and DC leadership teams continue to do a fantastic job instilling our culture and business philosophy in our newest teams, and I want to thank them for their continued dedication to excellent customer service. It's always a good thing to start off a new year with a great first quarter, and we're obviously pleased with the outstanding job by Team O'Reilly so far in 2016. As I close my comments, I must reiterate that we will never rest on past successes, but will continue to out-hustle and out-service our competitors to earn our customers' business each and every day. I am confident we have the right team in place to continue provide unwavering customer service and take market share the rest of 2016. And I want to once again thank Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to our Company's success. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to congratulate all of Team O'Reilly on a great start to 2016. Now we'll take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the remainder of 2016. For the quarter, sales increased $194 million, comprised of $113 million increase in comp store sales, a $52 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $24 million increase from Leap Day, a $6 million increase in non-comp non-store sales, and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2016, we continue to expect our total revenue to be $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 52.4% of sales and improved 47 basis points over the prior-year. This was within the range of our expectations, as we benefited from the mix of sales and leverage on distribution costs driven by strong sales, offset by LIFO headwinds of $13 million, which were above our expectations. Excluding LIFO from both years, gross margin increased 66 basis points year-over-year. As we described in our press release, and Greg mentioned earlier, we are anticipating significant unplanned LIFO headwinds in the second quarter. Specifically, we expect to see a LIFO charge related solely to a supplier renegotiation for a specific major hard part sign of approximately $23 million. This charge is the result of a macro shift in the supplier landscape for this product line and will impact margin above and beyond the normal pressure we see on a quarter-to-quarter basis from more routine acquisition cost decreases. As a refresher, we incurred these non-cash LIFO headwinds as a result of our historic success in reducing acquisition costs to the point where we have exhausted our LIFO reserve. And further cost decreases require us to reduce our existing inventory value to the lower cumulative acquisition cost. While this specific new vendor deal will pressure our gross margin in the second quarter, we will realize improved gross margins from the lower acquisition costs on a go-forward basis. And we are reiterating our gross margin guidance of 52.3% to 52.7% of sales for the full-year, with the expectation we made in the bottom end of that range. This assumes pricing in this industry will continue to remain rational. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 37.0% of pretax income. For the full-year, we continue to expect our tax rate to be approximately 36.7%, with the remaining quarters being relatively consistent, with the exception of the third quarter when we adjust our tax reserves for the tolling of open tax periods. These estimates are subject to the resolution of open audits and our success in qualifying for existing job tax credit programs. Now we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results. Free cash flow for the quarter was $384 million, which was a $69 million increase from the prior-year, driven primarily by increased income. We are reiterating our full-year guidance of $750 million to $800 million. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $584,000, which is a 1.5% increase from the end of 2015. This growth rate was in line with our expectations for the quarter, and we continue to expect inventory per store to grow approximately 1.5% for the full-year. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we are growing per store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate and we expect to continue our success with effectively deploying inventory in 2016. Our AP to inventory ratio finished the first quarter at 103%, which exceeded our expectations and represented a new high for this ratio. As we saw through much of 2015, our AP percentage in the first quarter benefited from incrementally improved terms and strong sales. As we progress through 2016, we expect our AP to inventory ratio to moderate somewhat to closer to 100%, as we incrementally improve our vendor terms but face the headwinds of a lower expected increase in sales based on our current comparable store sales guidance for the remainder of the year. Capital expenditures for the quarter ended up at $104 million, which was up slightly from 2015 and in line with our expectations. We continue to forecast CapEx at $460 million to $490 million for the full-year of 2016. Moving on to debt. We finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.72 times, which is still well below our targeted ratio of 2 to 2.25 times. However, it is up from the 1.52 times at the end of 2015 as a result of our successful issuance of $500 million of senior notes in March. This was our first new debt issuance since the second quarter of 2013, and we were pleased with the execution of the senior notes offering and our ability to secure attractive long-term interest rate as an investment grade borrower. However, the incremental interest expense from this debt issuance will be a headwind to 2016 earnings per share until we effectively deploy this capital. We continue to believe our stated leverage range is appropriate for our business, and we will move into this range when the timing is appropriate. We also continue to execute our share repurchase program. And year-to-date, weve repurchased 1.5 million shares at an average share price of $256.94 for a total investment of $384 million. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business at a high rate of return. And we will prudently execute our program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns for our shareholders. To recap our full-year earnings-per-share guidance, we expect the LIFO headwinds in the second quarter, and the incremental interest expense from our first quarter debt issuance to be offset by our first quarter EPS beat and the benefit of the shares repurchased since our fourth quarter conference call. As a result, we are reiterating our full-year EPS guidance of $10.10 to $10.50. In line with our normal practice, our guidance includes all of the shares repurchased through this call but does not include any future share repurchases. Finally, I would once again like to thank the entire O'Reilly team for their continued dedication to the Company's success. Congratulations on an outstanding start to 2016. This concludes our prepared comments. And, at this time, I'd like to ask Brandon, the operator, to return to the line and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And from UBS we have Michael Lasser online. Please go ahead.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. My first question is on the comp. It was solid, but it was slightly slower than what you've seen in the last few quarters. Do you have a sense if the underlying demand in the market slowed a touch, consistent with what you said about what you saw in March? Or do you think the share gains that you've been experiencing have decelerated? And how does that break down between the DIY and the DIFM segment?
Jeff Shaw: Well, I think what I would say, Michael, is that we had a solid trend throughout the quarter. We've been on a solid trend for a long time. On a three-year stack basis, we have a tough three-year stack. And we kind of expected some moderation to the 7%-plus quarterly comp store sales gains that we've been achieving, as we continue to stack up these years and quarters of pretty incredible comp store sales growth. So we really don't see it as much of a change. I think if you look at a three-year stack basis, it's actually a little bit of an improvement. But, yes, I wouldn't relate it to anything specific, other than towards the end of the period, when we were comparing against real solid spring weather at the end of the period last year, we had a pretty slow start to spring. We had markets where we had snow in the upper Midwest. When we didn't have snow last year, we shut business down. We had floods down in Texas, which - and we had stores closed for several days down in Texas at some point during the floods, which that comes back around as a positive in the long-term, but it can affect short-term results.
Michael Lasser: And Greg, it seems like over the last few years, the phenomenal comp results you've been generating have been driven in part by an expansion of a number of people that you have in your stores, the advertising, the number of products you carry, and your supply chain. If you see a potential constraint that might lock your ability to generate these types of comps moving forward, where would it be?
Greg Henslee: I don't see a constraint. I think that we are in a fantastic position from a people standpoint. I think culturally, we are an incredibly strong company. I think supply chain - there's no one that really compares to the supply chain and the availability that we have. I think from a merchandise and product line-up standpoint, we are in a great position. I think from a pricing perspective, we are in a great position. I don't see any reason that we won't continue to generate industry-leading comparable store sales.
Michael Lasser: And my last question is on the LIFO charge that you are going to see in the second quarter, and putting your gross margin for the full-year at the low end of the range. So now should we interpret that, the gross margin is going to be a little bit lower than what you thought for the full-year, but yet the benefit from that will carry into next year. And so perhaps the gross margin next year will be a little bit better than what was previously thought?
Greg Henslee: Yes. The benefit from the cost reductions that we have will be ongoing from this point forward, but we'll have the second quarter headwind of the write-down in the inventory that we are taking as a result of the cost reductions, which will affect our full-year gross margin. But well still end up in the range that we had given at the first of the year.
Michael Lasser: Okay. Thank you so much and good luck with the quarter.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: From Jefferies, we have Bret Jordan online. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: I got on just a hair late. Did you talk about regional performance? I heard you talking about categories like brakes and chassis that were strong, but did you talk about the map at all?
Jeff Shaw: We didn't talk about the map at all. I'll make a few comments on that. We had solid comp contribution really from all areas of the country, with the best outperformance being in the Southeast and mid-Atlantic regions. But really all parts of the country had solid comparable store sales.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then as you've expanded into the East in some of the non-legacy markets, do you see the customer product mix change at all? Is there more demand for branded parts where people are less familiar with O'Reilly as a retailer? Or are you pretty consistent direct source versus branded?
Greg Henslee: We offer both in many product categories. Generally speaking, our - we call them private labels, but we really market them as branded product because they are high-quality products that we sell in boxes that are the brains that we represent, although most, we consider them private label. It's just from a pure acquisition and supply standpoint. But generally speaking, the performance of our proprietary brands or private labels has been better than with our branded products, even in those markets that you spoke of.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you. And I guess one last just housekeeping. Is there a reason that you couldn't take AP to inventory well over the 103%? Is - I mean, obviously, you cracked that 100% barrier; now you're talking about it being around 100% for the year. But the leader is at 112%. Is there a reason why you couldn't be there?
Greg Henslee: Bret, we are never going to stop trying. But there are some challenges with that when you compare us to the other company you are talking about, relative to some of the brands that we carry, which are just more traditional represented brands. And they supply some customers who, if they gave those terms to us, where they would have to give them to those customers, and they're just reluctant to do that. And frankly, their brands are strong enough that they are able to encourage us to buy their products without the terms. And we are happy to do so.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Simeon Gutman online. Please go ahead.
Simeon Gutman: Thanks. Good morning. The first question, to build on something Michael asked regarding market share gains, Greg, the two categories where we suspect that are O'Reilly was picking up some share, were filters and then in the belt, the belts categories. Was there anything - I don't know if you will agree with those categories, but if you look at those in particular, is there anything regarding the sales trends there that suggests there is a topping off or just a slowdown in momentum?
Greg Henslee: No, there's not. At least to this point, there's not. I mean at some point, as we have, we start further anniversarying some of the changes that took place in the competitive landscape. And the solid gains we've had in those categories as a result of those changes, I would expect the comp percentage and dollars on a comparative basis to decrease some. But to this point, we've not seen that.
Simeon Gutman: And the timing for the anniversarying, was it - is it in the first-half of this year or does it happen more in the latter half?
Greg Henslee: Yes, I believe it would be about this time last year. So I think it's - I think we are coming up on that period now.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. And then second question, regarding buybacks. I think, this quarter, you spent more in Q1 than any previous, I think since you initiated the buyback program. And I'm sure you will respond talking about it opportunistically, but any rhyme or reason as to the timing or the magnitude this time around?
Greg Henslee: Yes, Tom, do you want to take that?
Tom McFall: We don't have a very long open window during this period each year because of the time to file the K. So we buy off the grid and the market cooperated better with our grid this year than it did last year.
Simeon Gutman: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Simeon.
Operator: From Wedbush, we have Seth Basham online. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Basham: My first question is around the commercial business. Could you give some more color on what areas of that business you are seeing the most strength from in terms of account size, more strength from the national or regional accounts or the up-and-down-the-street accounts?
Greg Henslee: Jeff, do you want to take that?
Jeff Shaw: Yes, I mean there again, I think that we've probably been more aggressive on the national accounts than we have been in the past. So we are seeing solid growth there. But I mean we focus on every account in the market, and get out there and work every account. And we are seeing growth on really both sides of the business.
Greg Henslee: The majority of our business obviously is not national account business. So we've - we're very successful with the up-and-down-the-street shops, which is the majority of our business and the majority of our comp store sales growth.
Seth Basham: Fair enough. And then, Tom, on the LIFO issue, if you could give some color on when you expect to fully recapture that $23 million?
Tom McFall: Well, it will depend on our sales sell through. Part of the reduction will be captured this year. It's probably a one year recapture on that.
Seth Basham: Very good. Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Thank you.
Operator: From Evercore ISI, we have Greg Melich online. Please go ahead.
Mike Montani: Hey, good morning. This is Mike Montani on for Greg. Just wanted to ask, if I could, about inflation. You know, Greg, you called out there is none of it really happening today, but the question I had was around the potential for increased labor cost, depending on what happens with Department of Labor rulings on overtime, and also potential interest rate increases. So, Tom, I don't know if you can talk about your ability to pass those things through if it happens, and how you might manage labor between store managers and assistant managers to preserve margin?
Tom McFall: Well, obviously, we are monitoring closely expected changes that are going to come out. The key for us is an input cost, so our competitors are going to have the same costs that we are, and we would anticipate passing those along. The key for us is to make sure that our compensation plans continue to have our store managers run the business like they own it. So that's a very sensitive area for us. On interest rates, to the extent that interest rates go up for our suppliers, interest rates are an input costs into their product and we would expect that increased - potential increased acquisition cost to hit across the industry and be passed along. From an individual, our Company interest rate perspective, all our debt is locked.
Mike Montani: Have you all seen anything? Or are there any grumblings as of yet that there could be some inflation in the pipeline? Or is that premature?
Tom McFall: We have not seen that denoted by our LIFO charges.
Mike Montani: And the last one I had was just on Easter shift. Could that have been part of the reason for slowing in March? And then also, commensurately part of the reason for April to be better? Could you just give some extra color around that, please, Greg?
Greg Henslee: Of course, there is a calendar shift, and it would have put some pressure in March and then we have a little bit of benefit in April. I think we'd estimate it to be about, what, 30 basis points maybe or something like that? Yes.
Mike Montani: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Thank you.
Operator: William Blair & Co., we have Daniel Hofkin online. Please go ahead.
Daniel Hofkin: Good afternoon. Just wondering if you could - as you are looking forward, and it sounded like you expect some of the tailwinds to continue, although perhaps at a lesser rate, just what specifically would you expect to diminish, if you will, in terms of year-over-year benefit?
Greg Henslee: Year-over-year benefit just in comp store sales growth, Dan?
Daniel Hofkin: Yeah.
Greg Henslee: Well, we - like I said earlier, we just have tougher comparisons. We are not really expecting any diminishing trend. We think miles driven being up like it is, is a contributor. The average age of vehicles is a contributor. Employment being where it is, is a contributor. I know there's some ways around whether or not the soft winter will hurt demand. And certainly, in some markets, that could have some effect on under-car parts that can be damaged on rough roads and potholes and stuff like that. But generally speaking, we are not anticipating a diminishing trend.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. And then just one additional follow-up on the whole LIFO thing, so just to be clear, that's $23 million on top of whatever underlying LIFO charge you might have already expected to have in 2Q, is that correct?
Greg Henslee: That is correct.
Daniel Hofkin: Can you give us a rough idea of what you're expecting then for the overall gross margin for the second quarter? I mean that's about a 100 basis point incremental drag, if I understand.
Greg Henslee: Well, we have said that gross margin is going to be relatively consistent quarter-to-quarter. We don't give quarterly gross margin guidance. So I think it would be safe to pick which number you think it is in the range and apply that specific charge to come up with a gross margin for the quarter.
Daniel Hofkin: Okay. Thanks very much.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: From Oppenheimer, we have Brian Nagel online. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question with respect - I guess bigger picture in nature, with respect to gas prices, you've called out and I think you mentioned today in your prepared comments again that lower gas price has definitely been a benefit to your business. And I agree. As you look at gas prices, and potentially having bounced off the bottom here recently, do you think this move higher could have any impact negative on your business or is there a level you are looking at where it maybe becomes more - if gas prices reach a certain point, it becomes more of a negative, or at least less of a tailwind going forward?
Greg Henslee: I think when gas prices get up in the mid-3s like they were at one point I think it becomes a factor. It starts affecting miles driven, which is really the primary driver of demand in our business. So, to the extent that it hurts people's discretionary money and the money they have to spend on things that can be potentially deferred has an effect, and then of course miles driven. I don't think it was the increases that we've seen. I think that's pretty minor to this point and it's not a factor. But if gas prices were to spike back into the 3s or mid-3s or something like that per gallon, that becomes a factor.
Brian Nagel: Okay. It's real helpful. And the second question - short-term in nature - but Leap Day. So you called that out, it was so to say a benefit to the quarter. Just to be clear, Leap Day doesn't show up in your comps then, correctly - correct?
Tom McFall: Yes, the 6.1 comp is excluding the additional day. If we include the day, our comp was 7.4.
Brian Nagel: Okay. So in view of this - I know it's kind of a silly question, but okay, so you didn't include it here. Does that potentially take away from comp store sales, either in Q1 or Q2, because I would assume all the sales are not incremental?
Greg Henslee: Well, I mean, it was just another day. It was a Monday, and we included it in our Q1 report for everything, other than we called out our comps separately excluding today, because it would be comparing an extra day to a day short to prior-year. So, it's included in Q1. It was a Monday, so that's a good day. But it really would have no effect on Q2.
Brian Nagel: Okay, thanks.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Deutsche Bank, we have Mike Baker online. Please go ahead.
Mike Baker: Hey, thanks. So a couple of questions. Just to be clear, you said that April - you said that trends had improved since March, but you had said that March was in line and now you are saying April was in line. So maybe I'm trying to cut it too finely, but I was just trying to square those two comments. If trends had improved, I would assume that April was better than in-line, which is what March was?
Greg Henslee: Yes. Well, what I would say is late March and early April, we saw a little bit of a decline in demand with some pretty significant weather events that happened in different parts of the country, really more than one. With the start of spring and kind of the spring warm weather hitting in most markets, we've seen improving trends and strengthening of our comp store sales. And to this point in the quarter, we are in line with our expectations. And we would expect that trend that we are on to continue.
Mike Baker: I understand. So, early April was weak, but since then, it's been better. A couple more little questions. One, you said that the Easter shift helped or hurt by 30 basis points. That hurt the month of March by 30 basis points or the total quarter by 30 basis points?
Greg Henslee: The total quarter.
Mike Baker: Okay, excellent. One more for you, if I could. Just on the guidance. So, you kept the guidance the same. You beat the midpoint of the first quarter by $0.13, but you are taking this LIFO charge, which pretty much offsets that. So, effectively then, if you didn't have the LIFO charge, I assume the guidance would be going up. But I guess here's the question. You also have a lower share count than you had originally contemplated because you bought back stock in the first quarter. So I would think that the guidance would go up anyway, even with those two offsetting factors, just because of the lower share count, and then maybe offsetting the higher interest expense expected? Just wondering about that. Thanks.
Tom McFall: That's correct. The higher interest is a known factor. So we have included it within our guidance. But as is our practice, share repurchases after today are not included in our guidance.
Mike Baker: Okay. So the guidance takes the hit but doesn't give you the benefit. Understood. Thanks.
Greg Henslee: Thanks.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we have Matthew Fassler online. Please go ahead.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks so much and good morning. My first question is for Jeff. You spoke a lot about expenses, and you already got a question on overtime. Just generally speaking, as you think about wage pressures in the marketplace, to the extent that you are seeing more competition for your associates, I know that you have great retention but anything in the environment that suggests incipient pressure on wages?
Jeff Shaw: No, nothing really any different than we've seen in the past. I mean, there's always a scramble for great people in the market. But nothing - really no changes that we've seen.
Matthew Fassler: Great. I have two quick financial cleanup questions. I know you've gotten lots of questions on LIFO, but as we think about next year and I know you're not guiding to next year at all, should we think about, specifically for the second quarter, more or less the full recapture of that $23 million of LIFO, i.e., a particularly easy gross margin compare that should lead to an outsized increase in gross margin in Q2 based on cycling the LIFO charge alone?
Greg Henslee: Hard to know what's going to happen a year from now, but you would expect that we would have the absence of that LIFO - big LIFO charge in the second quarter of next year and see a big year-over-year gain.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. And then, finally, Greg, you spoke about January/February in contrast to March, and I know you just gave us a little more color on what happened within March and early April, but can you dimensionalize the magnitude of the difference in the rate of sales growth between the first two months of the quarter and the last month of the quarter?
Greg Henslee: It was not that significant. February was the strongest month, but the differences were not that significant. But it was a difference that was worth mentioning, because I know you all like to know the cadence of how the quarter progressed. And we would have viewed the end of the period as being the weaker portion directly related to some of the weather things that we were talking about in the spring, that have now strengthened as spring has gotten here.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Thank you so much, guys.
Greg Henslee: Thank you.
Operator: From BB&T Capital Markets, we have Tony Cristello online. Please go ahead.
Tony Cristello: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Greg Henslee: Sure. Tony.
Tony Cristello: I wanted to talk about Texas. And it's a market where you've got a new distribution center opening up, and I believe you've got about 1.3 million or so square feet existing. It's a market that's got about 14% of your store mix. And so what I'm wondering is what benefits will we see as a result of adding - well, I guess close to 500,000 or so square feet to this existing market, whether it's distribution benefits or fill rate benefits or cost efficiencies, because it is such a meaningful part of your store mix.
Greg Henslee: Yeah. Well, there are several benefits. One would be that we are - we have our Houston distribution center and our Dallas-Fort Worth distribution center both running overcapacity, which causes them to not be as efficient from a cost of operations as they could be. And then from a service-level standpoint, we don't feel like they do quite as well as they could if they were operating at a more optimal store count. So there will be some benefit there. And then in addition to that, as we offload some of the stores that are supplied by those DCs, we can take advantage of expansion opportunities that we see for new stores in both those markets. Because those are both very robust markets for us where we have back-fill opportunities, and have the need and the opportunity to add some stores in those markets that we really don't have the distribution capacity to add today but will have the future. And then, additionally, with the opening of San Antonio, both San Antonio and Austin are incredible growth markets. And today they are serviced by hub stores, which is just not optimal if you want to be the dominant auto parts supplier in those markets, which we do. And by putting that distribution center north of San Antonio, south of Austin, we can touch stores in both markets on a same-day basis, and give us an opportunity to increase penetration with existing customers and develop relationships with new customers. And then as we continue to expand, expand more easily from just a store count perspective, because we'll have the capacity to do so out of San Antonio.
Tony Cristello: Okay, that's very helpful. And then so - I mean Texas has got a lot of land and opportunity for you to put distribution centers. As you start to move into the Northeast and even into some of the East Coast markets, are you more constrained with your approach of how you have to build your distribution network or do you still think you can optimize it similar to what you are doing here in Texas?
Greg Henslee: No, our plan is to execute the same business plan and strategy that we've executed across the country, as we expand into some of these Northeast markets that are more densely populated and have more cars than people. Certainly, having parts close to the customer is a critical component of success in our business, and we'll continue to execute the strategy that allows us to have distribution capacity that allows us that availability advantage that's so important, we feel like, to our success.
Tony Cristello: Okay, that's great. Thanks for your time.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thanks, Tony.
Operator: From Citi Research, we have Kate McShane online. Please go ahead.
Kate McShane: Hi, thank you. This is just building on the last question and some of your prepared comments, but one of the competitive advantages that you listed as to why things continue to go so well for the business, is the supply chain. And while I know the DC network is very important, I wondered what longer-term investments sort of just continuing investments you can - you make in the supply chain to continue to be at your best and have that competitive advantage?
Greg Henslee: Yeah. I think we continue to invest in supply chain from an efficiency standpoint. We continue to look for appropriate means to make more parts available on a same-day basis to our stores. You know, as cars continue to use more different parts on a year-over-year basis, this proliferation of the number of part numbers that it takes to cover the vehicle population in the US becomes a more important factor in being that first-call supplier. So we have some things that we can do to even further leverage the existing distribution network we have. And then in the future, we'll be working on ways to improve availability. Important to us is maintaining a competitive gap in availability. And we feel like we have that today. And we feel like we have the ability to continue to maintain that gap, as our competitors further realize the importance of availability and work to expand their availability on a same-day basis. And we will continue to work on ways to do that.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Kate.
Operator: From Gabelli, we have Carolina Jolly online. Please go ahead.
Carolina Jolly: Hi. Thanks for taking my call.
Greg Henslee: Thank you.
Carolina Jolly: And just one quick follow-up on the Easter shift, you said 30 basis points to the headwind. Just wanted to see if you had that either in EPS numbers or if you had a Leap Year in comps, or that you ?
Greg Henslee: Okay, the Leap Year in comps, if we included it, would be - we would have had a 7.4% comp in the quarter if we had included Leap Day. I'm unsure of the 30 basis point Easter effect in sales on EPS.
Jeff Shaw: We are open on Easter. Easter business is just slower.
Greg Henslee: Yeah, I assumed everybody knew that we didn't close the stores on Easter. We are just not as busy on Easter as we are any other Sunday.
Carolina Jolly: Great. Thanks. And then to follow-up on your comment from the last question, you kind of mentioned that some people are improving their efficiency. Can you talk about ways you are maintaining the share gains that you kept in the past, other than availability? And then also what would stop maybe some of your competitors from trying to compete on price?
Greg Henslee: Nothing, I think that our competitors are very price competitive today. I think we have always been in a very price competitive business. So that's always something that we monitor and shop and watch for. But you know pricing has remained rational for some time and we would expect it to in the future. Our competitors - many of them have really good supply chains. I think ours is, generally speaking, more robust. And I think that we maintain availability gap over most of our competitors, but I think some of our competitors are improving them. And I think they have the ability to improve them. It simply takes time and execution. Distribution centers are long-term commitments, so some of the strategies that some of our competitors have in place now are hard things to roll up and change quickly. But I think, over time, if our competitors have the will and the ability to execute a different supply chain strategy, they will do so. At the same time, we'll be working to maintain a supply chain and availability benefit and positive GAAP for us, which we been successful at doing in the past.
Carolina Jolly: Great, thank you.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Chris Bottiglieri online. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: Thank you for taking the call. A couple questions. Sorry to lead with LIFO, but with the $13 million, was that related to the $23 million or is it a whole separate issue?
Tom McFall: Different lines and categories.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay, different lines and categories. But same supplier or ?
Tom McFall: Different suppliers.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. And then for the back-half of the year, do you anticipate any other material LIFO charges? Or it could be just kind of more like Q4, Q3 pace that you had last year?
Tom McFall: They have been significantly higher than we had planned. We're not planning those types of numbers in the back-half.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. All right and then a couple of bigger quick - bigger picture questions. I saw you announced - or not that you announced; I think it was announced that you've partnered with an industry consultant on creating a new backend for your website. Wonder if you could talk about that? And then bigger picture, can you talk more about the O'Reilly First Call online program? What percentage of your commercial sales are done through eCatalog versus store calls? And kind of how do you see that trending in the future? And then implications you think that has on allocating labor to new business versus serving existing?
Greg Henslee: Okay. Well, our relationship with Broadleaf is simply an effort to refresh and upgrade our web presence, and we are in the process of doing so. They've got a great platform, and we are enthused about the opportunity to work with such a progressive company. And we feel like we have some opportunity to improve our Internet presence, and are in the process of doing so. And I'm sorry, what was your second question?
Chris Bottiglieri: The second question was generally speaking. Could you talk about the First Call online?
Greg Henslee: Yeah.
Chris Bottiglieri: Like what percent of your customers are using eCatalog to order versus calling out Parts Pro, kind of how you see that trending long-term?
Greg Henslee: Yes. It's grown a lot over the last few years. And we have a very strong Web presence when it comes to B2B, and we have had for a number of years. I would suspect that we are one of the higher suppliers from a percentage standpoint, when it comes to the percentage of our sales on the professional side that are done electronically. I actually don't have the percentage in front of me. It's grown significantly and it will continue to grow. Still, the vast majority of our business is done via phone call. It will be - yeah, it's still phone call. So we have a lot of opportunity, over time, to convert that business to electronic, which we think is pretty sticky. The customers, once they start using your systems, it can stick with you pretty well. And then secondly, it creates some efficiency for us at the store by not taking a phone call, and simply receiving a pick ticket and shipping a part. But the trade-off is you don't maybe develop as close of a personal relationship with a customer as you would on a phone call. So there's some trade-offs. But phone call is still the majority of our professional business.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. Thank you for your time.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We've reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Brandon. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly team for our outstanding first quarter results. We are extremely proud of our record-breaking first quarter, and remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share, and are focused on continuing our momentum throughout 2016. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. And we look forward to reporting our 2016 second quarter results in July. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall  Chief Financial Officer Greg Henslee  Chief Executive Officer Jeff Shaw  Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Tony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs Dan Wewer  Raymond James Christopher Horvers  JPMorgan Alan Rifkin  Barclays Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Mike Baker  Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to the OReilly Automotive Incorporate Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrian. And I will be your operator for todays call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later well conduct a 30 minutes question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Tom McFall. Tom McFall you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Adrian. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During todays conference call well discuss our fourth quarter 2015 results and our outlook for the first quarter full year 2016. After our prepared comments we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, Id like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements. And we intend to be covered by and we claim protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. The companys actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the companys latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the OReilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is of course Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David OReilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Johnson, our Executive Vice President of Supply Chain are also present. Its my great pleasure to congratulate Team OReilly on our incredible performance in 2015. We had simply an outstanding year. Our fourth quarter comparable store sales increases 7.7% completes a year where we generated comparable store sales increases in excess of 7% all four quarters and generated an industry-leading annual comparable store sales growth of 7.5%. These outstanding results are the direct result of our team of over 71,000 dedicated team members earning market share by providing consistently excellent levels of customer service. Our considerable 2015 market share gains are even more impressive when one considers our four consecutive quarters of 7 plus percent comparable store sales growth comes on top of our strong 2014 results when we generated comparative sales growth in excess of 5% each quarter and a 6% comparable store sales growth for the full year of 2014. This consistently robust top line performance is the direct result of our teams dedication to living the OReilly culture of providing incredible levels of service to each of our valued customers. And I want to thank each of our team members for their continued contribution to our companys long-term success. For the fourth quarter, we robustly grew sales by 10.5% and for the full year, we generated 10.4% total sales growth. With our focus on growing sales profitably and controlling our expenses, we generated a fourth quarter operating profit of 18.6%. For the full year, we generated a record operating profit of 19%, which was 140 basis point improvement over 2014. During the quarter we generated earnings per share of $2.19, which represents an increase of 24% over the prior year. This quarter represents the 28th consecutive quarter we have grown EPS in excess of 15%. For the year, we generated EPS of $9.17 a share which was an increase of 25% over the prior year. This year represents the 7th straight year we have generated annual EPS growth in excess of 20%. And I couldnt be more pleased with our teams consistent efforts all the way down our income statement that starting with the always critical top line driven by our teams effort to provide unsurpassed service and earn our customers business year-after-year. When we look at our sales performance for the quarter, it was relatively consistent on a month-to-month basis. November was a little slower on the DIY side of the business as the warmer than normal temperatures across many of our winter-sensitive markets created a headwind to some of the cold weather-related categories. However, with the onset of colder temperatures, we were able to capture this deferred demand in December and finish the year on a high note. The composition of our in the fourth quarter was very similar to the whole year. Both our professional and DIY sides of the business were strong contributors to our comparable store sales growth with professional being slightly higher. Increases in comparable transaction count and ticket average contributed equally to our growth with a larger contribution from our professional ticket count although our DIY ticket growth continues to be strong. The increase in average ticket continues to be driven by the secular industry driver of parts complexity with no help from increases in selling price as inflation remains muted. Our performance for the quarter as weve seen over the past year and a half was driven by key hard part categories such as brakes, driveline, chassis and batteries. Through November, the latest data available, miles driven were up 3.5% year-to-date representing 21 straight months of year-over-year increases. We feel this positive trend driven by low gas prices and improving employment has been an important factor in fueling our robust comparable store sales growth. For 2016, we expect to see positive tailwinds from continued modest improvements in total employment and low gas prices, which will continue to support further increases in miles driven and demand in our industry. Although at a lesser degree on year-over-year basis compared to the significant tailwinds we had in 2015. We also remain extremely confident in our teams ability to provide industry leading customer service and gain market share and our first quarter is off to a solid start. However, after generating comparable store sales gains of 7.5% and 6% the last two years, we face difficult comparisons on a two year and three year stack basis. Taking all these factors into account, we are establishing both our first quarter and full year comparable store sales guidance at 3% to 5%. We will exclude the additional Lea day from 2016 comparable store sales when we report our first quarter results and have accordingly excluded it from our sales guidance ranges. We are establishing our full year 2016 operating profit guidance at a range of 19.3% to 19.7% of sales. The increase over the prior year is driven by further gross margin improvements and reduced legal costs which Jeff and Tom will discuss in more detail. For earnings per share, we are establishing our first quarter guidance at $2.41 to $2.51 and for the full year, our guidance is $10.10 to $10.50. Our guidance includes all the shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any future share repurchases. Before I finish up my prepared comments, I would like to again thank our team for our record-breaking 2015 results. We remain very confident in the long-term drivers for demand in our industry and we believe we are very well-positioned to capitalize on this demand by consistently providing industry leading service to our customers every day. Again, congratulations to Team OReilly for their record year and the great start we have to our first quarter. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Id like to begin my remarks by congratulating Team OReilly on our phenomenal execution in 2015. Our team members take a lot of pride in OReilly Auto Parts, our culture and our service customer. With the 7% plus comparable store sales growth we generated in all four quarters of 2015 theres certainly a lot to be proud of. Once again, our teams focus on providing top-notch customer service allowed us to generate comparable store sales that led our industry. For the quarter, we grew total revenues 10.5% and total gross margin dollars by 12.7%. For the year, we grew sales by 10.4% and gross margin dollars by 12.2%. Our ability to generate sustainable, profitable growth is the direct result of our ability to provide exceptional service, a wide product offering and competitive prices and superior parts availability. This growth doesnt happen without the dedication of our store, DC and office support teams. Now, well spend a little time talking about our SG&A expense in 2015 and our outlook for 2016. For the fourth quarter, we levered SG&A by 41 basis points and 55 basis points for the year both driven by our extremely strong sales results. As a reminder, included in the second quarter of 2015 was an adverse judgment in a long-term dispute with a former service provider which negatively impacted our full year SG&A by 24 basis points. Looking ahead to 2016 we expect SG&A leverage to benefit from the comparison to this item and more modest leverage on sales guidance that is not as robust as the extremely strong sales we generated in 2015. At the beginning of 2015 our guidance for the increase in average SG&A per store was 1.5%. Well, we came in at a 2.8% increase which is in line with our expectations, given our extremely strong sales performance. With comparable store sales of 7.5% versus our beginning of the year guidance of 3% to 5%, our SG&A exceeded our expectations driven by higher variable compensation at every level, higher variable costs associated with the increased customer counts. And as weve discussed on previous calls, our commitment to aggressively staff our stores to take better advantage of the favorable market conditions. Looking forward to 2016, we expect per store SG&A to grow at approximately 2% for the year. This is a little higher than our typical expectation of 1.5%. Three areas that are raising our expectations are, higher expected medical costs, somewhat more aggressive advertising campaign, and additional investments in our internal information systems capability. As we saw in 2015, this is our current plan but it could change as well continue to prudently manage SG&A expenses both up and down based on ongoing sales trends and the opportunities we see in the marketplace. For the quarter, we opened 48 net new stores including our first two stores in Connecticut and achieved our goal of opening 205 new stores for the year. Opening new stores is a long process that involves every area of our company and I would like to thank the entire team for their outstanding job in opening 205 great stores during 2015. As we discussed on our last call, our plan is to open 210 net new stores in 2016. Well open stores all across our footprint, 38 states in all. Areas of concentration will be Texas, as the new San Antonio DC will free up much-needed capacity across our existing three Texas DCs, the upper Great Lakes, as we continue to leverage capacity added with our new Chicago DC. Florida, as we continue to expand south with the support of our Lakeland DC, the western half of the country as we continue the long process of backfilling markets, and the northeast, as we begin ramping up openings in New England, supported by our Boston DC. Also in 2016, well begin the planned expansion of our Greensboro, North Carolina DC adding 200,000 square feet which will allow additional capacity for growth as we backfill those markets. Id like to finish up today by very quickly talking about our recent annual managers conference held in St. Louis earlier this month. Each year we get all of our store managers, district managers, regional managers and divisional vice presidents, as well as our sales and DC management team members together in one place at one time. To build leadership skills, enhance product knowledge, and share best practices across our company. The theme of this years conference was committed to service, then, now and always. And it perfectly summarized how our current and past success has been built on our unwavering commitment to our customer, and how our future is dependent on continually identifying, mentoring and promoting the next-generation leadership to live the OReilly culture of customer service. This conference always serves as a great springboard for the new year, and this years conference was the best one yet. Ill close my comments by again congratulating Team OReilly on their strong performance in 2015. Our team set the bar high this past year, but we can never rest on our laurels. Every day we must provide unwavering customer service that surpasses expectations and continues to earn our customers business. 2014 and 2015 were great years for our company. And Im confident, that we have the team in place to roll up our sleeves and out-service our competition taking market share in 2016. Once again, great job Team OReilly. Now Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks Jeff. Id also like to congratulate all of Team OReilly on another outstanding year. Now well take a closer look at our quarterly results and provide some additional guidance for 2016. For the quarter, sales increased $185 million comprised of $134 million increase in comp store sales, a $52 million increase in non-comp store sales, flat non-comp non-store sales, and $1 million decrease from closed stores. For 2016, were establishing our full year total revenue guidance at a range of $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 52.7% of sales and improved 103 basis points over the prior year. This exceeded our expectations as we benefitted from the mix of sales and leverage on distribution costs driven by the strong sales offset in part by minor LIFO headwinds. For the year gross margin was 52.3% of sales, an improvement of 85 basis points over the prior year. This was slightly above our beginning of the year guidance of 51.8% to 52.2% as we benefited from better than expected acquisition cost improvements and leverage on distribution costs offset in part by full year LIFO headwinds of $28 million. Looking forward to 2016, we expect gross margin to be in the range of 52.3% to 52.7% of sales. The improvement is the result of lower expected LIFO headwind and annualization of costs  excuse me, acquisition costs improvements from the last year, partially offset by pressure on DC leverage. We also assume pricing in the industry will remain rational. Our effective tax rate for the year was 36.2% of pre-tax income. Excluding the third quarter non-typical taxes reserve adjustment related to a previous acquisition, our effective tax rate met our expectations. For looking at 2016, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 36.7% of pre-tax income with the increase driven by the comparison to the favorable prior year non-typical tax reserve adjustment. On a quarterly basis, we expect the rate to be relatively consistent throughout the year with the exception of the third quarter when we adjust our tax reserves for the totaling of open tax periods. These estimates are subject to resolution of open audits and our success in qualifying for existing tax credit programs. For the year, free cash flow was $867 million which is $107 million increase from the prior year, driven by increased income, partially offset by a lower decrease in net inventory. Our guidance for 2016 is $750 million to $800 million which is below our strong 2015 results, as we expect a decrease in our net inventory investment on a year-over-year basis will be less, offset in part by our plan increase in net income. Inventory per store at the end of quarter is $576,000 which is 1.5% decrease from the end of 2014. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow first store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate and we definitely accomplish that goal in 2015. However, part of the 2015 decrease of per store inventory is timing related to a very strong 2015 sales. And accordingly for 2016, we expect our per store inventory to increase approximately 1.5%. This growth rate is still below our comparable store sales growth and we expect to continue our success of effectively deploying inventory. Our AP to inventory ratio finished the fourth quarter at 99%, which is an increase of 4% over the prior year, as we benefitted from incrementally improved terms and high sales volumes. For year ended 2016, we expect AP to inventory ratio approximately 100% as we incrementally improve our vendor terms, but face the headwinds of lower expected sales growth. Capital expenditures for the year were $414 million, which is right in the middle of our guidance. For 2016 were forecasting CapEx at $460 million to $490 million. The increase is driven primarily by more new stores, a higher mix of owned stores, newer stores tending to be in higher cost areas, and store technology infrastructure upgrades. Moving on to debt, we finished the fourth quarter with adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.52 times, still well below our targeted ratio of 2 to 2.25 times. Were pleased to report that during the quarter our rating with Moodys was increased to Baa1, as our debt ratings are critical to our overall capital structure. We continue to believe our stated range is appropriate for our business and we will move into this range when the timing is appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program and from the date of our last conference call through today, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for an aggregate investment of $398 million at an average share price of $252.88. Since the inception of our buyback program, weve repurchased 51.8 million shares for an aggregate investment of $5.5 billion at an average share price of $106.10. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to shareholders after we take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business at a high rate of return, and we will prudently execute our program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns to our shareholders. As Greg mentioned earlier, our EPS guidance for the year is $10.10 to $10.50. Guidance includes all the shares repurchased through this call, but does not include any future share repurchases. One point Id like to add, we will see some lumpiness in our year-over-year comparisons. The comparison in the second quarter will benefit from the 2015 charge for the adverse judgment in the long-term dispute with a former service provider, and the comparison in third quarter will suffer from the 2015 favorable non-typical tax reserve adjustment related to a previous acquisition. These two unusual items net out in the full year comparison, but will create some noise in the second and third quarters. Finally, I would once again like to thank the entire OReilly team for continued dedication to the companys success. Congratulations on another outstanding year. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time Id like to ask Adrian, the operator, to return to the line and well be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Please limit questions to one question and one follow-up question. [Operator Instructions] And we have Tony Cristello from BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Tony Cristello: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for taking my call.
Greg Henslee: You bet. Good morning, Tony.
Tony Cristello: First question I had was when you look at the quarter and the comp, very strong, were there any geographical differences that you saw and are those trends still as robust as you entered into the first quarter here?
Greg Henslee: Throughout the year, weve had some geographical differences which are typically tied to better comp percentage growth in our expansion markets and less comp percentage growth in our older more established markets. And, yes, I think we would still be on that same kind of trend line geographically as we enter the first quarter.
Tony Cristello: And as a follow-up, has the robust environment allowed your maturity or ramp time to close? And I guess, are you getting to a faster maturity of some of your newer stores because of just the demand or is it sort of still DIY and it takes longer to get to commercial?
Greg Henslee: Tom, you want to take that?
Tom McFall: As typical, DIY is the business that you gain fastest primarily location-based when you are looking at do it for me business, it takes a while to build those relationships. As far as quicker to maturity, thats a hard question to answer. Obviously in good environments like we had in 2015, our new stores start at the high end of our expectations, and thats what we saw in 2015, where ultimately they mature to. Were not going to lower our expectation so we continue to see great opportunities for new stores, but they are performing very well.
Tony Cristello: And would you say that the store base in general is half or two-thirds mature and the other third being newer? Is that a good characterization?
Greg Henslee: Really, Tony, we dont think of any of them as being mature from a market share perspective. What I would think of as being a mature store would be those stores in the five-, six-year age range. And Tom, what would that be half  it would be  I dont know, may not quite half our stores, something like that.
Tom McFall: The CSK stores that we bought in that acquisition for primarily the do it for me, we had a lot of opportunities to build them and still do. So we consider most of those markets to be immature. So about half.
Tony Cristello: Yes.
Greg Henslee: But Tony, what I was saying, we just came back from our annual store managers conferences that Jeff was talking about and while we have many stores in many markets that have been in place for a long time and would be considered mature just from the time they have been opened, we have tons of opportunity to grow sales in those stores. I promise you, the goals that those stores set are not goals that would be reflective of what someone would typically think of as goals for a mature store.
Tony Cristello: Okay. That is great. Thanks for your time. Great quarter.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thanks, Tony.
Operator: And the next question comes from Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot. Good morning, gentlemen. How are you?
Greg Henslee: Good. Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Fassler: Good. A couple of questions. So your sales guidance looks to be consistent through the year. While you didnt guide to first quarter EBIT margin relative to the full year EPS margin, it looks like the implied earnings growth in the first quarter is stronger than the implied earnings growth for the year. And I know that share count is probably a small piece of that because the buyback would have a bigger impact percentage-wise on Q1 at least with what you have bought back to date. But anything in particular that would give you more visibility on EBIT margin in Q1 versus the year as a whole such that the implied EBIT margin would be up a lot more for the first quarter?
Greg Henslee: Great question, Matt. When we look at our LIFO charges from last year which are associated with our improved acquisition costs, they build throughout the year. So when we look at the first quarter, we have the biggest year-over-year gross margin improvement based on the build of those improved acquisition costs.
Matthew Fassler: What kind of swing from LIFO do you expect to see in Q1 in particular?
Greg Henslee: It was a pretty good  we have minor amounts of LIFO expected this year which is similar to how we did the plan last year. If you give me one second, I will
Matthew Fassler: Should we really think about the year ago number and this related compare rather than this years delta in Q1 that would make a difference?
Greg Henslee: Yes, I would look at gross margin as being relatively consistent throughout 2016.
Matthew Fassler: Yes. Got it. Thats helpful. And then secondly, you talked about supply chain and there is obviously a laundry list of DCs that you have built out and continue to build out and it sounds like in the comp range that you gave you would expect that that would not be a tailwind for you this year. What kind of comp do you need this year to leverage supply chain versus what you would need in a typically or where you maybe have a little less distribution maturing?
Greg Henslee: You take that, Tom?
Tom McFall: What I would tell you is that we had awful good fuel prices all year. And what happens with fuel prices will be a key to what that is. Within the comp range that we have, 3 to 5, we feel comfortable wed be able to create some leverage on DC expenses in a normal year, but obviously in 2015 we have very difficult comparisons and very low fuel costs.
Matthew Fassler: And have you marked your assumptions to spot which is obviously about as low as it has been in quite a long time?
Tom McFall: We make assumptions that  obviously the first quarter assumption is easier to make than fourth quarter assumption, but given that they are historically low, we would expect them to rise somewhat over the year.
Matthew Fassler: Understood. Thank you so much.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Wewer from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Dan Wewer: Thanks. Good morning, Greg.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Wewer: During the past year, you have talked about looking for acquisition opportunities, a great track record with CSK as an example. Now with Pep Boys apparently going to Icahn Enterprises, how are you thinking about acquisition opportunities either in the U.S. or maybe Canada or Mexico?
Greg Henslee: Well, we continue to look around. We are opportunists when it comes to acquisitions, but at the same time we go out and kind of seek out potential acquisitions as we expand in the new markets or sometimes even consideration backfilling in some markets. So we continue to look for something thats a good fit for us. We obviously would like to acquire someone that made sense to us up in the Northeast. Pep boys while it wasnt a perfect fit, the parts side of it would have been somewhat of a fit, although the price got to a point as we didnt have interest obviously. But yes, we want to acquire companies that make sense for us. We continue to look for that and we would consider companies that were in  or outside the U.S. as long as they were in countries that we felt like we wanted to do business in.
Dan Wewer: Is there anything significant left?
Greg Henslee: Well, yes, up in the Northeast, there are several companies up there. I wont run through the list of names because I dont want them to feel like Im trying to chase them down or anything, but theres a lot of companies up there doing business. And we would be interested in some of those that are good geographical and good business model fits for us. There are still chains that are not publicly traded that are 400 stores and several in the 100 to 200 range and some less than that that are high-quality family-owned businesses.
Dan Wewer: This is an unrelated question, can you remind me what OReilly is doing in the way of global sourcing, I guess particularly as you grow your private label business? And then related to that with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, is there expected to be any margin benefit I guess if said that would kick in later in 2016?
Greg Henslee: Yes. We do globally source several products as really all of our competitors do for instance in brake rotors and brake drums, there literally is not a manufacturer in the U.S. that is large enough to supply us and many of our competitors now so most of those come from overseas. Yes, many of our products come from Mexico, a lot of our vendors in the aftermarket have opened operations in Mexico and are saving their freight and the lead times that they had in China. So we continue to buy a lot of products from China. We typically do that through a  someone that brokers these for us in China. We dont have our own office in China. Sometimes well direct import them in container loads to our DCs and sometimes well have a supplier or broker warehouse them for us and distribute from a warehouse here in the U.S. depending on the movement of the item.
Dan Wewer: And in terms of foreign exchange, are you baking in any benefit on cost of goods sold this year?
Greg Henslee: We obviously should have some cost decreases as a result and we work on that ongoing. We have a whole team in merchandise that works on that every day. So we would expect to see some incremental benefit as time goes along as we continue to renegotiate deals.
Dan Wewer: Okay, great. Thanks.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Dan. Operator And our next question comes from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. She got it. Just a question on the balance sheet which I am sure you are prepared for. Was the upgrade something that you were waiting for in terms of it lowers your cost to borrow and therefore using the balance sheet is more likely? Or is it more a discussion around the comp level? Because you are doing a 8 to 7, you didnt need to add debt to grow EPS north of 20% and obviously I think your shareholders appreciate that consistency. So how much of it was a rating and how much of it was simply, look, we just didnt really need the debt to grow earnings like that?
Tom McFall: Well, on the ratings I would tell you that from our opinion, the upgrade has been overdue. Hopefully nobody from Moodys is listening. We felt like the credit quality was already there. It doesnt actually improve our borrowing rate. Were fixed to the better of the two ratings, so we already had a BBB plus on the S&P side. Obviously not being split rated when we issue bonds is A positive, so were very happy about that. When we look at the debt, we generated a lot of cash this year, bought back a lot of shares, and are happy with where we are. Wouldnt say it was necessarily  we didnt need to. I would tell you that we manage our debt and we dont like to have cash on our balance sheet, it has got high carrying costs. To issue a bond and have more would make that much worse. But we are working that cash level down and well add more debt when it makes more sense.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. Greg, you mentioned that the weather dynamic was tougher in the fourth quarter November and it picked up in December which was somewhat ironic considering what others have said and also considering how warm December was at least in the Northeast up here. As you look out to the first half of this year, how would you qualify the weather backdrop? Is this more of a normal winter, not extremely cold, not extremely warm on a national basis and in your key markets because I think some people would make the argument that is not a great weather set up per se.
Greg Henslee: Yes. Well, the comment that I made related to November was primarily driven by some of the maintenance things that people do to their cars with the onset of cold weather, antifreeze coolant related. Our antifreeze coolant did poorly during November -- really it did poorly for the quarter but November was the driver of that poor quarterly performance. We picked up a lot of the business that we would have expected in November in December. I think that the weather can have an impact in some of the Northeast markets that maybe are subject to big potholes in the road that can do chassis and steering wear and damage on a car. In many markets, it is just not big of a factor. But I think that in many of our markets, it has kind of turned into more of a normal winter not an extreme winter but a normal winter. Although I know that if you look at the average temperatures it would tell you that it has been an abnormally warm winter and obviously that is true. But I wouldnt look at weather to be a big factor in hurting this years sales or driving this years sales. Summer is always an important factor because HVAC sales in the summertime are dependent to a large degree on hot weather and then of course battery failures are driven by hot weather. When you replace a battery in cold weather, its generally a symptom of the battery just being worn out and done but the damage that caused the battery to fail in cold weather was most likely done during the extreme heat. So we obviously would have some deferred lack of battery sales if we didnt have high heat in the summertime but we obviously dont expect that to be the case. So I would just say its weather neutral. I wish we were better at weather, we really dont. As we make our plans internally, we dont put a lot of consideration into weather and were expecting to have a solid year.
Christopher Horvers: That is very helpful. Thanks very much.
Greg Henslee: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alan Rifkin. Please go ahead.
Alan Rifkin: Thank you. Thank you very much for taking my question. Greg, with the acquisition of CSK now eight years ago, is it reasonable to assume that your gains in comp and EBIT margin are more a function of corporate-wide outperformance rather than a significant boost from just the stores that were in the former CSK markets? And then I have a follow-up.
Greg Henslee: Yeah it is a combination of good performance in the legacy CSK Stores, good performance in the core OReilly Stores and good performance in the stores that we have opened after we bought CSK that we include in the way that we look at it internally in our core stores. But generally speaking, as I said earlier if you look at comp percentage, our expansion markets are the highest growth percentages one would expect as those stores come up to what would be considered maybe an average store. And then our lower comp percentages would be our oldest markets where the stores are the most mature but across all divisions in 2015, we generated pretty darn impressive results.
Alan Rifkin: Okay and a follow-up if I may. Is the growth in commercial more a function of new account additions or is it more so an increase in the number of average ticket with existing accounts? Lastly if you will, since there is such a great concern on the part of the country heading into a potential recession, could you maybe just remind us how this company did during the last recession? Thanks a lot.
Greg Henslee: Okay. On the commercial business, it is a combination of both. It is a combination of gaining business with existing customers. It is hard to ever have 100% of a customers business. You can be first call and you garner a lot of the business, a lot of times they will buy stocking stuff from a wagon peddler and another supplier. There is always business out there to get. So our do it for me comp growth is a combination of both expanding business with existing customers and just new customers. So I wouldnt be able to apply a percentage to that. But it is a combination of both. If we do go into a recession and history repeats itself, I think there is that kind of initial shock that consumers go through as they realize that some of their retirement investments, things like that arent doing as well, unemployment of course goes up which is hurtful. But generally speaking, those things cause people to hang onto their cars longer and make decisions to maintain a car that they may have been considering trading off. And generally speaking, we perform pretty well during a recession or at least we have in the pas and I would expect that to continue to be the case if we were to go back into a recession again.
Alan Rifkin: Thank you very much. Best of luck.
Greg Henslee: Thank you, Alan.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey, guys, Ciccarelli.
Greg Henslee: Hey, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: So about 18 months ago or so you guys started to become a little bit more cautious on lets call it future gross margin expansion. So with the help of hindsight, what were the key drivers to pretty consistently exceeding your gross margin expectations? That is number one. Number two, when you look at 2015, Tom, can you tell us what the change was just in your merchandise margins rather than the whole?
Greg Henslee: You want to take the whole thing?
Tom McFall: I will answer the first one first. We are not going to break down the portions of our gross margin. On the 18 months ago, what we saw was some improvement as our CSK acquisition deals came due. If we look at the last 18 months we have had some critical categories where we have either made some changes to go to a house brand or there have been competitive situations out there with some shifts, major shifts in the market for suppliers and their capacity thats allowed us to garner better deals.
Greg Henslee: And from a distribution cost standpoint we continue to benefit from just good efficiencies in distribution and, of course, fuel costs are a significant factor in decreasing our distribution costs.
Scot Ciccarelli: And just given the progress that you have made over the last couple of years which has been obviously quite sizable, how should we think about it kind of longer-term? Is there moderation or just given the market share gains that you have been able to generate and you can kind of sustain the rate of expansion that you have been able to exhibit in the last year or two?
Greg Henslee: The rate of expansion that we have experienced over last couple years not sustainable. We would expect ongoing incremental improvements but we wouldnt expect to increase our gross margin at the rate that we have in the past. Tom, what would you say the rate that we word give if we were to give a projection?
Tom McFall: Probably 10 to 20 basis points. But what we would tell you is that our focus is not gross margin percentage. Our focus is our comparable gross margin dollar growth. And over the last three or four years, five years, our industry has generated those growth through increased percentage due to reduced acquisition costs without the benefit of top line inflation. And what I would tell you is at some point we will have inflation in the market that will help generate top line growth and flow through to our gross margin dollars.
Scot Ciccarelli: Sounds like they need you on the Fed Board there, Tom. All right, thanks a lot.
Tom McFall: Some day they are going to right.
Operator: And the next question comes from Mike Baker of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mike Baker: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to ask one longer-term question which comes up ever so often on this call. But it has to do with the aging of vehicles and I know in the past people have thought of the sweet spot as years 7 to 11 or maybe 6 to 12 and then you have said that has been extended; the sweet spot maybe goes out to year 15 or 16 now as people are keeping their cars on the road longer. But as I look at from SARS from seven, eight, nine, 10 years ago, the number of cars in that bucket even going out to 2015 looks like it is going to start to decline and in fact declined in 2015. So how do you think of that as impacting your overall industry understanding that you are taking market share but does that become a headwind at some point?
Greg Henslee: Well it obviously depends on the SAR in the coming years as well as what has happened in the past. What I would tell you is that I dont think we really know, what the end of this what we call our sweet spot in these later motor vehicles that have been  that were built much better from a drive train, body and interior perspectives in some of the older vehicles. Today, we monitor the parts that we sell and what they fit, while many parts cross years so its not always  you cant always get the exact date in unless we looked it up in our electronic system and track it. I can tell you that there are a lot of older cars on the road that back a few years ago would not be cars that we would be selling the volume of parts for that we do today. So I think that its a little bit of an unknown as to how long people will continue to drive some of these vehicles that are in the 13, 14, 15, 16 year age range but you see a lot of them around. And in markets where you dont have major corrosion issues like up in the Northeast where cars just get a lot of salt and corrode more than they would in some markets, I would expect that these cars will stay on the road longer than what most of us have foreseen. And that we will continue to sell parts for them for years to come. But, Tom I dont know if you have any additional comments on the vehicle population issue?
Tom McFall: We would tell you that a high SAR is good for our industry. The SAR and the scrap rate are two different items and to the extent that the scrap rate continues to stay low as these better engineered and manufactured vehicles stay on the road longer. And the SAR goes up we see more vehicles in the marketplace. And during the great recession, for the first time in a long, long, long time, the vehicle population in the U.S. flattened out. Our expectation is that it will continue to get back on a growth track and thats what we saw in 2015, well see in 2016. So a high SAR means that people are working, theyve got money in their pocket, those used cars are going become new cars for someone else. And more cars on the road driving more miles is good for our industry.
Mike Baker: Okay. Thanks for that color and that detailed answer. If I could slide in two more quick ones, what are you seeing in markets that are impacted by lower oil prices i.e., Texas? And then you talked about more aggressive advertising. Could you flesh that out a little bit, what quarter should we expect that to occur?
Greg Henslee: On the markets that are impacted by oil prices, Oklahoma and Texas will be two that we would call out and there are markets where it definitely has some effect on that heavy duty business or some of the items that might be sold to these oil rigs and the people that work in these oil rigs. Weve never been that good at that business. Some of our competitors put some effort into that but we dont do a lot of that. It has helped a little bit on the employment front because there is the opportunity for the guys that can make pretty good money working on those oil rigs. It definitely hurts the economies to some degree. Although Texas is growing so fast for multiple reasons that it continues to be just an absolutely fantastic market for us in a big part of our expansion has been down there and will continue to be down there as we fill out our San Antonio DC. But I would say that its certainly not a positive but its not much of a negative. But it will continue to be more of a negative if oil prices continue to stay down because a lot of the companies down there are smaller companies that will have cash pressure put on them if oil prices dont go up pretty soon. On advertising, Tom, do you want to take the advertising question?
Tom McFall: For advertising, we would expect to be higher spend in the second and third quarter which are our highest volume quarters.
Mike Baker: Thank you. Very helpful. Appreciate the time.
Greg Henslee: All right, thanks.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for questions. Ill now turn the call over to Greg Henslee for closing comments.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Adrian. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the OReilly Team for the outstanding 2015 results. We are extremely proud of our record-breaking fourth quarter and our full-year and we remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share and are focused on continuing our momentum throughout 2016. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to reporting our first quarter results in April. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Henslee - President and Chief Executive Officer Tom McFall - EVP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer Jeff Shaw - EVP of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Michael Lasser - UBS Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company Dan Wewer - Raymond James & Associates Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the OReilly Automotive Incorporated Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Ethan and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Ethan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During todays conference call, we will discuss our third quarter 2015 results and our outlook for the remainder of 2015. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, Id like to remind everyone that our comments today contain certain forward-looking statements that we intend to be covered by, and we claim the protection under, the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The companys actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the companys latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the OReilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David OReilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Johnson, our Executive Vice President of Supply Chain, are also present. Its my pleasure to again begin our quarterly call by congratulating team OReilly on another record-breaking quarter and an extremely successful first three quarters of 2015. Our team of over 72,000 dedicated team members continues to win business and take market share by providing consistently excellent customer service, evidenced by our third quarter 7.9% comparable store sales increase. In all three quarters of 2015, we have generated comparable store sales growth in excess of 7% and these results are on top of difficult comparisons as our team has generated a remarkable eight straight quarters of comparable store sales growth in excess of 5%. This consistently robust top line performance is the direct result of our teams dedication to living the OReilly culture of providing incredible levels of service to each of our valued customers. And I want to thank each of our team members for their continued contributions to our companys long-term success. For the third quarter, we robustly we grew our total sales by 10.8%. And with our focus on growing sales profitably and controlling our expenses, we generated our first ever 20% operating profit quarter. During the quarter, we resolved an historic tax item, which added $0.11 to our quarterly EPS of $2.64. This resolution, while very positive for the company, is not part of our ongoing business. So I think the more appropriate number to focus on is an adjusted third quarter EPS of $2.53, which represents an increase of 23% over the prior year. I couldnt be more pleased with the consistent efforts of our team members to provide unsurpassed service levels to our customers, as the third quarter of 2015 represents the 27th consecutive quarter of EPS growth in excess of 15%. The comparable store sales increase of 7.9% strongly exceeded our comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5%, and our performance was relatively consistent on a month-to-month basis. The composition of our comparable store sales growth in the third quarter was also very similar to the first two quarters of the year. Both our professional and DIY sides of the business were strong contributors to our comparable store sales growth, with professional being slightly higher. Increases in our comparable transaction count and ticket average contributed equally to our growth, with a larger contribution from our professional ticket count, although our DIY ticket count growth continues to be strong. The increase in average ticket continues to be driven by the secular industry driver of parts complexity, with little to no help from increases in selling price as inflation remains muted. Our performance for the third quarter, as weve seen over the past year and half, was driven by key hard part categories such as brakes, driveline, chassis and ride control. Additionally, as summer heated up in July, we were very pleased with our heat-related categories such as HVAC or temp control, batteries and rotating electrical. Through July, the latest data available, miles driven were up 3.6% for the year, representing 17 straight months of year-over-year increases. We feel this increase, driven by relatively low gas prices and improving employment, has been important factors in fueling our robust comparable store sales growth. In our business, the fourth quarter can be highly variable based on weather, especially in the second half as consumers focus on holiday shopping. Therefore, we feel its appropriate to establish our fourth quarter comparable store sales guidance at a range of 3% to 5%. And reflecting on our strong year-to-date sales results, we are increasing our full-year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 6.5% to 7%. Based on the strength of our first three quarters results, we are raising our full-year operating margin guidance from a range of 18.3% to18.7% of sales to a range of 18.6% to 18.9% of sales. This guidance range includes the net negative impact of the $19 million litigation charge from the second quarter, which we discussed during last quarters conference call. We are establishing our fourth quarter earnings per share guidance at a range of $1.97 to $2.01. And based on our strong year-to-date results, were increasing our full-year earnings per share guidance from a range of $8.59 to $8.69 to a range of $8.97 to $9.01. This full-year guidance range includes the negative impact of the second quarter litigation charge as well as the positive impact in the third quarter from the resolution of the historical tax item I discussed earlier, which, on a net basis, essentially offset one another. Before I finish up my prepared comments, I would like to again thank our team for our record-breaking third quarter results. We remain very confident in the long-term drivers for demand in our industry and we believe we are very well positioned to capitalize on this demand by consistently providing industry-leading service to our customers every day at every store. Again, congratulations to team OReilly for the very strong year-to-date results and the solid start we have to our fourth quarter through this point in October. Ill now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning everyone. Id like to begin today by echoing Gregs comments and congratulating team OReilly on another outstanding quarter. I couldnt be more proud of our teams get it done attitude, as they roll up their sleeves every day with the focus of providing top notch customer service and winning our customers business. Our industry-leading comparable store sales growth of 7.9% for the quarter and 7.4% for the first three quarters of 2015 is a testament to our team of 72,000-plus team members who are committed to providing consistently excellent customer service as we work tirelessly to make sure that were the friendliest and most knowledgeable parts store in every market we serve. For the quarter, we grew total revenues 10.8% and total gross margin dollars by 12.5%, proving yet again that our ability to provide exceptional service, a wide product offering at competitive prices and superior parts availability allows us to generate sustainable profitable growth. This growth doesnt happen without the dedication of our store, DC and office support teams. For the quarter, SG&A levered 87 basis points on our strong sales performance and average SG&A per store increased 2.9%. For the year, SG&A per store, excluding the unusual litigation item in the second quarter, increased 2.3%. As we discussed on the last few calls, our average per store SG&A spend has been higher than we planned at the beginning of the year. However, weve seen the opportunities to add hours to the stores to accelerate our share gain. Based on our strong year-to-date results, were very pleased with the direction weve taken, but we continue to closely monitor our sales volumes that will make the appropriate adjustments to ensure store payroll levels match the business. With our strong sales and profitability results, weve also seen a corresponding increase in variable compensation throughout the organization as we reward team members at every level of the company for running their business like they own it. For the year, we now expect average SG&A per store to increase approximately 2.25%. We successfully opened 58 net new stores during the quarter, and we continue to be very pleased with the performance from our new stores. During the quarter, we opened stores in 27 different states with the highest concentration in the Great Lakes area, which is primarily based on the weather dictating development timeframes. For the year, were confident well hit our target of 205 net new stores. For 2016, we expect to open 210 net new stores spread across our existing footprint and in new markets. Our ability to provide consistently excellent service at the stores is supported by our industry-leading parts availability, and Id like to thank our supply chain groups for the great service levels they provide to our stores. Were constantly evaluating stocking levels, expediting products with higher than planned sales, filling in on back order products, modifying routes to handle higher freight volumes and continually monitoring and adjusting our hub, DC, City Counter and weekend routes to ensure we have the best availability in each market we serve. The knowledge and dedication of our supply chain team is a critical contributor to our 7.4% year-to-date comparable store sales gain and is critical to our future ability to continue to grow market share. On that front, we continue to be on pace to open our San Antonio, Texas DC in the second quarter of 2016. Weve had a great year so far and we are well positioned to continue to provide our customers exceptional service levels and the best parts availability in the industry, so that we finish up the year strong. That said, we can never rest on our past successes, and we have to go out and earn the business each and every day by out-hustling and out-servicing our competitors and Im confident in our teams ability to do just that. Great job, team OReilly. Now, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Jeff. Id also like to thank all of team OReilly on another outstanding quarter. Now, we will take a closer look at our quarterly results and update our guidance for the remainder of 2015. For the quarter, sales increased $203 million, comprised of $145 million increase in comp store sales, $58 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $2 million increase in non-comp non-store sales, and a $2 million decrease from closed stores. Based on our strong year-to-date performance, were raising our full-year total revenue guidance to a range of $7.85 billion to $7.95 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 52.4% of sales, and it grew 78 basis points over the prior-year period. This was in line with our expectations as a positive mix and leverage on distribution costs offset a higher than expected LIFO charge of $5 million, which was 10 basis points less than last year. Based on our year-to-date results, were tightening our full-year gross margin guidance from a range of 51.8% to 52.2% of sales to a range of 52.0 % to 52.2% of sales. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 33.6% pretax income. During the third quarter of each year, we typically experience a lower tax rate as we adjust our tax reserves for a closed tax period. And as Greg mentioned earlier, we had a non-typical tax reserve adjustment this year related to a previous acquisition. This non-typical adjustment was a non-recurring, non-cash item, which added $0.11 to our quarterly EPS and lowered our effective tax rate by 2.7% pretax income. Excluding this item, our effective tax rate would have been 36.3%, which is where we thought we would be. For the fourth quarter, we expect an effective tax rate of approximately 37.3% of pretax income. Now, Ill move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results in the quarter and our updated guidance expectations for the full-year of 2015. Free cash flow for the quarter was $254 million. Based on our strong year-to-date performance, were revising our full-year guidance for free cash flow to a range of $800 million to $850 million, reflecting an increase of $75 million on both ends of the range. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $576,000, which is a 1.5% decrease from the end of 2014. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow first store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth can generate and we definitely accomplished that goal through the first three quarters of 2015. We continue to make great progress on reducing slow moving and overstocked product and replacing it with additional store-level inventory of products that are entering the higher-demand cycles. However, part of this decrease is timing related to the very strong sales during the first three quarters of the year and we continue to expect our per-store inventory to increase a little less than 1% per store for the full year. Our AP inventory ratio finished the third quarter at 101%. This is the first time our net inventory investment has been negative. Were excited about the accomplishment, but this ratio was aided by seasonality in our extremely strong sales. As a result, we expect to finish up 2015 at an AP inventory ratio just under 100%. Capital expenditures for the first nine months were $296 million, which was a little less than we planned, but we still expect our 2015 CapEx to be within the range of $400 million to $430 million. Moving on to debt, we finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.6 times -- still well-below our targeted ratio of 2% to 2.25%. We continue to believe our stated range is the appropriate level for our business, and we will move into this range when the time is appropriate. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and from July 1 through yesterday, we repurchased 1.3 million shares of our stock at an average cost of $239.81 per share, for a total investment of $305 million. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business at a higher rate of return. And well prudently execute our programs with an emphasis on long-term returns for our shareholders. For the fourth quarter, were establishing diluted earnings-per-share guidance of $1.97 to $2.01. Based on our above planned results thus far in 2015, and additional shares repurchased since our last call, for the full year, were raising our guidance to $8.97 to $9.01 per share, representing an increase of $0.35 per share at the midpoint from our previously announced guidance. As a reminder, our diluted earnings per share guidance for both the fourth quarter and full year take into account the shares repurchased through yesterday, but do not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. Finally, I like to once again thank the entire OReilly team for their continued dedication to the companys success. Congratulations on another outstanding performance in the third quarter. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, Id like to ask Keith and the operator to return to the line, and well be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser: First on the labor side, in your SG&A investments, youve made these investments for the last couple of years. At what point do you start to see some diminishing return where your SG&A is going up but youre just not seeing the benefit from it?
Tom McFall: What I would tell you is that we manage our payroll on a store-by-store basis and its a bottoms-up management. We monitor the business obviously on a daily and weekly basis and adjust payroll with a long-term view to grow the business. But to the extent that the ability to take market share wasnt as significant as we feel like it is right now, we wouldnt put as many hours in the store. What I would tell you is, its very variable based on what the store operations view is of the opportunity to accelerate growth.
Michael Lasser: Why do feel the opportunity to gain share is greater today than it might of been in the past?
Greg Henslee: What Id tell you, theres just a lot going on in the industry. You guys have seen the M&A activity thats going on. As some of the companies that have previously been more retail have come into the wholesale business, we see pressure being put on some of the weaker players in each market, which provides some opportunity for us. We beefed up our supply chain and the number of times that we touch each store in the last few years, and improved some of the retail services that we provide. And weve proven, I think, over the last two or three years or whatever, that we have the ability to pick up some market share. I think that were going to continue to be able to do that. And for that reason, were pretty robust in the way we deploy staffing in the stores as a means of continuing that trend of gaining market share.
Michael Lasser: And Greg, on that point, is that salary, given some of the activity this week with Pep Boys switching ownership?
Greg Henslee: I think thats just one of the many things. Its Dans and Carquest coming together, thats another. And theres other smaller ones that have taken place, like the Uni-Select thing with Carlecon, and things like that. One last item to add, Michael, is theres a lot of tailwinds in our industry. Unemployment is coming down. Commuter miles driven are going up. Miles driven are going up. So there is more opportunity for  theres a backdrop that says theres more business out there for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: My primary question relates to ticket trend. You spoke more eloquently than most about parts complexity as a driver of the business and as a fundamental contributor to your strength. Can you talk about the degree to which this is building? And if you think about the inning that were in, this might be an analyst game, I guess. What point do you feel, for perspective, you saw this start to move the ticket and is it having a growing impact on ticket as we move forward here?
Greg Henslee: I think it has had a growing impact and I think will continue to for the foreseeable future. Cars continue to increase in complexity. Theres a lot of technology thats being deployed in cars that wasnt a few years ago and I would expect that to continue to increase. An example would be  and we were talking about this internally the other day  when it comes to vehicle ignitions. For instance, cars just a few years ago had distributor caps with a rotor, and each cylinder had an ignition wire. And today, most vehicles have an ignition coil on each spark plug. And while the ignition coils arent replaced as part of normal vehicle maintenance during a tune-up and the cap and rotor and ignition wires would have been, when those coils fail, theyre very expensive, and at higher mileage as they fail. And the trade-off is, we sell a lot fewer units and maybe the frequency of the sale is less, but when we do sell a coil, its much more expensive sale. And since theres one on each cylinder, theres several of them on a car. And that kind of thing exists in several different areas. Fuel pumps. It used to be cars had mechanical fuel pumps or an in-line fuel pump going up to the carburetor or throttle body injection. And today, vehicles have an in-tank fuel pump that acts as not only the fuel pump, but also the fuel gauge sending unit, down in the fuel pump. Its a very technical part; they sell for on average maybe a couple hundred dollars a piece, whereas, the older fuel pumps might sell for $20 to $40 a piece. While they are good products, maybe dont fail as often as the old mechanical pumps or the in-line pumps, they are more expensive when they do.
Matthew Fassler: Just a very brief follow-up on working capital. To your point, you made it to negative working capital. You had not ever really guided past that 100% level. I understand that its easier to do when your philosophy is what it has been. But in an environment where your velocity recedes, if that were to happen, would you still have a trajectory, in your view, from a working capital perspective?
Tom McFall: What I would tell you is that we continue to work with each supplier to see where our opportunities are. Were excited that weve got to 101 this particular period. Well have some pressure as we go into the end of the year just based on velocity of business. If we hadnt posted to the externally strong comps that we have, we wouldnt have that ratio. When we look at long term, we continue to have some opportunities to extend some of our suppliers. But I think the key for us now is to really focus on what our inventory turns are, as we talked about in the prepared remarks to make sure, A, that we have the right products in the stores that are moving to provide customer service carried throughout our layers to optimize that. But really to work on where do we have inventory deployed that were not getting a return, and how do we adjust that. So thats a big driver to our inventory ratio.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: I wanted to, Greg, get your thoughts around weather, in the sense that theres a lot of discussion around El Nino. How do you think about that as you look into 2016, how that potentially plays out for a system, the structural positives around gas prices, and the aging car fleet? And as you look back over the past three quarters, do you think weather has been a plus or minus or a neutral?
Greg Henslee: We are not great predictors of the weather, and really looking back a few years, we really didnt spend that much time even talking about it. But as we got bigger, its become a little bit more of a factor, with our geographic expansion and so forth. This fall, most markets have not had really cold weather yet, and some of the periods that we compare to last year, where you had cold snaps that might drive short-term demand for batteries or something like. Weve not really had that yet in most markets, so thats yet to come. What I would say is, if we have a mild winter, some of the demand that would be created by the more extreme winter would be deferred a little bit. It would go into maybe next year if there were parts that were going to fail in the wintertime, or pressure that was put on parts that were going to fail anyway at some point, but didnt have the pressure put on them by the cold weather. So that might be kicked down the road to maybe the winter of 2016 or something like that. As weve always said, extreme weather is generally good for us. Real cold, real hot, causes parts to fail more premature than they would typically. But theyre still going to fail. It may push some of it down the road a little bit that we might gain during more extreme weather. I think this year has been pretty normal weather. I think that the summer started out pretty mild, but it turned out to be pretty hot in most markets. And we did well in some of the heat-related categories, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks. I think it was an average winter. I dont think it was extreme in most markets and I think we benefited as we typically would from the damage thats into cars in the extreme cold. I would expect that many markets would have some version of a cold winter this year, although I know that there could be some effect from this El Nino. So that would be my comment. I dont think its a major factor to consider. I think that the economic issues we discuss relative to gas prices, miles driven, the health of the consumer, employment rates improving are more powerful typically than what the weather would be.
Christopher Horvers: And then Tom, on the gross margin, can you talk about how much of the gross margin improvement is more sales-driven, i.e., the leverage that youre getting on distribution and perhaps better buying versus something more structural thats going on underneath?
Tom McFall: Chris, we are very hesitant to talk about our distribution costs. So were not going to break that out.
Christopher Horvers: Is there something else in terms of growing private label, or some other efficiency thats driving your gross margin that is not necessarily depending on the level of sales growth?
Tom McFall: We continue to look at where our opportunities are to direct our own brands. Thats a margin opportunity for us. We continue to look at how we distribute parts. We continue to look at where our opportunities are to leverage our size and buy better, sometimes to buy direct. So those all play into it.
Greg Henslee: Something I would add to that, Chris, is that, for the most part, vendors have after-market parts, many of them cant supply all of us, so they supply some of us. So many of them make choices as to who theyre going to do business with. And I think theyre trying to pick companies that they feel like will do a good job distributing their products and representing their products. I think to some degree weve benefited from being recognized as a pretty high-quality partner when it comes to partnering with a supplier. And for that reason, weve been afforded some gross margin opportunities that maybe we werent as a smaller company, and we are today. And then I think our merchandise cost is a pretty good contributor to our gross margin results.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital.
Scot Ciccarelli: The last seven quarters or so, you guys have experienced a pretty material ramp-up in your retail sales. It seems to coincide with the launch of your loyalty program. But its not a standalone issue, because you been adding weekend and night hours, et cetera. So two related questions. Number one, how much of your improvement in the retail sales are from these changes? And then how much do think is just from improvements in the market, such as the unemployment stuff youve already talked about? Number two, related to that, of the changes that youve made, what you think has had the bigger impact? Has it been the loyalty program or has it been the increase in store hours?
Greg Henslee: Those things are hard to know for sure. We know, as you know, that our retail business has grown pretty robustly. And the things youve mentioned relative to our efforts to staff better on nights and weekends, make sure that the service levels that we provide are extremely high and that we now include in those services we provide some things that we didnt three years ago, relative to the occasional battery installation or wiper blades or the occasional light bulb pulling check engine light and trouble codes off of cars, stuff like that. And then of course, the old rewards program, which we now have 18 million enrolled customers and were averaging 120, 125 a week new enrollees. And so all those things are contributors. And then of course the economy improving, miles driven improving are big contributors also to just the demand for parts retail. Its really hard for us to know. I think all the things put together have got us where we are. I think the old rewards programs very important. I think the services that we provide that we didnt provide previously, Im glad were providing them now. We probably should have done them a little earlier. And the staffing is just something that we have focused on for a long time, and weve just gotten better and better at it. And I think well continue to improve it as time goes along and we deploy better systems to help us manage the staffing in our stores, and make sure the store managers have the information they need to optimize the way they staff stores. But its hard for me to quantify which is the bigger contributor. They are all significant contributors.
Scot Ciccarelli: Let me rephrase part of the question then. When you look at specifically the loyalty program, how much of the improvement, or how much incremental sales do you think that loyalty program has been able to drive? If youre doing, as of August, doing 155,000 transactions per day on the loyalty program, thats a really sizable impact to business, I would think, but I dont know what part is incremental and what part is just, look, these guys are just going to take advantage of the program.
Greg Henslee: I dont have the numbers with me, but I will tell you, if we look at it that way, and I have looked at it that way, its pretty shocking, the number of transactions and the dollar contribution from our loyalty program. The thing thats impossible to know is how much of that business were we getting prior to the loyalty program? And there are customers that were coming to us previously and we signed them up on a loyalty card, and they continue to do business. And we hope theyre more loyal maybe than they were before. But maybe we were the only store they came to previously. We really dont have a good way of knowing. Although, as I said a moment ago, if you look just at the transactions and the dollar contribution from the people using our loyalty program, its material. But again, we dont have a way of knowing what wouldve gotten anyway. But I continue to believe that its been a positive thing for us, and will continue to be a positive thing for us as customers benefit from the rewards that we afford them and they reward us with their loyalty.
Operator: And our next question comes from Daniel Hofkin from William Blair & Company.
Daniel Hofkin: Just a little more color on this whole general topic of comps. If I understood you correctly, it sounded like you were describing market share gains in both segments. Youve talked in recent quarters about DIY showing maybe greater share gains for you, given some of the changes youve made the last couple of years. But it sounded like in addition to that, commercial, you felt like, either because of some of the squeeze out of smaller players, maybe thats picked up in terms of share gains for you as well. Is that a fair characterization?
Greg Henslee: I think so. Its hard for us to measure share gains, just like its hard for you all to measure share gains. And really our only means of measuring wholesale share gains basically is by comparing to the results of our publicly traded competitors and those that we know in the industry that tell us how their sales are. Thats really the only way we have of comparing. And I think the 7.9% comp that we generated in the third quarter speaks for itself relative to market share, but that really is a very basic comparison and a very general comment, when we say were gaining market share, and its strictly based on our perception of how were performing versus the companies that report publicly and those that we know in the industry.
Daniel Hofkin: I guess the question is obviously I dont think anyone is expecting that an 8% comp is the new run rate for you, but at the same time, your pace of share gains has picked up. And the things that you described as positive for the industry should be positive for everyone, yet your relative performance seems to have widened. So just trying to get a sense for what aspects of the performance you think are most sustainable in the next couple of years in either segment?
Greg Henslee: What I would tell you is we, me and 72,000 other people here, come to work every day trying to do the best job we can to provide great levels of service to our customer. And make sure we have the right parts in the right places, and we know what were talking about when it comes to selling parts and fixing cars. Were going to continue to do we do and were going to continue to try and improve things we do and improve the way we educate team members and improve our supply chain, improve the number of times we touch doors, improve the science behind how we deploy inventory. So to the extent that those things are contributing to our market share gains, which, I believe they are, I think we will continue to be a market share gainer. Yet all of us are subject to just the macro backdrop and the business that the automotive after-market is doing and right now, its pretty robust. So that some portion of the 7.9% comp and the 7.4% comp weve had for the year is a result of the market being pretty robust. And as I mentioned, I think that in a robust market, were in very good position to take market share because of the things I mentioned that I think we do pretty well. And theyre very basic things, but theyre things that weve done for years and we have just improved on as our company has grown and gotten older, and weve all gained more experience and we put more science behind it and things like that. So I wouldnt expect a change in our ability to grow market share, but the unknown, to some degree, is just the backdrop of what the macroeconomic environment provides.
Daniel Hofkin: Last just very quick housekeeping question is on the whole, you talk about the $0.11 benefit this quarter from the tax favorability. If I recall correctly, in the second quarter, you had the litigation on the unfavorable side. Dont those wash out overall so that the base comparison, if were thinking about projecting into next year and we look at the first nine months as a whole, you still get to a relatively clean base level of earnings. Am I correct about that?
Greg Henslee: Yes. Those two are pretty offsetting. One is pretax, one is post-tax. So they basically create a neutral.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Wewer from Raymond James.
Dan Wewer: I had a question regarding the fourth quarter guidance. In the first three quarters of the year, the actual earnings exceeded the high end of guidance by an average of $0.19 a share. Is there anything different about the upcoming fourth quarter that would make the comparisons more difficult?
Greg Henslee: Well, what I would tell you, Dan, is that in my history with OReilly, which is 31 years, I can tell you the fourth quarter is the most variable. There are things that can happen related to weather intercepting in some markets and doesnt in some markets and that can be a significant driver of early demand. And then also the holiday shopping season is always an unknown and the effect of that on our business is always a little bit of an unknown. Because of our history and our experience in all the fourth quarters that we have lived through, we know that fourth quarter is the most variable. And for that reason, we generally are pretty conservative. But were even  put more emphasis on our conservatism going into the fourth quarter as a result of the knowledge we have of the potential variability coming into the holiday season.
Dan Wewer: The second question, can you discuss OReillys success with the IP acquisition, knowing that those stores had a combination of parts and a service business? And with that in mind, is there any opportunity for OReilly to participate in the consolidation of the industry with the Bridgestone/Pep Boys merger?
Tom McFall: What I would tell you is that when we assessed the IP, we were pretty skeptical and concerned of having stores with shops adjoined and we worked out how we would do that. And to this point, we had been pleased with our results. It was certainly a challenge, because our competitors use the fact that we are attached to a shop as a means to imply that there is some partnership that might be unfair to the other professional customers that we provide parts to, which is not the case, and we make it very transparent and clear that thats not the case. But the IP and John Quirk, the owner, theyve been great partners of ours, and I think both businesses have done well. And were reasonably comfortable there, and I can tell you that our business continues to grow robustly in those stores. Were coming off a small base, but if you looked at the percentages, youd be impressed if I told you what it was, which Im not going to. But talking about Pep Boys, I think its a lot different situation, because the size of it for one thing, but then also the amount of square feet. But what I would say is that, if given the opportunity to look at that, we would assess that in due course, just like we would any other opportunity and decide whether it made sense for us and what parts of it worked and what parts of it didnt, and all those things. But I can tell you, we probably would not be scared of the fact that theres a shop attached. What I would tell you though, Bridgestone still has a tender offer out there to close Pep Boys. And as far as weve heard, we dont know what theyre going to do. They may run the shops, they may not run the shops. So that might be a question better directed to those folks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tony Cristello from BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello: I wanted to talk a little bit about OReilly and the business model and the margin, and how that looks in a normalized comp, assuming that 7.9% is not normalized. 20% EBIT margin is really solid. And Im just wondering, the variability of cost and labor and some of the other things, what does margin look like in the 3% to 5% comp versus a 7% to 9% comp?
Tom McFall: What we would tell you is that if we have low  it depends on the mix of products we sell, when we look at the gross margin. Our distribution is pretty highly variable, but there will be pressure on those fixed costs. When we look at the store costs, its a difficult question to answer. When we look at what our SG&A was per store, with high sales volumes, were staffed up to meet that. Were probably running overtime because of the amount of business we have. Its a higher achievement of variable compensation, and were running a lot more trucks, burning a lot more fuel. All those costs are very variable. But obviously there is some portion of payroll and theres occupancy costs that are fixed that we are levering. So at a lower comp, were not going to  all other things equal, were not going to put up the operating profit we did this quarter, but were going to make adjustments to fine-tune the variable part of our business to match what the business is thats out there.
Tony Cristello: And I guess is it a benefit with the initiatives youve had for the retail side of the business which I understand it to be a higher margin type business. If theres a stickiness there, or what youve done from the initiative standpoint holds, do you think that that changes the margin profile for the longer term or do think that, all else being equal, youll just ebb and flow with what the comp does?
Greg Henslee: Additional retail contribution is certainly favorable. Like you said, its higher gross margin and they bring the money with them. And you dont have to deliver the part, so its a great thing. So yes, to the extent that our retail business growth that were able to hold onto that and we continue to grow it, which I think we will. Thats a positive thing. Its a contributor to our margin and will be helpful at a lower comp rate in generating flow through to operating margin.
Tony Cristello: And if I could just ask a follow-up on the hours. Is it primarily geared toward the commercial side of the business or are the hours intuitively driven toward spending reachable big retail side?
Greg Henslee: Yes, they send it out. We open early, of course, for the wholesale customers, because many of them get their shops up and running pretty early and we want to be sure that parts that they may have ordered the day before or whatever get to their shop first thing. But later in the day, DIY, many of them work for a living obviously, and they are the reason we keep our stores open late and staff our stores right on nights and weekends is, generally speaking, to serve the DIY customers.
Operator: And we reached our allotted time for questions. Ill now turn the call back over to Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Okay, thank you, Ethan. Wed like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire OReilly team for the outstanding year-to-date results. We are extremely proud of our record-breaking third quarter results and externally confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share and are focused on continuing our momentum into the fourth quarter. Id like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2015 fourth quarter and full-year results in February of next year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall - EVP, Finance, CFO Greg Henslee - President, CEO Jeff Shaw - EVP, Store Operations & Sales
Analysts: Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Dan Wewer - Raymond James Mike Baker - Deutsche Bank Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Michael Lasser - UBS Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is John and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. You may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our second quarter 2015 results and our outlook for the third quarter and remainder of 2015. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman and Greg Johnson, our Executive Vice President of Supply Chain, are also present. It is once again my pleasure to begin our quarterly call by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another record breaking quarter and an extremely successful first half of 2015. With our team of over 71,000 dedicated team members keenly focused on providing consistently high levels of service to our customers, we generated second quarter comparable store sales growth of 7.2%. Our year-to-date comparable store sales also increased 7.2% on top of a healthy 5.7% increase last year. These market share gains are the direct result of our team's dedication to living the O'Reilly culture of providing outstanding service to our customers and I cannot thank our team enough for their continued contributions to our company's long-term success. The 7.2% increase we generated in the second quarter represents the seventh straight quarter we've generated a comparable store sales increase in excess of 5%. We remain steadfast in our commitment to sustainable profitable growth demonstrated by our total sales increase of 10.2% driving a gross margin dollar increase of 11.3% over the second quarter of 2014. The resulting operating profit dollar increase of 14.7%, while solid is somewhat subdued related to an unusual adverse event that I'd like to take a moment to explain. As a result of an adverse verdict in a long-term contract dispute with a former service provider, we recorded a $19 million reserve to cover all the potential costs associated with the litigation. This reserve increased our SG&A expense by 93 basis points. Absent the charge, our second quarter operating profit as a percent of sales would have increased 167 basis points to 19.9% and operating profit dollars would have increased 20.3% over the second quarter of 2014. Our earnings per share of $2.29 for the second quarter is an increase of 20% over last year. While this quarter does represent the 26th consecutive quarter of earnings per share growth in excess of 15%, our EPS would have increased 26% to $2.40 absent this charge. In regards to this event, we will continue to aggressively pursue all available options to reduce our ultimate costs. Okay, now back to our Auto Parts business. Our comparable store sales increase of 7.2% for both the second quarter and the year strongly exceeded our comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5%. The composition of the comparable store sales growth in the second quarter was also very similar to the first quarter. Both the professional and DIY sides of the business were strong contributors to our comparable store sales growth with professional being slightly higher. Increases in comparable transaction count and ticket averages contributed equally to the growth. Professional transaction count growth continues to outpace DIY transaction count growth. However, DIY transaction count growth was a strong contributor to our comparable store sales increase. Average ticket growth on both sides of the business continues to be driven by parts complexity with little to no help from increases in selling price as inflation remains muted. Our performance for the quarter, as we've seen over the past year-and-a-half, was driven by key hard part categories such as brakes, chassis, driveline and rotating electrical. Through May, the latest data available, miles driven were up 3.4% year-to-date and we feel this increase driven by relatively low gas prices and improving employment has been an important factor in our comparable store sales growth. Sales were relatively consistent throughout the quarter with May being the softest month as cool and wet conditions over much of the central and northern part of the country hurt air conditioning-related sales. In recent weeks, summer has taken hold across the country, which should be a positive tailwind for our business and our third quarter is off to a strong start. But based on moderate, but slightly increasing gas prices and tough comparisons from the third quarter of 2014, we are setting our third quarter comparable store sales guidance at a range of 3% to 5%. And based on our strong first half of the year performance, we are increasing our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 4% to 6%. We are maintaining our full year operating margin guidance in a range of 18.3% to 18.7% of sales, which reflects our very strong first half of the year results, but also includes the negative impact of the litigation charge I discussed earlier. We are increasing our full year earnings per share guidance from a range of $8.42 to $8.52 to a range of $8.59 to $8.69. This updated guidance includes the strong first half results in shares repurchased through yesterday and excludes any potential future share repurchases. Before I finish up my prepared comments, I would like to again thank our team for these record breaking second quarter results. We remain very confident in the long-term drivers for demand in our industry and we believe our team is very well-positioned to capitalize on this demand by consistently providing incredible levels of service to our customers each day. Again, congratulations to Team O'Reilly for our very strong second quarter and year-to-date results. With that, I will turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. Jeff?
Jeff Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin today by echoing Greg's comments and congratulating Team O'Reilly on another outstanding quarter. Every day our focus is to come to work, roll up our sleeves and out-hustle our competition to earn our customers' business. While we always have areas where we know we can improve, I couldn't be more proud of our team's performance this quarter and year-to-date. Our industry-leading comparable store sales growth of 7.2% for both the second quarter and the first half of the year is a testament to our team of 71,000 plus team members who are committed to providing consistent top-notch customer service and I'd like to send you a heartfelt thank you. For the quarter, we grew total revenue 10.2% and total gross margin dollars by 11.3%, proving yet again that our ability to provide exceptional service, a wide product offering at competitive prices and superior parts availability allows us to generate sustainable profitable growth. This growth doesn't happen without the dedication of our store, distribution center and office support teams. Including the litigation event that Greg mentioned earlier, we were still able to leverage SG&A 20 basis points in the quarter. However, I will speak to our SG&A results, excluding that item, as it is a very unusual event for us and is not indicative of our store operating performance. Excluding the unfortunate event, SG&A leveraged 113 basis points on our strong sales performance and average SG&A increased 1.4%. This per store increase was higher than expected primarily driven by more aggressive store staffing and incentive compensation. On the store staffing front, we've been more aggressive putting hours into the stores and that decision has continued to enhance our store level customer service and is a key driver of our robust market share gains. As we've discussed on recent calls, all of our company compensation programs are designed to incentivize our team members to run their business like they own it. As a result, when we drive strong financial results as we did again this quarter, we spend more payroll dollars at every level of the organization, but generate strong leverage. Based on our year-to-date performance and our expectation for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our expected SG&A growth per store to a range of 1.5% to 2%, excluding the litigation event. We feel this level of expense dollars is appropriate given the current environment to maximize our results. We successfully opened 99 net new stores in the first half of 2015 and we continue to be pleased with the performance from our new stores. As we discussed on our last call, we'll open new stores across our footprint with more significant growth concentrated in Florida supported by our new distribution center in Lakeland in California as we backfill attractive markets not previously penetrated by CSK in the upper Great Lakes as we freed up capacity across multiple DCs with the opening of our new Chicago DC and in Texas. These markets represented 21 of our 34 openings during the second quarter. Year-to-date, we've strongly exceeded our expected sales volumes and I'd like to take time to thank the members of our supply chain for their outstanding work keeping our stores in stock to meet the robust demand we've experienced the past several quarters. We continually evaluate stocking levels, expediting product with higher than planned sales, filling in on backordered product, adjusting routes to handle higher freight volumes and continually modifying our hub, DC City Counter and weekend routes to ensure we have the best availability in each market we serve. The knowledge, dedication and effectiveness of our supply chain team continues to be a critical component of our success and I cannot thank them enough for their contributions to our company's ongoing success. Looking forward to the third quarter and beyond, we know the key to our success is providing exceptional customer service, as well as the best parts availability in the industry and we strongly feel our team continues to be up to that challenge. I'm very proud and thankful to work with such a great team. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to begin today by thanking Team O'Reilly for another very successful quarter. We are very proud of our record breaking performance, which is a direct result of our team's dedication and hard work and I would like to thank each of our store, DC and support team members for their commitment to making O'Reilly Auto Parts our customers' first choice for auto parts. Now, we'll take a closer look at our second quarter results and update our guidance for the remainder of 2015. For the quarter, sales increased $188 million comprised of a $130 million increase in comp store sales, a $59 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $1 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $2 million decrease from closed stores. Based on our strong year-to-date performance, we are raising our full year total revenue guidance to a range of $7.75 billion to $7.85 billion. For the quarter, gross margin was 52% of sales, an improvement of 54 basis points over the prior year. This was a little lighter than we expected due to a larger than expected LIFO headwind during the quarter. As we've discussed over the past two years, our success at reducing our acquisition costs over time has exhausted our LIFO reserve with the result that additional cost decreases create one-time non-cash headwinds to gross margin as we adjust our existing inventory on hand to the lower cumulative acquisition cost. For the quarter, our LIFO charge was $11 million, which was about double the charge we saw in the second quarter of 2014. Excluding LIFO from both years, gross margin increased 79 basis points. However, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our full year gross margin guidance of 51.8% to 52.2% of sales. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 37.3% of pretax income and in line with our expectations. Looking at the full year of 2015, we still expect our tax rate will be approximately 37% of pretax income. As is typical in most years, we anticipate our third quarter tax rate to be lower at approximately 36.2% of pretax income as we adjust for the expected tolling of certain historical tax periods and with the fourth quarter returning to a more normal rate of 37.3% of pretax income. These estimated rates are subject to the resolution of open tax periods under audit and our success in qualifying for existing job tax credit programs. Now, I'd like to provide some color on our free cash flow results and provide updated guidance for our full year expectations. We generated $197 million in free cash flow during the second quarter, which is relatively flat with the prior year. Year-to-date, we generated $512 million in free cash flow compared to $461 million in the prior year. And based on our strong year-to-date operating income performance, we are raising our full year free cash flow guidance from a range of $700 million to $750 million to a range of $725 million to $775 million. Inventory per store at the end of the second quarter was $574,000, which is a 2% decrease from the end of 2014. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we grow per store inventory at a lower rate to the comparable store sales growth we generated and we accomplished that goal through the first half of 2015. We continue to make great progress on reducing slow-moving and overstock product and replacing it with additional store-level inventory made up of products that are entering higher demand cycles. However, part of this year-to-date decrease is timing related driven by the very strong sales during the first half of the year and we continue to expect our average inventory per store will increase a little less than 1% for the full year. Our AP to inventory ratio finished the second quarter at 99%, up from 97.7% at the end of the first quarter of this year. The rise in the ratio is related to seasonality and extremely strong first half sales. During the second half of the year, we believe this ratio will come down slightly and we continue to expect the year end AP to inventory ratio will be around 97%. Capital expenditures for the first six months of 2015 were $187 million, which is a little less than we planned, but we still expect our 2015 CapEx to be within the range of $400 million to $430 million. Moving on to debt, we finished the second quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.63x down from 1.66x as of the end of the first quarter driven by very strong trailing 12-month operating income performance. We are still well below our targeted ratio of 2.0x to 2.25x; however, we continue to believe our stated range is appropriate for our long-term business and we will move into this range when the timing is appropriate. During the second quarter, we repurchased 2 million shares of our stock at an average cost of $221.50 per share. Year-to-date through yesterday, we repurchased approximately 2.9 million shares of our stock at an average cost of $219.13 per share for a total investment of $630 million. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of opportunities to reinvest in our business at a higher rate of return. Currently, we have $649 million remaining under our current authorization and will continue to prudently execute our program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns to our shareholders. For the third quarter, we are establishing diluted earnings per share guidance at a range of $2.29 to $2.33. Based on our above planned results during the first half of the year and additional share repurchases since our last call, for the full year, we are raising our earnings per share guidance to a range of $8.59 to $8.69 per share representing an increase of $0.17 per share from the annual guidance we provided on our first quarter conference call in April and $0.39 per share from the initial annual guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. As a reminder, our diluted earnings per share guidance for both the third quarter and full year take into account the shares repurchased through yesterday, but do not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. Before I turn the call over to our analysts for questions, I'd like to once again thank the entire O'Reilly team for their continued hard work and dedication to providing consistently high levels of customer service. Congratulations on another record breaking quarter. This concludes our prepared comments and at this time, I would like to ask, John, the operator, to return to the line and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin 30-minute question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] And our first question is from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich: Hi. Thanks. I'd love to have a little more insight as to how the different sides of the business performed in the quarter, particularly sort of sequentially because you had a nice performance both first and second quarter. Did you see a real shift in how DIY versus do-it-for-me played out?
Greg Henslee: No. Both sides of the business did well in both quarters. We are pleased with both. The professional side is growing a little faster than the DIY side, but both sides of the business are growing well.
Greg Melich: And on the SG&A bumping up for the full year that shift to 1.5% to 2% growth per store, it sounded like that is just solely because of the increased hours and the incentive comp. Was there anything else that's moving that around if you ex out the charge?
Tom McFall: Those are the key drivers, Greg.
Greg Melich: Okay. And then, lastly and I will let someone else have another shot, is there anything that we should  when we think out to next year that you see in the plans that would move the CapEx significantly from the range you have this year?
Tom McFall: We would expect to see a similar number. We are going to have more dollars in the San Antonio DC. We haven't set our number for new stores, but it will be in the same neighborhood that we were this year, potentially a few more stores. So we would expect to see a similar number.
Greg Melich: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. Good job.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Good morning.
Greg Henslee: Good morning.
Seth Basham: My first question is just on your commentary, Greg, about 3Q. You mentioned it's off to a good start, or a strong start, I should say. Any more color on that as it relates to level of trend? Is it in line with the second quarter overall?
Greg Henslee: Well, we exited the second quarter on a strong sales note and the trend we were on continued in the third quarter. Something I might mention is that the easiest compares for the third quarter are in the first two months of the third quarter and then our tougher compares are in the last month. So yes, we are off to a good start. Business has been solid really all year. We've not seen much variance month-to-month all year with the exception of  we mentioned this in our prepared comments that May with a lot of rain, a little bit cooler than normal temperatures, our HVAC business didn't do as good as what we would have anticipated, but we feel like we've kind of made up for that with the warmer weather that we've had in June and July. So business has been good.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you. And one follow-up. In terms of your leverage ratio, it's still well below your target range. You talked about moving into this range when timing is appropriate. Can you help us better understand when you think that timing is appropriate?
Tom McFall: We have been, over the last few years, more successful faster than we anticipated as far as having our suppliers help us with financing inventory and utilizing our vendor financing program. In addition, operating results have been very good, so we've generated more cash than we've expected. We continue to look for opportunities to get the best return on that cash. To-date that's been repurchasing shares and you saw that we picked up the amount of repurchases we had during this quarter because we saw some great opportunities. We will continue to prudently execute that. To the extent that we have cash on the balance sheet, we are not going to go out and raise debt to have more cash sit on the balance sheet and have a negative carry. So when we have opportunities to invest or if we don't have cash on hand, we will look at that point to raise some more debt.
Seth Basham: Got it. That's helpful. Congrats on a great quarter and good luck.
Tom McFall: Okay. Thanks Seth.
Operator: And our next question is from Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot. Good morning and congratulations on a terrific quarter.
Tom McFall: Thank you.
Matthew Fassler: My first and primary question relates to your comments on parts complexity. If you can just talk about how the changing profile of parts complexity is impacting the DIY business versus the pro business, how it impacts sort of the service needs in the DIY area as well and then finally whether you think that's having an impact on the ticket of the business.
Greg Henslee: Well, I think it does have an impact on the ticket in the business and I think it will have for the foreseeable future. I think that to the extent that we are talking the parts that are increasing in complexity, which is a big part of our business, absent the things that we carry in our display boards, because the types of products that are being used that are electronic-oriented, more sensors  vehicles are in the process now of going to direct injection, both diesel and gas. Ignition parts are going to one coil per cylinder as opposed to one coil for the car. And then newer vehicles have all these life safety sensors and so forth that add complexity. We see that driving the cost of a repair incrementally up over time. It's hard to forecast what that increase will look like, but that will continue to happen. All the things I just mentioned tend to make us believe and I believe make others believe that the professional business will grow a little better in the coming years than what the DIY business will simply because this complexity is a challenge for DIY customers. Although, as I've said many times before and as cars originally started having onboard computers and sensors and so forth, I think that the DIY customer out of economic necessity is very adaptable and there's a lot of companies that are out there providing information and tools to help DIY customers be able to work on cars that have more sensors and more electronics. And for that reason, there's many that would bet that the DIY business is going to do pretty well. So that's my comment on that.
Matthew Fassler: That's terrific. And just following up on that, putting aside the age of the vehicle fleet, obviously, and just thinking about pound for pound, is there a change in the average age of a vehicle that's coming in via DIY versus pro, or DIFM, based on some of the evolving technology that you discussed? Are cars making their way into the DIFM channel or I guess staying in the DIFM channel longer, do you think, based on some of the things you just talked about?
Greg Henslee: I think so and I think that's a trend we will continue to see. I think the later model vehicles, which are more complex. The 2015s are the most complex. I think that that trend has been going on for several years and that those cars that have the highest levels of complexity tend to stay in the do-it-for-me channel longer than what they had years back when DIY customers were able to work on them pretty easily as they came out of warranty.
Matthew Fassler: Great. Thanks so much for that.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thanks Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Wewer from Raymond James.
Dan Wewer: Thanks. Good morning.
Greg Henslee: Good morning.
Dan Wewer: So your do-it-yourself same-store sales are growing fastest in the sector; yet if you look at O'Reilly's do-it-yourself revenues per store, it appears to be about $500,000 less compared to AutoZone. When you think about the art of the possible for O'Reilly's do-it-yourself revenues per location, do you think it could be in line with that competitor and if so, what changes would you need to make? I know you've been growing your private label business, you've been expanding your store labor hours to target the do-it-yourselfer, but are there any other initiatives that you would need to make to achieve that kind of productivity?
Greg Henslee: Well, Dan, as we've said for some time, we view ourselves as having competitors that do better on the DIY side than what we have in the past. And I think that some of the things that we've done over the past three or four years to put ourselves in a better position to compete on an equivalent service level perspective with the best retailers in the business I think is attributed to our growth in the DIY business and will continue to do so. The way I view this is we have this big opportunity to do more DIY business just as we have this big opportunity to do more on the do-it-for-me side. Although we, as you stated, under perform some of our biggest competitors on the DIY side on a per-store basis. And the way I look at this is just like going up a staircase. You take it one step at a time and we've made a lot of positive changes that I feel like are attributing to our DIY growth and we will continue to benefit from those changes. As we see opportunities for things that we might be able to do to grow our DIY business better without infringing on our do-it-for-me business, we will continue to do that. I think there's a lot of reasons that we have an opportunity here partly based on the team members that we have that are just really good parts people. They know cars. They know parts. They know customer service. I think that our availability of product is unsurpassed in our industry and I think that as DIY customers who maybe did business with one of our competitors previously and maybe have been coming into our store lately, I think as they realize that we have this fantastic availability model, I think that just bodes well for us in the future. So I look for our DIY business to continue to be a significant part of our growth even with the headwind of parts complexity that I was talking about earlier. And as we see things that we need to adjust to make sure we continue to take market share on that side of the business, we will continue to do so.
Dan Wewer: Also a question for Jeff as my follow-up. You talked about putting in more stores into the California market, infilling where CSK was not located. It's been some time since you have given us an update on how the former CSK stores are performing in terms of revenues. As I recall, they were probably over-indexing on the do-it-yourself channel and underperforming on commercial. Could you give us an update on how those stores are comparing to say where they were six or seven years ago?
Jeff Shaw: As Greg mentioned, overall, I mean those stores, that group of stores continues to perform solidly on both sides of the business. We knew our biggest opportunity was grow the professional side of the business. We've worked hard on that from a -- just from a service level standpoint, strategic hire standpoint, but we also are working just as hard on growing the retail side of the business.
Dan Wewer: Do you think the commercial revenues in those California CSK stores, are they getting to that 45% of store revenues?
Tom McFall: Not quite.
Jeff Shaw: They are not quite there yet.
Dan Wewer: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Jeff Shaw: Okay. Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank.
Mike Baker: Hi, guys. Sorry if this was asked, I dropped off for a minute there. But you're clearly taking market share. Is that  we know it's because of the company specific things that you are doing, but what are you seeing from other competitors? There's been some disruption from some of those guys. Are you seeing certain competitors cede more share than they have historically?
Greg Henslee: It's a store-by-store fight out there every day. This morning, as we are releasing our results, our store managers and installer service specialists are out there trying to take business and our competitors are doing the exact same thing. So we have a lot of strong competitors that do a nice job and really nothing that we've seen has changed much. We've always had strong competitors and they've always done a pretty nice job, some better than others, but we really haven't seen a change in the tack that our competitors have taken in driving their companies, other than the things that our publicly traded competitors talk about in trying to improve their distribution systems to be more comparable to maybe ours and Genuine Parts and just trying to solve the availability equation, which is a challenge without the robust distribution network that companies like ours have.
Mike Baker: So you are clearly taking more market share than you have in the past, but I guess in your view that's more a function of what you guys are doing differently than you have in the past. I think you've always been market share gainers, but it seems like its accelerating. Do you think that's more a result of what you guys are doing rather than what competitors are doing or not doing?
Greg Henslee: Yes. I would attribute our market share gains to just the success of our teams on the street and the work they are putting in to maintaining customer and growing customer relationships on the do-it-for-me side, the improvements that we've made on our DIY business the last few years and really just the day in, day out blocking and tackling on a store-by-store basis and making sure that the service levels we provide are higher than our competitors and then at the same time leveraging our strong distribution network to make sure we have the best availability in the industry. And a lot of that comes from just brute strength in distribution capacity, but a lot of it also comes from the science that we put into making sure we have the right products in the right locations and that we do a better job than our competitors in making sure that the parts that we anticipate our customers are going to walk into our stores needing based on the vehicle population in each market are the parts that we have in stock in the stores and our hubs and in our distribution centers.
Mike Baker: Okay. That's helpful. If I could ask one more real quick, just how to think about -- I think was asked in calls periodically, but any updated thoughts on M&A in the space, anyone out there in terms of acquisitions either big or small that you guys would consider?
Greg Henslee: Well, there's a lot of companies out there that are not publicly traded, that are private and do pretty well that would be potential acquisition targets for us. We continue to explore that as we expand geographically and we even consider some companies sometimes in existing markets and we do some kind of minor acquisitions ongoing of single stores and things like that. But I don't see anything big on the horizon right now that I could speak of obviously.
Mike Baker: Okay. Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: Thanks and nice results, guys. Greg, on DIY, a lot of attention on it so far. Do you think there's a pickup in the secular demand, or is all the gains, or a lot of the gains you are saying it's mostly market share gains?
Greg Henslee: I think it's both. I think we are gaining market share and I think the DIY business has been pretty good with the economy improving some and gas prices being down, more money in people's pocket, unemployment a little better, miles driven up. I think that it's both a secular demand increase and I think that we are gaining market share.
Simeon Gutman: And the balance that we've long talked about where you were primarily a commercial DIFM palace and going too far into the DIY side, there's a fine line that you didn't want to cross. Now you're there, I think there's probably some acceptance among the garages that you could get bigger in that space. Is there some point you've passed where now you've put the pedal to the metal a little bit harder, or are there still some natural resistance points that  there are still some product areas, et cetera that you won't go towards?
Greg Henslee: Well, what I would say, Simeon, is that we try to do the best we can on both sides of the business and we treat them somewhat separately from a management standpoint from the perspective that our promotions are different. Sometimes the product decisions we make we have to consider both sides. We don't talk to our do-it-for-me customers a lot about our DIY business and most of the time our do-it-for-me customers are not really even walking into our stores. We are delivering the parts to them and they are dealing with an installer service specialist who focuses solely on that business relationship with them and then also our territory sales managers and our regional field sales managers, store managers and so forth. So I think we have a lot of business to gain on both sides and we are less restrictive in the aggressive position that we take on the DIY side now than we ever have been simply because I think that most shops now realize that customers are going to buy parts from someone if they want to work on their own car. They are either going to buy them from one of our competitors, or us or maybe even on the Internet and we are going to be completely supportive of them and driving successful businesses for them and making parts available for them and that there's just a lot of business that they've got out there to take. And to the extent that they provide a service level that's satisfying to their customers and on our customers in effect, they will be successful. And I think most of them are less concerned now than ever about the fact that people can buy parts and do their own work if they want to, but that they can drive a great business by providing these service levels that are necessary to be successful in the service business today.
Simeon Gutman: And my brief follow-up for Tom on gross margin, you mentioned ex-LIFO up almost 80 bps. You said it wasn't up as much as you thought. Was that because of LIFO, or even on the 80 basis points, you expect it to do better? And I am asking because the back-half guidance I think implies around 50 bps and I'd say 80 bps on a FIFO basis is still quite solid. So just trying to think  how to think about gross margin going forward.
Tom McFall: The answer to the question is yes. The LIFO headwind higher than we expected drove the slightly below percentage. Maybe we thought we would be 52.2, 52.1, but we've been pretty consistent in our discussion that we'd be in the 51.8 to 52.2 range basically quarter-after-quarter and we've accomplished that. But the additional $5 million headwind over last year was more than we expected.
Simeon Gutman: Okay. Thank you.
Tom McFall: Thanks Simeon.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. And thanks for taking my question. It's on the performance over the last few quarters. There's been a clear step-up in the same-store sales and while you've provided some quantitative or qualitative information about the various performance within your sectors, could you give us a little bit greater sense of has that step-up been driven more so by the DIY side of the business, or has it been driven more so by the DIFM side of the business, or has both sides of the business stepped up equally?
Greg Henslee: Well, I'm looking at a sheet here. I can tell you that  for instance, back in 2013, our professional business was growing pretty significantly faster in most of the quarters than our DIY business. For the last six quarters or so they've been much more comparable. And I would attribute part of that to just the effect the economy tends to have on the DIY business greater than the do-it-for-me business, just because of the economic condition of what drives someone to maybe work on their own car versus take their car into a shop. So yes, I would say that here recently with the economy doing a little better, unemployment better that the DIY business has improved. And the commercial business has remained good, but the spread between the performance of the DIY and do-it-for-me has closed a little bit over the last couple years.
Michael Lasser: And Greg, that's a fair point that the economy has probably helped. But if we also look at the spread between your performance and your competitors' performance, just on a same-store sales basis, that spread has widened a bit in recent periods. So it would suggest that there's probably also something that O'Reilly is doing that is enabling it to gain share. And just observationally, it's occurred at the same time following the rollout of your loyalty program. You've invested a little bit more labor in the stores. So can you tie those two factors or others to the performance of your DIY business?
Greg Henslee: I think those are factors, Michael, no question about it. I mean we work hard here and we try very hard and our teams on the street work every single day to show our customers that we want them to walk into our stores on the DIY side. We prove to our professional customers every day that we want to earn their business and that they're going to be best served to buy parts from us and partner with us. So yes, I think that  it's hard for me to know exactly what all our competitors' initiatives are. I know what they say publicly and what we see on the street. But we, generally speaking, try to stay focused on what we are doing and what we can do better and where our opportunities are because we have opportunities to improve. And we focus on doing the things that we can do to improve our business and frankly, don't spend a whole lot of time analyzing what our competitors are doing unless there's some significant change that we need to react to which is really a relatively rare occurrence.
Michael Lasser: Sure. And then my last question is on capital  that's helpful, Greg. My last question is on capital allocation. Your stock and the valuation of your stock is above where it's been historically. So how does that influence both the deployment of excess cash back to shareholders through share repurchases and the potential that you use as currency to execute your M&A strategy?
Tom McFall: What I would tell you, Michael, is historically it has always proven best for us to deploy our capital into our business through growing new stores, maintaining our existing store base and acquiring other chains of stores. When we look at our M&A strategy, there are players out there that we are interested in, but we are an opportunistic buyer. And our success in buying and assimilating chains has a lot to do with buying the right chain at the right price. So that's why we are opportunistic. So we will continue to look for those as our number one deployment of capital. When we look at buying stock back, we look at what we think the long-term discounted cash flow value is and set our targets that way.
Michael Lasser: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you, Tom and Greg.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Mike.
Tom McFall: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Sponheimer from Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer: Hi. Good morning, guys. Great quarter.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Brian.
Brian Sponheimer: Just thinking about how the quarter progressed, can you talk about what, if any, impact you saw from flooding in Texas, ag markets, or any impact from oil in some of your energy related markets?
Greg Henslee: It's hard to measure exactly what impacts business. I know you know, but generally speaking, the big rains we had down in Texas aren't initially good for business. When thinks kind of shut down and people can't drive because of water over the roads and stuff like that, that obviously isn't good for us. But in the long run, we feel like it levels back out because of the damage created. Generally, kind of the way the quarter went was April was really good. May was not as good and June was really good. And I attribute May's softness or slightly softer results to the heavy rains that we had and just the fact that we had cooler temperatures, rain, not as good a HVAC business and stuff like that.
Brian Sponheimer: Okay. Thank you. Also, just thinking about pricing and any pressures ex-oil, how are you guys thinking about inflation versus deflation in some of your non-petroleum related products at this point?
Greg Henslee: Well, we haven't  I don't expect deflation. We've not seen a lot of inflation for some time. We would expect at some point that we might start seeing some inflation in some of the hard parts products, but that's just not been the case for some time. From a pricing standpoint, it's always competitive out there and we always have competitors who, on the do-it-for-me side more than the DIY side, tend to try and take business with a lower price for a short period of time to try and change buying habits and stuff like that. But that's nothing new that's been the case forever. So really nothing has changed on the pricing front. It's always competitive and as I said earlier, we have a lot of really strong and really good competitors who do a lot of different things to try and gain market share and some of course use price as a means to try and develop a relationship with a do-it-for-me customer, but that's nothing new. I've been doing this 31 years and that happened the first day I was working in an O'Reilly store, so that's nothing new.
Brian Sponheimer: Great. And anything on the way as far as wage inflation that could be impactful for you from a cost perspective?
Greg Henslee: Well, I don't know about the impact effect, but of course we stay in tune with all the discussion about minimum wage changes and stuff like that. And as those things, if they come to fruition, we will be measuring and planning and including those in our forecast for results.
Brian Sponheimer: All right. I appreciate the color. Thanks for taking my questions.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Brian.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. And I will now turn the call over to Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you, John. We would like to conclude our call today by again thanking Team O'Reilly for another quarter of record breaking results. We remain very confident in the continued strength of our long-term drivers for demand in the automotive aftermarket and in our team's ability to consistently provide unsurpassed levels of service to our customers. We remain absolutely focused on extending our long history of profitable growth as we build on our very strong performance for the first half of the year. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today and we look forward to reporting our 2015 third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas McFall - CFO, Principal Accounting Officer and EVP of Finance Greg Henslee - CEO and President  Jeff Shaw - EVP of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Robert Higginbotham - SunTrust Alan Rifkin - Barclays Chris Horvers - JPMorgan Michael Lasser - UBS Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Bret Jordan - BB&T Dan Wewer - Raymond James Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Ellen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our first quarter 2015 results, our outlook for the second quarter and the remainder of 2015. After our prepared comments, we will host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts First Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Greg Johnson, our Executive Vice President of Supply Chain, are also present. It's my pleasure to begin our call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another record breaking quarter and a very successful start to 2015. Once again our teams relentless focus on providing consistently high levels of service to our customers, generate top line growth which exceeded our expectations. And I would like to take this opportunity to thank our over 69,000 dedicated team members for their hard work and unwavering commitment to providing excellent customer service each day in every store across the country. Your steadfast dedication to living the O'Reilly culture is the reason for our consistently strong performance and I cannot thank you enough for your continued contributions to our long-term success. We established our comparable store sale guidance of 3% to 5% for the first quarter on the heels of the strong demand trends we experienced throughout 2014 tempered by the difficult comparisons represented by the high bar we set in the first quarter of last year. However we continue to capitalize on the positive momentum throughout the first quarter generating a 7.2% increase in comparable store sales, easily exceeding the top end of our guidance range. This strong performances is on top with an excellent 6.3% increase in the first quarter of 2014 and represents our sixth consecutive quarter of comparable store sales increases exceeding 5%. More importantly our commitment to profitable growth to translate these impressive top line results into another record first quarter operating margin of 18.4%. Our ability to consistently grow our business profitably is the result of our teams commitment to providing exceptional customer service and our dedication to investing in the tools our team members need to build lasting relationships with our customers. Overall for the first quarter, sales increased 10% to $1.9 billion and as we've see over the past year, categories such as brakes; drive line; chasis, ride control and batteries are key contributors to our growth. We view the sustained growth in these key categories as a good indicator of our customers' continued focus on maintaining and repairing their existing vehicles, which bodes well for long term demand in our business. Availability in these important SKU intensive maintenance and repair categories is critical. In our proficiency in delivering parts to our customers faster than our competitors is a key advantage and an important driver in our ability to continue to profitably grow our market share.  These gains combined with prudent expense control drew our record to 18.4% operating margin which was a 180 basis points improvement over first quarter of 2014. Last year's first quarter operating profit was negatively impacted by a 23 million dollar LIFO charge and by comparison we saw a smaller but still meaningful $8 million LIFO charge in the first quarter of this year. Tom will discuss these charges in more detail in a few minutes that excluding the LIFO impact from both quarters our operating profit improved by 92 basis points. This profitable growth yielded a 28% increase in diluted earnings per share which represents our 25th consecutive quarter with earnings per share growth in excess of 15%. I would now like to take a few minutes and add some color to our comparable store sales results for the quarter. As I mentioned earlier we generated a very robust 7.2% increase in comparable store sales on top of a strong 6.3% increase in the first quarter of 2014. Sales trends were strong throughout the quarter, although they were little softer in February on a relative basis.  Consistent with what we saw in 2014, both the DIY and professional size of our business were strong contributors to our comp store growth with professional again slightly outpacing DIY. On both sides of our business ticket average and traffic count both contributed to the comp growth. As we've seen for the past two years, inflation has not been a driver for our comparable store sales, with an inflation tailwind of less than 50 basis points over that period and we continue to expect that we will not see material benefit from inflation in the foreseeable future. As we've seen for some time now the growth and average ticket has been driven by increasing parts complexity rather than inflation or pricing, which has remained very rational in the industry. As we build our booker professional business especially in our less mature markets, traffic continues to be the main driver of our professional comps, where we have seen very strong ticket count increases over the last two years. On the DIY side of our business we also saw solid increase in traffic as DIY consumers recover from the difficult macroeconomic headwinds they have faced in recent years and our internal initiatives focused on our DIY customers continue gain traction. Unemployment in the U.S. being down to 5.5% and year-over-year gas prices being down 33% are definitely tailwinds for the business, especially for our DIY customers who have been under significant economic pressure for an extended period of time. To the extent unemployment continues to improve and prices at the pump remain low, we expect our business to continue to benefit. In addition, the primary driver for demand in our business is miles driven and as we saw at the end of 2014, in January miles driven strongly increased contributing to the continuous strong demand for our products. Our second quarter is off to a strong start. However we're just entering the critical spring selling season and we have experienced volatility in the month of May and June at times in the past. We also faced another quarter of strong results from the prior year with a 5.1% second quarter 2014 comp comparison. Based on these factors we're establishing our second quarter comparable store sales guidance at a range of 3% to 5%. Turning to our gross margin results, as I mentioned earlier the impact of LIFO accounting makes the comparisons to the prior year difficult. Excluding the LIFO charges in both years, our gross margin increased 21 basis points which was in line with our expectations. We continue to realize incremental improvements in our acquisition cost and pricing in our industry remains rational. Based on these factors we are leading our full year gross margin guidance unchanged at a range of 51.8% to 52.2% of sales. However we are raising our full year operating margin guidance from a range of 18.1% to 18.5% of sales to a range of 18.3% to 18.7% of sales. The increase in our operating margin guidance range for the full year is driven by our stronger than expected first quarter results flowed through to the full year. We are also increasing our full year earnings per share guidance from a range of $8.20 to $8.30 to a range of $8.42 to $8.52. This updating guidance includes the strong first quarter results and shares repurchased through yesterday and excludes any additional potential share repurchases. I'm quite finished my prepared comments.  I would like to thank our team for these record breaking first quarter results. We remain very confident in the long term drivers for demand in our industry and we believe our team is very well positioned to capitalize on this demand by consistently providing exceptional service to our customers every day. Again congratulations to team O'Reilly for a very strong start to 2015. With that I will turn the call over to Jeff Shaw. 
Jeff Shaw: Thanks Greg and good morning everyone. I would like to begin today by echoing Greg's comments and congratulating team O'Reilly on another outstanding quarter. I couldn't be more proud of our team's execution and the level of consistent top-notch service that we continue to provide to our customers day-in and day-out. 7.2% comparable store sales growth doesn't happen by accident, especially when it sits on top of a 6.3% increase to prior year. Our industry leading performance is the direct result of our teams' commitment to outhustling and out-servicing the competition each and every day.  Our team once again rolled up their sleeves and executed our proven business model delivering another quarter of record-breaking results. I want to thank each of our team members for their continued hard-work and dedication to making O'Reilly Auto Parts the destination location for all of our customers auto parts space. As Greg mentioned earlier we are not just focused on top line growth, rather we are laser focused on building long-term win-win relationships with our customers which results in sustainable profitable growth. During the first quarter our team did a great job of profitably gaining market share and at the same time kept a close eye on store and distribution centric expenses. For the quarter SG&A levered 71 basis points on extremely strong comparable store sales and excellent expense control. Average per store SG&A increased 2.7% which was higher than we originally expected for the quarter and was driven by higher than plans to a pay roll, commissions and incentive compensation and exactly what we want to see when we have such strong sales and profitability results.  Our company wide compensation philosophy is focused on instilling within each of our team members the mentality that they should run the business like they own it. And they did exactly that during the first quarter. When we generate strong top line results we expect average SG&A per store to increase. While at the same time generating impressive expense leverage and this is what we did in the first quarter. Although our first quarter average SG&A per store was slightly higher than planned when we flow these results into the full year we dont anticipate a material impact and as such we still expect our full year increase in average SG&A per store to be approximately 1.5%.  We successfully opened 67 new stores during the quarter and we continue to be pleased with the performance from our new stores. As we discussed our last call we will open new stores across our footprint with more significant growth concentrated in Florida supported by our new distribution center in Lakeland Florida, in California as we backfill attractive markets not previously penetrated by CSK in the upper Great Lakes, as we freed up capacity across multiple DCs with the opening of our new Chicago DC; and in Texas. Speaking of Texas this has been a growth market for us for many years and we see opportunity for continued profitable growth in the state in the future. However at this point we're budding up against our distribution capacity. As Greg mentioned earlier we're extremely focused on investing in the tools that give our team the ability to provide consistent top notch service to our customer. To that end we're excited to announce we've required property in Selma, Texas where we plan to build our 27 distribution center. Selma is a Northeastern suburb of San Antonio so refer to that as our San Antonio DC and it's about an hour away from Austin. Both San Antonio and Austin are metro areas with rapid growth and the new DC will allow us to open more stores and improve our parts availability in both of these substantial markets. When the new DC opens it will also free up much needed capacity at about our Dallas and Houston DCs allowing those facilities to operate more efficiently while also creating capacity for future growth. The San Antonio DC is planned to open in the second quarter of 2016 and will have the capacity to service approximately 225 stores. As we have proven in the past our distribution operation team is extremely effective at planning building and opening new distribution centers and we're confident that this project will roll out with the same degree of efficiency that our past projects have delivered. I'd like to finish up today by thanking our store and distribution team with a relentless focus on providing consistent top notch customer service each and every day. Your hard work and dedication continues to drive our success. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom. 
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all Team O'Reilly on another outstanding quarter. Now we'll take a closer look at our first quarter results and update our guidance for the remainder of 2015. For the quarter sales increased $174 comprised of $122 million increase in comp store sales $50 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $3 million in non-comp non-store sales and $1 million decrease from close stores. For 2015 we continue to expect our total revenue to be in the range of $7.6 billion to $7.8 billion.  Our gross margin results of 51.9% for the quarter were in line with our expectations. On a run rate basis gross margin improved 20 basis points over the fourth quarter primarily based on better distribution leverage on higher sales. On a year-over-year basis gross margin improved to 109 basis points. However as Greg mentioned earlier this comparison is skewed by the impact of our LIFO accounting. As we discussed over the past year and half our success to reducing our acquisition cost overtime has exhausted our LIFO reserve. With the result that additional cost decreases create one-time non-cash headwinds to gross margin as we adjust our existing inventory on hand to the lower cumulative acquisition cost.  For the first quarter of 2015 we experienced the LIFO headwind of $8 million compared to a headwind of $23 million in the first quarter of 2014. Excluding both of these headwinds year-over-year gross margin rates increased 21 basis points. As we look forward to the rest of the year we expect to continue to see moderate LIFO headwinds as we incrementally approve acquisition cost. However we remain comfortable with our gross margin guidance of 51.8% to 52.2% of sales.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 37%, which is slightly better than our expectations of 37.3% and was driven by the realization of more job tax credits than originally expected. When we look at the full year of 2015 we still expect our tax rate to be approximately 37% of pre-tax income. On a quarter to quarter basis we expect our quarterly tax rate to be around 37.3% for the second and fourth quarters with the third quarter expectations of 36.2% as we adjust for the tooling of certain periods. These estimated rates are subject to the resolution of open tax periods under audit and our success in qualifying for existing job tax credit programs.  Now we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results in the first quarter and our updated guidance expectations for the full year 2015. Free cash flow for the quarter is $315 million and we're revising our full year guidance for free cash flow to range of $700 million to $750 million reflecting an increase from our previous range of 675 million to 725 million as a result of the strong operating income results in the first quarter. Inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $570,000 which was a 2.5% decrease from the end of 2014. Our ongoing goal is ensure we grow per store inventory at a slower rate than the comparable slower sales growth we generate and we definitely accomplish that goal in the first quarter. However this decrease is primarily timing as a result of the very strong sales during the quarter and we're actually a little lighter on inventory then we'd like to be. For the year we continue to expect our per store inventory to increase a little less than 1% per store.  Our AP to inventory ratio finished the first quarter at 97.7%. The spike in this ratio is also related to the extremely strong sales during the first quarter. For 2015 we continue to expect the year end AP to inventory ratio to be around 97%. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $91 million which is a little less than we planned but we still expect our 2015 CapEx to be within the range of $400 million to $430 million inclusive of the San Antonio DC.  Moving on to debt we finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.7 times still well below our targeted ratio of 2 to 2.25. We continue to believe our stated range is the appropriate among our business and we will move into this range when the timing is appropriate.  We continue to execute our share repurchase program in year to date we've repurchase 1 million shares over stock at an average cost to $210.74 per share for a total investment of $210 million. We continue to view our buyback program as effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business at a high rate of return. We will continue to prudently execute our program within emphasis and maximizing long term returns to our shareholders.  For the second quarter we're establishing diluted earnings per share guidance $2.17 to $2.21. Based on our above planned results in the first quarter additional shares repurchase since our last call for the full year we're raising our guidance to $8.42 to $8.52 per share representing an increase of $0.22 per share from our previously announced guidance. As a reminder, our diluted earnings per share guidance for both the second quarter and full year taken into account the shares repurchase yesterday but do not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases.  Finally I'd like to once again thank the entire O'Reilly team for their continued dedication to the company's success. Congratulations on an outstanding start to 2015.  This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask Ellen, the operator, to return to the line, and we'd be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our first question is from Robert Higginbotham with SunTrust.
Robert Higginbotham: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. My first question is really around trying to gain some clarity around your guidance. I am a little confused about what is driving the incremental margin expectation given your sales range is unchanged, your gross margin is unchanged. That would seem to imply that you are expecting better expense performance yet your per store expense guidance is the same. Could you help me connect those dots a little bit better? 
Greg Henslee: The increase in our operating margin guidance for the year is based on the performance in the first quarter with the second, third and fourth quarter expectations staying the same.
Robert Higginbotham: I guess I am still a little bit confused because all of your annual numbers are the same except for your EBIT margin and yet your SG&A per store for the year is the same as well. I might need to dig into this off-line. Is there something else I am missing about timing of store openings perhaps or something along those lines? 
Greg Henslee: No I would tell you that some of the ranges have -- there is varying degrees within the ranges based on our first quarter results the only percentages that we felt triggered outside of range was operating margin.
Robert Higginbotham: Got it. And then my second question is one of your big competitors this week talked about some supply chain issues they were having with one of their undercar vendors. You don't necessarily overlap with all of your competitors in terms of vendors but did you experience any of those same type disruptions?
Greg Henslee: There is really not there is still time that we dont have some type of supply chain disruption with them. And I dont know for sure those vendors that they were speaking to that I dont think they mentioned the name but I suspect I know because we're supply by the same vendor. And yes, we have actually of vendor that are having trouble, at a matter of fact Greg Johnson who is here visited one of their distribution centers here recently just trying to get a better birds eye view and handle on what they are doing to their business.  We mitigate that significantly with relationships with the backup vendors many of which supply us other products and then we have processes in place to divert orders to vendors who have product and can supply. So I'm sure they will get through this in short order they are a quality company and one that has supply to us for a longtime. But there are in a process of integrating some businesses they obtained into distribution facilities that don't appear to be as prepared for it as they could have been and yes, we are experiencing some disruptions but again this is not something that is unusual, we consistently have issues of one type or another with suppliers.
Robert Higginbotham: Got it. Let me sneak just one more quick one in there. You spoke to February being a little bit soft. Your footprint in the Northeast is not particular big at this point but was it snowstorm, inclement weather type issues that drove that February softness? In the Northeast specifically? 
Greg Henslee: We're not exposing Northeast as some. Really what was I was talking is being more on relative basis our two year stack was pretty consistent we win up against some tougher comparison two year stack stake in system. But the comp number for this year was slightly lower than it was in January and March. Yes I would say it was more related to kind of some late winter weather which in the longer term is generally good for us but in the short term when people are iced in and not driving and those kinds of things they can create some softness in business for a short period of time. I think that's probably the primary factor with this year in February. Again we had a good February it was just slightly less than what our January and March was.
Operator: The next question is from Alan Rifkin with Barclays.
Alan Rifkin: Thank you very much. Greg, you mentioned that traffic was the main driver on the DIFM side of the business. I was wondering if you could maybe drill a little deeper into that. Is the traffic being driven by existing customers or new customers? Maybe if you will provide an update as to where you are seeing new customer acquisitions go in the future? 
Greg Henslee: Well Alan it's both. We continue to do well with existing customers. We were doing a lot of work to do more business with some of our national customer. And I guess to speak to your question about work with existing customers and we have a significant effort as to our competitors to do more business with national accounts and competitors that are changes of shops. And we continue to do well when expect to continue to do well in the future. A big driver of our just transaction increase is the continued opportunity we have in some of our newer market since specifically the West Coast markets as we continue to gain traction out there and become more of a first call status or maybe move ourselves from third call to second call with some existing customers. And then also new customers as we continue to expand our professional programs in the stores that we acquired from CSK years ago. We still -- I know we are years down the road now but we still have a lot of runway in front of us as far the amount of business that we can be doing out there per store on the professional side as well as the DIY side. And we've seeing some really good results in the last several months out there on both the professional and the DIY side. 
Alan Rifkin: Okay, thank you. One follow-up if I will. Specific to Florida and South Florida, would you be able to provide some commentary on what you are seeing down in that region? How many stores do you have down there now? What will it grow to? Given what I believe is the huge success in Florida, do you think that the Lakeland DC can ultimately support the 300 plus stores with the volumes that you are likely to get? 
Greg Henslee: Yes I think we can Florida continues to be incredibly good state for us and it's a big growth state for us in the first quarter. We're up to 130 stores in Florida now and we've not really reached down into far South Florida although we continue to look at property down there and work on our expansion down there. But we're incredibly pleased with our performance down there. A lot of this is about the team that we have executing our plan down there and we just had a really strong team in that part of the country as we do many parts of the country. But down there they've just proven that they are very successful at executing our business plan and looking back I wish we would have expanded in to Florida several years ago because this has been a great market for us but we continue to look to that growth in to Southern Florida as a big opportunity for us and have reasonably at this point that we won't be in good shape from a distribution standpoint out of our Lakeland facility.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Wanted to follow up on that question. So they push into these markets whether it is California or Florida or the Northeast really touching all of your competitors, some more than others. But can you talk about what the competitive response has been on the pricing side, is the share sort of equally being felt between your national public competitors versus let's say wholesale distributors? Finally, the competition for the parts pros and the store managers, as you add stores in these regions, where are you sourcing that talent from? 
Greg Henslee: Well from a competitive standpoint we've got test competitors all over. I would tell you that tentative landscape from our perspective is at least a strong as this ever been and probably stronger since more of our competitors compete on both sides of the business just five or ten years ago. This is hard to know for sure where the business that we gain in market gains come from. But I would say it's a mix of both, we have good competitors that are publically traded, good competitors that are private, good competitors that do businesses as what we call two step distribution which is just kind off the beaten path type of under car warehouses and they can be very strong competitors.  We really focus on establishing a relationship with the best customers in market and then overtime every customer in a market and just working our way up the ladder improving our ability to provide service that exceeds our competitors in many cases having competitive prices.  We really dont see a big price response as we come into the market. I think that most in our industry have realized that price is not the primary reason that a shop buys from a part store it's a service in relationships and their ability to work with the part supplier to make sure that they have the right to return products that they take up a car for warranty, the occasional labor claim just all the relationship things that go into helping partner with those guys to be successful in their businesses.  From a people standpoint we sometimes transplant people, we're moving from one market to another in many cases we will hire them from competitors who are doing a lot of business down there many times they are not our retail publically traded competitors they might be our wholesale competitors or under car type competitors. But as we expanded in new markets we of course look around and see who is selling the parts and if we have a chance to give someone an opportunity with the company thats going grow in that market and put them in a position to improve their career and become part of our team here at O'Reilly we do that. But in many cases we're able to move people and promote people from within as we expand. And in Florida it's been a mix of both we've hired some people with they've helped us and then we've developed and promote some people from within. So it's a combination.
Chris Horvers: And then as a follow-up, on the national account side, is that a relatively new push for you in sort of what was the genesis of it and what capabilities perhaps now that you have now that you didn't have before allow you to do there or is it just a question of a priority?
Greg Henslee: Prior to us acquiring CSK and getting CSK to the point there is professionally capable as they are today. And speaking of our West Coast stores we really have a national footprint to be a true national account provider. Today we are in better position in ever to do that with the exception of a few states up in the Northeast. Some of these accounts are not truly coast to coast national accounts they're big regional accounts. And over the past three, four, five years we've put a lot more effort into developing relationships with those accounts and growing those accounts than we had in the past partly just because of our geographic footprint but then also because of the consolidation in the service provider industry and our desire to benefit from that consolidation be a partner to these companies that are consolidating and growing the business.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser : Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. I was really just mostly curious about what has caused the step function change in your performance relative to the industry? Seemingly in the last couple of quarters, for sure this quarter, last year you had seen a little less SG&A leverage in your P&L and you were investing a little bit more in the stores. So are you now seeing the benefits of that through maybe accelerated market share gains or is it the weather and gasoline phenomenon that you are seeing whereas your competitors aren't seeing any? We all know that you folks work very hard but we also assume that everyone else works hard so where is the delta? 
Greg Henslee: It is hard to know for sure but we try out the hard. We have a great team in the field and this is supported by great team here at our headquarter. I can't help if you like some of the things that we've done over the past few years which has improved our availability to products we've increase the number of times that we touch our story today. And as you know product availability is a huge factor and driving the success in auto parts business. And because if you can get the product faster even your competitor can thats a big factor.  I think some of the retail things we've done as far as improving the services that we do maybe helping a customer pull the meaning of a check engine light is on or installing a wiper blade or the occasional battery, stuff like that. I mentioned before that there was a time that we were pretty reluctant to do those kinds of things simply because we didnt want to infringe on our professional customers business and operations. But overtime realized that those kinds of things from most part they were unable to charge a customer for anyway and they didnt mind us doing those things so we've done that, I think thats been a contributor to our DIY business.  As much as many things we just got a really, really strong management team in the field that is incredibly focused on making sure that we out hustle and provide a service level to our customers is greater than what our competitors be. And while thats not something that day start doing that it grows your business innocently it something that overtime has a very positive effect. I think that over the past two or three years we put a renewed emphasis on the importance of out servicing our competitors and making sure our customers experience the service level with us is that's greater than they would experience with any of our competitors and I think thats probably the biggest factor driving our performance.
Michael Lasser: And if you had to quantify where you are availability in store service today versus where you were two years ago, is there any way you could do that like number of parts or percentage of stores that are being touched multiple times per day?
Greg Henslee: Well two years ago we would have been -- just more maybe slightly better than we were two years ago compared to three or four years significantly better. We only started touching our stores more on weekends back about three years ago. I really dont have the numbers with me but we turned it up a lot and we could turn it up more, as more as more and more of our competitors have come with the realization that being in the professional business requires that you'd be able to put the part in the professional customers hand first if you want the business is augmented their distribution capabilities with hub stores and so forth. We further levered this very strong distribution network we have that's augmented by our hub stores. And we have the ability to deliver it further if we want to. Right now we feel like that the service level that we're able to provide are a notch above our best competitors and we have the ability with this strong infrastructure that we have to continue to turn that up as we need to remain the preferred supplier and maintain this advantage that we feel like we have from availability standpoint.
Michael Lasser: That makes sense. Last one with all due respect; I guess the only part of your organization that may not be working to its full potential is the balance sheet. I would expect Tom's comment that you will take your leverage ratio up from 1.7 times to 2 to [indiscernible] when the time is right. But can you give some factors that we can better understand what is going to dictate that timing? Is it a gauge, the performance of the business, are you keeping that powder dry in the event that things slow and you will be able to cushion your earnings with that or is it are you waiting for stock price to get to before you take your leverage up because stock seems to be only going one way right now. 
Thomas McFall: Hi Michael this is Tom I guess you are asking me that question. We are a long term focus company so how much we repurchase during a quarter is a portion of our long term plan. When we talk about the quarter itself we really look at buyback as call to call. If we look back to the beginning of the year we were in a dark period we released earnings in February and we bought really not very many shares. So since the last call we've repurchased $200 million worth this year. So a pretty good amount what I would tell you we continue to be very effective in generating free cash flow higher than our conservative projections. So we will continue to deploy the cash that we generate over a period of time to consistently buyback our shares within that we want to maintain flexibility to pursue opportunistic acquisitions.
Michael Lasser: Could one of those acquisitions be akin to what you did with CSK where it was a sizable entity not operated to its true potential and you've been able to fully exercise every bit of value from it?
Thomas McFall: There is not a player in the U.S that we dont have a significant overlap of that size. We continue to look at all opportunities to expand our brand. But to your point our history is been we've been successful at identifying underperforming assets and brining the things that we do to the table and improving their performance. So thats what we continue to look for. 
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot. Good morning and congratulations on your results. I want to dig into your history and the business and think about the way you have typically seen gas prices impact sales, both in terms of magnitude, mix and also timing and what you see today and how that compares to your expectations and your prior experience? 
Greg Henslee: Well we've seen the impact from gas prices really more on the increasing side as they increased back some years ago and we felt the effect of that to some degree. Although it was tempered by the fact that people were hang on to the cars longer in the tougher economy and maybe doing more repairs and that benefited us. I guess what I would say is that right now with gas prices having come down as much as they the feeling of the business is very robust. It's hard to quantify that I would say that the magnitude of the effect of that I would reflect simply in the miles driven and according to last year's model increased significantly if I have that number I dont have in front of me but I think in January miles driven were up 4.9%. And thats pretty significant so to me the measurement of the effective miles driven in gas prices is reflective on the miles driven. And miles of course gave a very positive effect on us. Now one of the contributors who miles driven of course is the fact that unemployment rates have come down and computer miles are up. And we do that as a positive force too, so both those things are significant contributors we feel like to our businesses as well as many retail businesses it might not do as well and when consumers dont have cash and might differ some of the things that they would otherwise.
Matthew Fassler: I know you spoke about strength in some of the core auto parts businesses. To the extent that you have a discretionary element in your mix, have you seen that respond recently to what might be deeper pockets for your core customer?
Greg Henslee: What I would say is during the tougher times doing the recession we saw some of the appearance, accessory type categories that performed poorly and this past quarter where virtually every category performed well. So I think i-category performance is reflective of the consumer that is going to spend more money than they have in the past few years.
Matthew Fassler: Great. Just one quick follow-up, you touched on a couple of different markets. If you think about regional differences across the business, anything significant other than say the strength of Florida that you discussed?
Greg Henslee: Have a lot of strength in Florida, have a lot of strength on the West Coast we're doing really well. We've really all parts of the country we had a really good start to the year. West Coast and Southeast are best performing market.
Operator: The next question is from Bret Jordan with BB&T. 
Bret Jordan: Good morning. When you are talking about areas for geographic expansion, we didn't talk much about the East and I guess if we look at the Devens distribution center, what are we serving out of there? And are you focused elsewhere because there are just better opportunities there than what you are seeing in the Northeast or maybe a little more color on that. 
Greg Henslee: No we're working to expand it there now Devens is supplying somewhere near 60 stores just slightly over 60 stores which include 50, 60 IT stores that we acquired a few years ago. We were actively spending a lot of time up there to find expansion properties. And will be expanding up there, we see a lot of opportunity in the Northeast. High population lot of traffic, we'll do well, it's just a matter of us obtaining size and growing between the processes. So thats good opportunity for us there. In last quarter's call we've commented on this that 2016 would be a big year for us up there. Typically for us be comfortable with the markets and develop sites, it really [indiscernible] is a two to three year process. So next year we would expect to see more significant growth out of Devens.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you. And then a quick follow-up, you had commented that the second quarter is starting strong. Could you remind us the cadence last year? I think my recollection was Q2 last year started stronger and ended weaker and just sort of a softer, June and July. Is that something that you see and I guess as you progress through the quarter?
Greg Henslee: The difference was significant. Last year was April, May or pretty comparable June is slightly softer it was pretty consistent.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Wewer with Raymond James.
Dan Wewer: Greg, O'Reilly's success in the do-it-yourself channel seems to be overlooked. When we've been out visiting stores of late we sense that you have been adding payroll to the stores after 5 PM and on the weekends. Is that having any benefit that you can tell on your do-it-yourself productivity? 
Greg Henslee: We think that there was a time not that many years back that we were probably guilty of not staffing as the way we should on nights and weekends just with respect to our focus on the professional side of the business and the fact that we wanted to have our best and most qualified team members present when the shops were open. And as we have tried to improve the service level fully provide on the DIY side one of the key to that of course is to staff appropriately when a lot of the DIY business takes place which is nights on weekend. So we've had a conservative effort over the past couple of years maybe a little more than that to staff more robustly on nights and weekends not only from a headcount perspective but with the quality of team members that can provide the service levels that will make us the preferred supplier to DIY customer.
Dan Wewer : And then also can you speak to the change in your private label penetration over the last three or four years and then also if there is any payback on that on the commercial sales channel because we do sense that some commercial customers are focusing a bit more on price than they have in the past? 
Greg Henslee: Well our private label business continues to grow. I actually didnt look at the number before I came, I think we're around 35% private label something like that. We have grown that really through the recession with respect to the fact that more customers were choosing or driven to choose a low priced product as opposed to a premium product. And where we had covered disparities maybe we had our full line coverage in our brand and then we had short line coverage in a private label.  We felt like it was putting us at a little bit of a disadvantage so we've expanded our private label product offerings in many hard categories and as a result that availability has shown us that a lot of customers simply prefer those products. Now in our business we -- in many of our categories where we have put a private label product in place it's actually a branded product it's a product that we have set a send up as a brand, a national brand, we consider to be a private label product. We would expect that to continue to grow to some degree like our import parts offerings for most part what we would consider private label but they are really branded products. So yes we expect that to continue to do well and grow. What I would add to that is when we look at our professional business. We manage our product line up on a category by category segment by segment basis. And there have been certain categories that professionals have been more receptive to moving up of traditional brand but there are many more categories where brand that traditional brand remains extremely important for the installing. 
Dan Wewer: So you would say that the growth in your private label is primarily driving the do-it-yourself business for our O'Reilly, not so much commercial?
Greg Henslee: I would say that what we're seeing is thats really category by category basis for what's accepted in the general market place. 
Operator: The next question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Gutman: Greg, you got a couple of questions with market share in it. I want to focus on that for a second. Do you have a sense whether you are taking more share in DIY or DIFM at the moment? 
Greg Henslee: I would speculate and again we dont have all the details of the division of sales by our competitors that based on what we know at least in our public traded competitors. They appear to be growing their do it for me business much faster than the DIY both ours are growing well. But considering the disparity that we seem to have between our DIY performance and some of our competitors DIY performance have a half of things we're gaining more market share on the DIY side.
Simeon Gutman: Okay, that's helpful. And second, AAP is going through a consolidation and I think there is some natural and expected fallout and I think you would agree with that. Can you say whether you are positively surprised when you are seeing more fallout than you would expect or less? And is that something you can share with us?
Greg Henslee: I think there are still fairly early in the integration process. I think that we've been pleased with our ability to grow business in the markets where they have worked to consolidate. Some markets they've really havent done much consolidation work yet. But I would say that we're pleased and it's gone kind of as we would have expected from a benefit to our company standpoint. I think there is still a lot to be seen with our integration it's still in the early stages I would speculate and a year from now I could probably speak to the benefit we've seen and whether or not that met our expectations better than I can at this point simply because the integration is still very early.
Operator: We have reached our lot of time for questions. I would now turn the call over to Greg Henslee for closing remarks. 
Greg Henslee: Thanks Ellen. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking over entire O'Reilly team for the outstanding start to 2015. We remain extremely proud of our record breaking first quarter results and extremely confident and our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share and are focused on continuing our momentum throughout 2015. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to reporting our 2015 second quarter results in July. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff M. Shaw - Executive Vice-President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Vanessa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2014 results, our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2015, and after our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; Ted Wise, our Executive Vice President of Expansion; and Greg Johnson, our Executive Vice President of Supply Chain, are also present. I'd like to begin our call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another great quarter, which closes out a very successful year. Our team's ability to consistently grow market share by providing excellent customer service, day in and day out, is highlighted by our comparable store sales results, which exceeded 5% each quarter of 2014 and finished at 6% for the full year. Our goal is not just to grow our market share, but to grow it profitably. And again, our team's commitment to customer service drove exceptional results in 2014, as we set record high quarterly operating margins each quarter of the year. These consistently outstanding results are the result of the hard work and dedication of each of our Team Members, and I would like to thank our team for their relentless commitment to our ongoing success. As we have seen the past 3 quarters, undercar repairs such as brakes, driveline, chassis and ride control were key contributors to our strong 6.3% comparable store sales increase for the fourth quarter, which exceeded our guidance of 3% to 5%. The strength in undercar categories, along with general strength in all hard parts categories, drove comparable store sales of 6% for the year, which exceeded our guidance from the beginning of the year of 3% to 5%. For the year, we increased sales by $567 million to $7.2 billion, and we are especially proud of our team's ability to profitably grow market share, as we achieved another quarterly record operating profit of 17.2% in the fourth quarter, culminating in a record full year operating profit of 17.6% for 2014, which is 100 basis point increase over 2013. Our ability to profitably grow market share, combined with the prudent expense control, yielded earnings per share growth of 26% for the quarter, representing our 24th consecutive quarter, with earnings per share growth in excess of 15%. For the year, earnings per share increased to $7.34 a share, which is a 22% increase over the prior year and represents the sixth consecutive year of EPS growth in excess of 21%. For the quarter, our comparable store sales were a robust 6.3% on top of strong comps in the fourth quarter of 2014 of 5.4%. Sales volumes during the quarter were relatively consistent. However, comparable store sales percentages slowed somewhat in December as we faced our toughest comparisons. Both our DIY and our professional comparable store sales were strongly positive for both the quarter and for the year. I would now like to discuss our comparable ticket count and average ticket size results, and how these factor into our view for 2015. For the quarter and full year, we consistently and robustly grew our professional comparable transaction count, as we very successfully grow in new and acquired markets. We expect to continue to aggressively grow our professional business throughout 2015. On the DIY side of the business, we generated comparable traffic growth for both the quarter and for the year. Our improved DIY business is the combined result of our focus on opportunities on this side of the business, which Jeff will discuss in a moment, and the gradual improvement in the health of the DIY consumer. During the year, the unemployment rate has dropped from 6.7% to 5.6%. This improvement has contributed to a consistent, yet somewhat modest, growth path in miles driven, and we are optimistic this trend, combined with lower gas prices, will be a tailwind to the DIY business in 2015. Average ticket increases are due to an increased mix of hard parts sales and the increased parts complexity, which drives up the average repair cost. The increase in average ticket has been -- has not benefited from inflation for the past 2 years, and we have seen less than 0.5% of inflation on selling price of like parts. This recent trend is below historic norms and creates a headwind to the comp growth we expect in 2015. However, we expect to see continued growth in average transaction size, driven by increased parts complexity and cost of repair, which we firmly believe is a long-term driver in our industry. For the first quarter of 2015 and the full year, we are establishing comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5%. In developing our guidance, we expect miles driven will continue to increase at a moderate rate and benefit demand in our industry. We base this view on the improving health of the consumer and, for the time being, lower gas prices. We further expect to see continued growth in miles driven, specifically in the population of out-of-warranty vehicles, as the better engineered and manufactured vehicles from the past 15 years are capable of being reliably driven at high mileages, if reasonably maintained. We believe this is an ongoing long-term trend that will benefit our industry for the foreseeable future. Finally, our comparable store sales expectations assume pricing in the industry will remain rational, and as I previously noted, inflation will remain muted. While we expect each of these factors to be tailwinds for our business in the coming year, we will face tough 2014 comparisons in every quarter of 2015. Ultimately, our ability to grow our comparable store sales in 2015 and beyond is based on our team's commitment of providing the highest levels of service in our industry, and I'm very confident that commitment is very strong. Not only has our team been able to increase our total sales by 8.5% over the prior year, but the sales increase represents sustainable profitable growth, which is reflected in our strong gross margin expansion. For the year, our gross margin improved to 51.4% of sales, which was a 73 basis point improvement and at the top end of our beginning of the year gross margin guidance of 50.9% to 51.4%. During the year, our gross margin improvement was driven by significant product acquisition cost improvements and a growing mix of higher-margin hard parts as a percentage of our total sales mix. Looking at 2015, we are setting our gross margin guidance at 51.8% to 52.2%. Our assumptions in developing this guidance are based on: the abatement of the LIFO impact we experienced in 2014, which Tom will discuss in more detail; continued rational industry pricing; and modest incremental improvements in the acquisition costs and distribution center efficiency. Thanks to the dedication of our over 67,000 Team Members, we continue to aggressively grow our market share. We are very confident we will continue to execute our proven model at a very high level. And based on the strength of our team and our continued confidence in the long-term drivers of demand in our industry, we are establishing our operating margin guidance for 2015 at a range of 18.1% to 18.5%. We are also establishing our earnings per share guidance at $8.20 to $8.30. January yielded solid results for us, so we feel like we're off to a good start in 2015. And to complete my comments, I would like to commend all of Team O'Reilly for our record-breaking performance in 2014 and their ongoing commitment to our continued success. Because of each of you, 2014 represents the 22nd consecutive year we have increased both our comparable store sales and our operating income every year our company has been publicly trading. Thanks to all of you for your excellent work. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Shaw.
Jeff M. Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another outstanding quarter and year. Our industry-leading 6.3% fourth quarter comps and full year comps of 6% wouldn't be possible without the excellent, consistent customer service you provide our customers. Your relentless focus on outhustling and outservicing our competitors drives our success. And I'd like to thank you for your hard work and commitment. Today, I'm going to discuss our operational results for the quarter and year and provide color on some of our operational initiatives. SG&A levered 23 basis points for the fourth quarter and 28 basis points for the year, driven by our strong comp performance. At the beginning of the year, we anticipated per-store SG&A would increase around 1.5% for the year, but actual results for the year were an increase of 3%. Early in the year, we made the decision to be more aggressive in our store staffing to capitalize on the favorable industry trends. As we've discussed on this call many times, we staff our stores to provide excellent customer service and to fuel the growth of our business. Based on our industry-leading comparable store sales results, we feel this decision to be more aggressive was warranted. When we look at our business, we know we have a tremendous opportunity to improve our average DIY per-store volumes. I'd like to touch on 2 of the items we feel helped drive our strong DIY results for the year and feel that we will continue to drive our business going forward. First, as I mentioned, we were aggressive in our store staffing hours, while also increasing the flexibility of those hours. This allowed us to provide better levels of customer service, especially on nights and weekends, which are high-volume DIY times. Second, we continue to roll out enhanced weekend access to expanded inventories through our DC and hub networks. We began testing this in 2012 and began rolling it out in 2013 through 2014. This enhanced parts availability has been a strong driver to our weekend business. Based on our results in 2014, we feel we have our store staffing levels dialed in at the appropriate level to provide excellent customer service and drive sales growth. As a result, we expect to see a more moderate growth in average SG&A per store and are establishing guidance at an increase of 1.5% per store for 2015. Touching on our distribution team. We successfully opened distribution centers in Lakeland, Florida; Chicago, Illinois; and Boston, Massachusetts during the year. Each of these DCs came online very smoothly and are now servicing all of the stores in their respective service areas. With the addition of these 3 DCs, we're well positioned for expansion in new and existing markets, with capacity for an additional 800 stores across the country. Our ability to provide industry-leading parts availability while operating very cost effectively is a big driver of our sales and profitability growth, and I'd like to congratulate our DC teams on a great 2014. For the year, we accomplished our goal of opening 200 net new stores. We continue to take advantage of new store opportunities across the country, with the most significant growth concentrated in the following regions: the Florida market, supported by our new Lakeland DC; California, as we backfill attractive markets not previously penetrated by CSK; the upper Great Lakes, as we ease growth constraints across multiple DCs with the opening of the new Chicago DC; and Texas, which continues to be a growing market for us. For 2015, we expect to open 205 new stores. We will again open new stores across the country with areas of high concentration, similar to 2014, and additional growth ramping up in the Northeast supported by the Boston DC. We've been very pleased with the productivity of our new stores and believe the 2015 store class will produce another great year. In closing, I would like to, again, thank all of our 67,000 Team Members for your hard work and dedication. Your focus on providing excellent customer service each and every day is the reason we had such a successful 2014 and it will be the driver to a great 2015. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I would also like to thank all Team O'Reilly for your continued dedication to excellent customer service, which drove our outstanding results. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and provide additional guidance for 2015. For the quarter, sales increased $143 million, comprised of $100 million increase in comp store sales, a $42 million increase in noncomp store sales, a $2 million increase in noncomp nonstore sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For the year, total sales are $7.2 billion, which represents an annual increase of 8.5% over the prior year and finished at the top end of our initial revenue guidance of $7 billion to $7.2 billion. For 2015, we're establishing our revenue guidance at $7.6 billion to $7.8 billion. Our gross margin results of 51.4% this year were very strong, improving 73 basis points, as we were very successful in reducing acquisition costs. However, the impact of our LIFO accounting creates the need for additional color in this area. Our success in reducing our acquisition costs over time exhausted our LIFO reserve, with the result that additional cost decreases create onetime noncash headwinds to gross margin as we adjust our existing inventory on hand to the lower cumulative acquisition cost. For the year, our gross margin of 51.4% included the LIFO headwind of $41 million. As Greg previously mentioned, our gross margin guidance for 2015 is 51.8% to 52.2%. This guidance assumes that we'll not experience additional LIFO headwinds. Said another way, we expect acquisition price decreases and increases to be about the same in 2015. To the extent we are successful in gaining net reductions, we will face more LIFO headwinds. However, if this does occur, we would expect a much smaller impact than we experienced in 2014 and our merchandise margins will see a corresponding benefit from the decreased cost. When we look at our quarterly gross margin, we expect our rate results to be relatively consistent quarter-to-quarter in 2015. This means we will see our largest year-over-year gross margin increase in the first quarter due to the significant LIFO headwinds we experienced in the first quarter of 2014. Our effective tax rate for the year was 36.3%, which was better than our beginning-of-the-year estimate of 37%, as we benefited from better-than-expected job tax credits. When we look at the full year of 2015, we'd expect our tax rate to be approximately 37% of pretax income, as certain job tax credit programs have expired. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, we expect our quarterly tax rate to be around 37.3%, with the exception of the third quarter when we expect the tax rate of approximately 36.2% as we adjust for the tolling of certain tax periods. These estimated rates are subject to the resolution of open tax periods under audit and our success in qualifying for existing job tax credit programs. Now we'll move on to free cash flow and the components that drove our results and our expectations for 2015. For the year, we generated free cash flow of $760 million, which exceeded our beginning of the year estimate of $570 million to $620 million. I'll spend some time to discuss the main factors driving our free cash flow results. Inventory per store at the end of the year was $585,000, which was an increase of 2.6%. We had expected to keep per store inventory flat from 2013. However, we ended the year with a spike in December DC inventory. For 2015, we expect our per-store inventory to increase a little less than 1% per store. Our ongoing goal is to ensure we're growing per-store inventory at a lower rate than the comparable store sales growth we generate. We accomplished that goal in 2014 and expect to continue our success of efficiently deploying inventory in 2015. Our AP to inventory ratio finished the year at 94.6%. This was substantially better than the beginning of the year estimate of approaching 90%, and this strong improvement, combined with net income over plan, were the main drivers to our better-than-expected free cash flow. In 2015, we expect the growth of this ratio to slow substantially as we approach a yet to be determined ceiling and are projecting a year-end 2015 AP to inventory ratio of 97%. For the year, capital expenditures were $430 million, which was above the range we established at the beginning of the year of $390 million to $420 million. This above-expectations result was driven by an increased percent of owned versus leased properties under development for opening in 2015, resulting in a higher investment for these new stores on the books at year end than we expected. For 2015, we're setting our CapEx guidance at $400 million to $430 million. The decrease is the result from the completion of our last wave of DC openings, offset in part by the higher mix of owned new stores versus leased. Given these factors, we're setting our 2015 full year free cash flow guidance to $675 million to $725 million. This moves us along to our capital structure. Yes, we're still below our targeted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2 to 2.25x. During the year, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio actually decreased from 1.9x to 1.7x. However, we continue to believe our stated range is appropriate for our business. We will continue to look for the appropriate time to take on additional borrowings, and in our range, knowing that we remain very committed to prudently managing our debt levels, so that we can maintain or improve our investment-grade ratings, which are a critical factor to the success of our vendor financing program. On this point, we were very pleased by the recent action of Standard & Poor's to raise our corporate credit rating and the ratings on our bonds from BBB flat to BBB+. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and in the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.2 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $152.05 per share for a total investment of $179 million. Subsequent to the end of the fourth quarter through yesterday, we repurchased an additional 0.1 million shares at an average price of $183.20 per share, for an additional $9 million investment. For fiscal 2014, we repurchased 5.7 million shares for a total investment of $866 million. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of the opportunities to invest in our business at a higher rate of return, and we'll continue to prudently execute our program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns to our shareholders. For the first quarter, we're establishing diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.89 to $1.93. And for the year, our EPS guidance is $8.20 to $8.30 per share. As a reminder, our diluted EPS guidance for both the first quarter and full year take into account the shares repurchased through yesterday, but do not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. In closing, I'd like to once again thank the entire Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to the company's success. Congratulations on another record-setting year. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask Vanessa, the operator, to return to the line, and we'd be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have our first question from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: My question revolves around SG&A you leveraged for 2015. It seems like you've got the store level staffing dialed in properly. Your guidance for 2015 embeds only about a 10 basis point improvement in the SG&A rate. Why don't you expect better leverage if you expect comps to be 3% to 5%?
Gregory L. Henslee: Tom, you want to take that?
Thomas G. McFall: Okay. Seth, what I would tell you is that we're looking at good leverage, but we're also looking at making some investments in our business, both from primarily around the technology area and communication to our stores. So we have some additional expenses we're going to take on there to ensure that we're providing a customer experience that meets the needs of our customers.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. Can you provide any more clarity around that? What particular investments are you referring to?
Thomas G. McFall: Our ability to enhance our systems and install new systems at a faster rate.
Gregory L. Henslee: And additionally, the telecom ability to move information, video, things like that to our stores in a more expedient fashion that will cost us a little more as we set those up and move away from regular copper phone lines to voice over IP technology and things like that.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You outlined a lot of the initiatives that help contributed to your above average growth, your comp growth that you saw in 2014, things like the weekend parts availability, weekend store hours, the labor investment, I'm assuming the loyalty card helped. How far, if you look at all of those initiatives, how far into -- have you really harvested the benefit? So another way of thinking about it is, now how much more can they contribute in 2015? And then, if they're in the eighth or ninth inning, are you just going to be more subject to the ebbs and flows of the overall market demand?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Michael, to tell you, I guess from my perspective, there's really never been a year in the 30-plus years I've been with the company that we didn't have initiatives to improve customer service and improve our sales results. The things we talk about now are some things that we've done the last few years, which were a little bit changed from the past relative to maybe some reservations we had about our relationships with our professional customers and how aggressive we could be on the retail side. And in all those things, we feel like we still have a lot of room ahead of us from an improvement standpoint. So I would say, we're in the early innings in most of those things. Our rewards program, there's a lot of things that we can do to tighten the relationships that we have with our customers. Staffing in a retail environment like we're in is always an ongoing challenge and one in which we feel like we always have opportunity. So I think we still have a lot of room from -- ahead of us. And as we move to this year, we'll be implementing new ideas and new things that we feel like will improve our ability to compete and grow our comp store sales.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up question, Greg, is when you look at your professional business, is most of the growth coming from existing accounts? Or are you increasing the frequency and the penetration of -- or are you getting more deeply -- more deeply penetrated within your existing accounts, new or existing?
Gregory L. Henslee: That's a hard thing to measure, obviously, because we're growing as much as we are. I mean, but to answer your question as best I can, it's coming from both. We -- very seldom do you have a relationship with a customer that relates in them buying everything from you, because some things you might not have, you have to pick up or they may have a brand preference that maybe we don't have and they buy it from another supplier or just a variety of things. So we -- we're out there working every day to grow business with existing customers, and we're calling on customers that aren't buying from us, especially in newer markets. A lot of times when you start off a new store, you work on the low-hanging fruit first, the customers that are most likely to buy from us. And then over time, as we become more capable and we penetrate deeper in the marketplace, we start developing relationships with the customers. So it's both, but I don't have a number for you on which would be the biggest contributor.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And if I could just seek one last one in for Tom. Your stock has been a beast. How do you think about continuing to deploy capital back to shareholders through share repurchases when it's trading at the valuation level that it is? And would you consider other forms of capital return?
Thomas G. McFall: We discuss how we're going to return capital on a quarterly basis, and that's a pretty lively discussion. What I would tell you is that, we believe in our long-term growth projections and we'll continue to execute our buyback program in a prudent manner.
Operator: Our next question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Question on store volumes. So in the press release, if you do the math, the stores are doing about $1.7 million a box. If you just look at your mature store base, which I'm presuming is a bit higher than that, is there a significant spread between some of the better performing stores and the lower performing stores?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I mean, our biggest -- our highest volume store would be -- it's a real high-volume store, and it would be well above our average and well above even our heavy metro area averages. Our best-performing stores are typically in large metropolitan areas and take up a significant square footage, and most of them are hub stores or large inventory stores. So yes, there would be a significant spread between our average store and those larger stores.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right, but I guess that's more a function of a location, it sounds, based on your response?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. It's the location. It's where they're at. It's the number of shops around them. It's -- our strategy all along has been to position these stores where they're in a position where they can do a lot of DIY business. A destination for the DIY customer, yet close to the shops that would be most prevalent shops in the area. And then also some of our more -- our older stores or more rural stores, and they would, of course, be lower volume. So that factors into that too.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up, can you talk about private label, particularly your focus in hard parts, like brakes and chassis? Are you making, I know -- we know you're making a push, but I think you're making a harder push into the hard part area, and can you talk about the kind of traction you're seeing?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, again, our private label products in the hard parts area anyway, the product itself, in many cases, is not much different than the branded product. They're very high-quality private label products, and our efforts are just to have a little more control of the way the product is managed, keeping it out of our competitor stores to some degree. But our private label strategy is a little bit different than many in that we're putting high-quality products in the boxes. In many cases we're using brands that are recognized, in some cases, by the customers, and especially the professional customers as being brands that have been prevalent at some point in the past. So -- and we do this very strategically and surgically, I would say. We're very careful about what products we put in private label boxes. And very simply, we carry many brands that are just not good brands to move into a private label box, because the brands are so prevalent and we have excellent relationships with many of our suppliers and simply want to support their brands. So some of the brands that we carry, right now I would say we'd never plan to move those into private label. But others where the brands aren't as prevalent and it makes sense for us to put them in our own packages, we do that, but with the key being that we're putting in the box a product that's of high enough quality that our professional customers would consider it equal, at least equal with the branded product that it may be competing with. And so it's a slow-moving strategy, but we're somewhere in the mid-30% range, if we include oils and so forth in our private label mix.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you provide us a little bit more color on the gross margin expectations? I thought, Greg, you said one thing, and then, Tom, I thought it was a little what you said in terms of the LIFO. It's not clear to me if you guys were looking for improved supplier pricing? And then assuming that we are going to see some lower supplier pricing as part of the expansion expectations for '15, can you help us better understand where the rest of the gross margin expansion is coming from, just a little bit more color on that?
Thomas G. McFall: Our expectation is that we are not going to face meaningful LIFO headwinds in 2015. So the abatement of that is the major mover of our gross margin percentage. We also expect to see more historic incremental improvement in our ability to acquire products, our DC efficiencies, to be the remainder of the increase.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So on the DC side, though, Tom, like how much of the improvement is coming from, let's call it, falling gas and diesel prices on the distribution side? Because obviously, you guys run, I don't know, hundreds of thousands of miles, if not millions of miles, every year, kind of delivering product to stores and to customers.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, what I would tell you is that when we look at falling fuel prices, the major benefit we see is in the DCs. When we look at the stores, our expectation is we're going to run more deliveries. So we offset that rate increase with more miles. So the DCs are more of a fixed cost, so we do anticipate seeing some benefit. Our expectation is that gas prices are not going to stay this low for an extended period of time. When we look at DC efficiencies in general, the 2 main drivers there are reducing excess capacity, especially in the newer DCs, and leveraging those fixed costs, and then just as we grow store unit volumes, the bigger the unit volume, the more efficient the DC is in picking and distributing parts to them.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First a follow-up to Scot's question. So is there a way to say, I don't know, diesel and gas prices are 3% to 4% of your -- of sales or some percentage of your cost base overall?
Thomas G. McFall: We don't comment on the portions of our DC expense.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And then in the Texas market. Texas, you have an above-average exposure. I think 14%, 15% of your stores are in the Texas market. Has that been an outperforming market for you relative to the comp base over the past few years? And is there anything that you're seeing right now, as it relates to the exposure to the oil patch that makes you think that, that could be a below-average area for you going forward?
Gregory L. Henslee: Texas has been a high-performing area for us for a long, long time. Recent, just from a comp percentage standpoint, because of our growth in other areas and the stores maturing in those areas comping at high percentages. From a percentage standpoint, I'd put it kind of middle of the road in our company. I think that there is enough growth in Texas, just with population growth in cities like Austin and DSW and other metropolitan areas, that if there is an impact from the gas prices and maybe some of that business or that work slowing down, down there, it's being offset by the population growth, and we've not seen an impact on our business yet.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then finally, in terms of how are you seeing -- are you seeing a DIY lift in your business because of receding gas prices? How is the consumer changing as the money is flowing into their pockets now?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, our DIY business has been good. For the quarter, our do-it-for-me business was a little bit better, but the DIY business was very good. It is hard for us to know the effect of gas prices on consumer behavior, although our DIY business was strong for the quarter and it's been pretty strong for the year. So I think that most would speculate, including me, that with gas prices coming down, it's going to be good for the consumer, and with tax returns coming up here before long with the decreased weekly spend on fuel that, that's going to be a good thing for our industry and other retailers.
Operator: Our next question is from Alan Rifkin with Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The first question relates to the DC capacity. With 800 stores still out there, can we rule out a new DC both in 2015 and '16? Will 2017 be the first time we see another DC added?
Gregory L. Henslee: No, you can't rule out a new DC in 2015 and 2016. We would -- we haven't purchased property yet, but we are in a process of planning our expansion. And at the point that we have purchased property, we'll announce where our next DC is. But I would speculate that you can expect an opening in 2016.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Greg, could you maybe provide some commentary on the acceleration of the pro business in some of the newer markets, particularly Florida and the Northeast, vis--vis Boston?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, in the -- I'll start with the Northeast. Those are typically or, generally speaking, the VIP stores, although we have put a few new stores up there. Those are doing great. And we've -- it's been a big transition up there with the stores having previously been operated as VIP with shops attached to them and I think most customers viewing stores as purely retail stores that do both service and parts. And then, of course, we've had the headwind of convincing some of our professional customers that we're not part of VIP and that we're not their competitor and that we are a great supplier-partner for our professional customers. So this past year has been a good year for us and we've comped really well on the -- in those stores in general, and a big portion of that comp has been on the do-it-for-me side. And in Florida, we've been very fortunate as we've grown down there to have had a incredibly strong team of individuals down there that are very good on the professional side of the business. And I would say that our new store growth down there, year 1, year 2, year 3, a bigger portion of our sales in those stores has been on the do-it-for-me side than would be typical because of the strength of our team down there on the professional side. So we've been very pleased with our growth on the professional side down there.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And one last question, if I may, on the guidance. So you've just had your best EBIT margin growth quarter in a number of years. You've had 6 consecutive years of 21% earnings growth or higher. You're guiding to the midpoint Q1 of 19% earnings growth. As we look at your guidance for full year 2015, the midpoint would suggest only 12% earnings growth. Is that just conservatism on your part? Or do you see something out there in the macroenvironment in the final 3 quarters of this year?
Thomas G. McFall: Alan, this is Tom. When we look at the fourth quarter expansion and the first quarter expansion and the year-over-year results, you've got to remember that we've got significant LIFO charges fourth quarter of 2013 and first quarter of 2014. So when you look at the year-over-year, I'd encourage you to look at the run rate of those. The second thing I would tell you is, we have tough comparisons this year, and if you look back at -- and we feel like our guidance is appropriate. If you look back at last year, I think you would find that our guidance and the growth ratios you talked about are similar. We're going to go out there and try to profitably grow the business again in 2015. But we feel like the guidance we've given, reminding everyone that it doesn't include any additional share repurchases, is appropriate.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a couple of follow-up questions. I guess you may have addressed this earlier. I popped off the call momentarily, but the comp kind of in the current quarter, if you will, and your near-term outlook, you've got gas prices as a tailwind and perhaps you have a more mild winter as a headwind year-over-year. I'm just curious how you see that mixing out right now, which is the dominating factor? That's my first question.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we, of course, have the -- as you said, the tailwind of lower gas prices, which should be good. We also have the tailwind of unemployment, which is lower and down, which is good both from a consumer pocketbook standpoint but also in our business from miles driven standpoint as commuter miles increase. As we said throughout last year after we had the tough winter last winter, it's hard to ever really know the impact that has on your business. Although we did see, by category, some of the categories that we would speculate to be affected by harsh weather performed very well, and they continue to. Our business, so far this quarter as I said, has been good and we see no reason for that to change. I think the thing that we all need to keep in mind is that the car population being driven in the U.S. today is an older population. And these higher mileage cars, while they're very reliable from a engine, transmission, differential or transaxle perspective, and they're capable of being kept on the road for a long time, they still require maintenance, and at higher mileages they require more maintenance. And these aren't catastrophic mechanical failures that would cause the car to be retired, but they are things that can be reasonably expensive. So I think that those things are contributing to our industry's growth. And I think part of that, part of what we all saw of last year, when we had a relatively strong year was not purely weather-related; it was vehicle age related, combined with the weather, which is helpful. So it's hard for me to predict the impact of the consumers having more money in their pocket as a result of the gas prices and employment being a little better and the effect that maybe a milder winter so far, we still have some winter left, so we'll see what happens. But we're expecting -- we feel confident in the comp store sales range we gave for the year. And like I said, January has started off good for us, so we're hopeful that we'll continue on that trend.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. So fair to say that kind of your full year guidance, if you will, doesn't really assume much either headwind or tailwind from either of those factors, that's sort of your underlying view?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. What we do every year is we go through on a by district, by region, by division basis and kind of evaluate where we're at in the marketplace and where -- what we would expect our growth in those areas to be, and then we kind of consolidate that into our plan. And we're comfortable with the 3% to 5% range for the year right now, all things considered, including those that we've talked about.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just one further question, if I might. The -- thinking about the next year or 2 and potential sources of upside or downside. You've got, obviously, continued ramp from CSK, even though we're almost 7 years from the acquisition. DIY sounds like it has further legs to go. Which of those do you think is a -- maybe the bigger potential source of upside or at least continued tailwind, if you will?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think that we have a long way to go on the DIY side. If you look at the average per store that we do compared to our best DIY competitors, we have a lot of upside there. So I would say that's a -- that across the board, including the CSK, is probably our biggest contributor. One of the things that we talk about here a lot is how fragmented the professional side is. And while we feel like we've been a really good professional provider for a long, long time, it's very fragmented. And the percentage of the total business that we have, even though we feel reasonably dominant in many marketplaces, if you look at the whole U.S. and the percentage of the do-it-for-me business that we're doing, there's a lot of upside there. So we see a lot of opportunity on both. So I think it would be hard for me to say that there's more opportunity on one side than the other or in CSK. I think that we're getting pretty reasonably mature out in the Western part of the country, but there's a lot of business out there that we don't have. I will say that the past couple of years our do-it-for-me business has grown a little faster than our DIY. And I think for reasons that have been discussed a lot in the past, relative to vehicle complexity and things like that, that we'll continue to see that trend. Although that trend is somewhat mitigated by our efforts to grow on the DIY side. So I guess what I would say is we see a lot of opportunity on both sides.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Montani with Evercore ISI.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Wanted to ask, first of all, the loyalty program initiatives that you have. The last update I heard was that there's 9 million cardholders. Can you just refresh that number, give us a feel for the growth rates there? And then secondly, on hub stores, can you remind us where you're at today? And while there is no DC plans, can you talk about what you might have planned this year for hubs?
Jeff M. Shaw: Well, our loyalty program is now above 12 million customers, and we continue to monitor how we're doing there, and those customers appear be very loyal to us and are some of our best customers, when you compare their purchases to the average purchases and so forth, so we're very happy with that program and plan to continue to enhance it. Our hub store strategy really kind of plays into our DC strategy, because typically where we put hubs is where we don't have DC service that would put us in a position to where we would have access in our spoke stores or regular stores to a larger inventory. I don't have a number as far as the number of hubs that we'll add this year, but we consistently add hub stores and evaluate markets where we might benefit from having access to a larger inventory, and our strategy for a long, long time, long before they were even called hub stores, we had these larger inventory stores that serviced other stores from a hot shot delivery standpoint. When a customer needed a part and we made it available through a hub. We've never used our hubs as replenishment. We've used them only for availability purposes on a same-day basis, and we'll continue to use that strategy, especially up in the Northeast as we expand and we move into markets outside of Boston, for instance, where we wouldn't be able to have enough same-day drops out of our Boston DC to those areas, which there's a very dense population up there. We will have -- have to have good access to inventory. So our strategy from this point forward will continue to be as it has been for a number of years, to use hub stores as a means of augmenting our coverage in markets where we don't have a distribution center.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And just wanted to ask about acquisition cost and CapEx. On acquisition costs, Tom mentioned not to really anticipate further material reductions there. I guess I was a little surprised just because of the AP-GPI deal and consolidation between Federated and Pronto! as well as declining commodity costs and potential FX benefits if you're sourcing in dollars. So can you guys just help us understand kind of what some of the offsets are that we're missing on that front? And on CapEx, just thinking about the 2 to 3 DCs I think that you guys had either opened or retrofitted this year, thinking maybe $30 million, $40 million a pop kind of rolling off CapEx, but yet the total should actually increase next year. Maybe just help us to understand the cost to build a store that you own versus one that you would lease?
Thomas G. McFall: Okay. On the acquisition costs, we would expect to make some improvement on our acquisition cost. We've made a lot of headway over the last couple of years. In relation to some of these -- other consolidations within the industry, they are not sharing their acquisition price changes with us, but we feel like we have, for our volume, very competitive pricing. So we're looking for a more moderate improvement there. In relation to LIFO, we aren't expecting a large, large number. So just some normal acquisition cost improvements. Of course, we'll continue to work at getting the best parts for the best prices to provide value to our customers.
Gregory L. Henslee: On the CapEx side, the thing that I would remind you is that within the DC development that we opened this year, that stretches back to 2013, when we were purchasing and fixturing those facilities. So it didn't all hit in '14. The cost of a DC can vary, depending on the size and the location, in the $30 million to $50 million range.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just the cost of the leased store versus owned store, because you mentioned that was an offset. Can you just give us some additional clarity on what's actually increasing this year?
Gregory L. Henslee: We're about 1.3, 1.4 for an owned location and the difference would be primarily -- we might be in the 400,000 for leased space assuming it was a white box space.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call over to Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thank you, Vanessa. We'd like to conclude our call today by thanking our entire team for the outstanding year. We're very proud of our strong 2014 results and remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share and are focused on continuing our momentum into 2015. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to reporting our 2014 -- our 2015 first quarter results in April. Thank you very much.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff M. Shaw - Executive Vice-President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Ellen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. During today's conference call, we'll discuss our third quarter 2014 results, our outlook for the remainder of the year, and after our prepared comments, we'll host a question-and-answer period. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Third Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. Once again, I would like to begin our call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another great quarter. Our team's relentless commitment to providing consistent, excellent customer service every day continues to drive our record-breaking results, and allows us to profitably grow market share. And I would like to take this opportunity to thank each of our Team Members for their hard work and their dedication to our company's long-term success. As you listen to today's conference call, I think you'll find that it sounds very similar to our second quarter call as we, again, exceeded our guidance and posted extremely good results. As we saw last quarter, the wear and tear on vehicles caused by the harsh winter continued to contribute to demand for our products and helped us exceed the top end of our 3% to 5% third quarter comparable store sales guidance with a very robust 6.2% increase. And these impressive results were on top of a solid 4.6% comparable store sales increase for the third quarter of 2013. Total sales for the quarter increased 8.6% to $1.9 billion, and we are especially proud of our team's ability to robustly grow sales profitably, evidenced by our 18.3% third quarter operating margin, which is a 94-basis-point increase over the third quarter of 2013. Our team's commitment to consistent, excellent customer service over the long term delivered EPS growth of 22% for the quarter, which represents the 23rd consecutive quarter earnings per share growth and has exceeded 15%. During our second quarter call, we discussed the positive sales tailwinds we experienced from the impact of the extreme wear and tear on vehicles caused by the cold temperatures and potholes on the roads created by the harsh winter weather. This tailwind continued into the third quarter, and we, again, saw continued strong performance in our undercar categories such as brakes, driveline, chassis and ride control. As we also discussed on our last conference call, the lack of extreme heat in many of our markets resulted in a lower-than-normal seasonal sales in air-conditioning-related categories, which was a headwind to our third quarter sales performance. But overall, we saw solid results across both maintenance and repair categories during the quarter. As we look back at the cadence of sales during the period, from the beginning of the quarter through our conference call on July 24, results were slightly softer than the remainder of the quarter, but generally, very steady week-to-week. We saw solid results across the country with our new markets performing exceptionally well. Our strong comp results were driven by both our professional and our DIY business. However, as we have seen in the past, our professional business continues to outperform as we continue to take share on this side of the business in both new and acquired markets. In total, comps were driven slightly more by average ticket than traffic. However, we saw solid, positive ticket growth on both the professional and DIY sides of the business. The increase in average ticket was driven by product mix with inflation on a SKU-by-SKU basis continuing to be flat as we have seen for several quarters now. The growth in average ticket continues to be driven by the long-term trend of increased complexity and cost of vehicle repairs. During the third quarter, this trend was further driven by the high mix of undercar repairs, which typically require more costly parts. Based on our strong year-to-date comp results, we are increasing our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 5% to 6%. Our full year guidance includes our expectation that fourth quarter comparable store sales will be in a range of 3% to 5%. The midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance represents a 2-year stack of 9.4%, which is in line with our year-to-date 2-year stack at 9.8%. We expect that the strong business trends we have seen all year will continue into the fourth quarter, but at a somewhat more moderate pace as we face more difficult comparisons from the previous 2 years. We also expect the improvement in miles driven, that began in April of this year, will continue as the unemployment environment gradually improves. However, we expect that the average consumer will continue to be under significant pressure especially as we enter the busy holiday spending season. National average gas prices have declined sharply over the past several months. However, the current prices are similar to the fourth quarter of 2013, and our guidance is based on the assumption that prices will remain around the current level. Our continued strong sales results are directly tied to the high level of customer service and superior inventory availability provided by our investments in a robust distribution and hub store network and by the knowledgeable parts professionals behind our counters and on our phones each day. We are very proud of our strong top line performance and our focus on sustainable growth and profitable sales, which is reflected in our continued gross margin expansion. For the third quarter, our gross margin improved to 51.6% of sales, which was a 71-basis-point improvement over the prior year. On a sequential basis, our third quarter gross margin improved 11 basis points over the second quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Our gross margin improvement continues to be driven by product acquisition cost improvements and the growing mix of higher-margin hard parts as a percentage of our total sales mix. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see a modest sequential deceleration from our third quarter results based on the mix of business and normal lower seasonal sales volumes. However, compared to the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect to see a significantly stronger gross margin as a percentage of sales. You may recall, during the fourth quarter of 2013, we had a gross margin headwind of approximately $14 million from LIFO charges resulting from supplier deals finalized during that quarter. Tom will provide more detail around those charges during his prepared comments in a few minutes. Based on our year-to-date results and our expectations for the fourth quarter, for the full year, we are tightening our gross margin guidance to a range of 51.2% to 51.4% of sales. This guidance is based on the assumption of continued limited inflation and rational industry pricing. As we step back and look at the industry as a whole, we remain very confident in the overall health of the automotive aftermarket and in the long-term drivers of demand for our products, including an increasing rate of new vehicle sales and stable scrappage rates, which have resulted in both a growing vehicle population as well as an aging vehicle population. As we have stated in the past, with proper maintenance, high-quality vehicles, which have been manufactured over the last decade, can reasonably be expected to stay on the road for historically long periods of time and can be reliably driven at very high mileages. This, combined with the increasing rate of new vehicle sales, bodes well for continued strong future demand for the automotive aftermarket, and we feel we are very well positioned to translate that demand into market share gains. Thanks to the dedication of our over 67,000 Team Members, we continue to aggressively and profitably grow our market share, and their hard work and commitment to providing unsurpassed levels of customer service generated a year-to-date comparable store sales growth of 5.9%. Their focus on profitable growth leveraged these market share gains into a year-to-date operating margin of 17.7%, which is an increase of 88 basis points over the prior year. We are confident that our team will continue to execute our proven model at a very high level, and based on the strength of our team, our very strong year-to-date results and our continued confidence in the long-term drivers for demand in our industry, we are raising our full year EPS guidance from a range of $7 to $7.10 to a range of $7.19 to $7.23. Inherent in this revised full year guidance is our fourth quarter EPS guidance, which is a range of $1.60 to $1.64. Finally, I would like to, once again, thank Team O'Reilly for our record-breaking third quarter performance and their ongoing commitment to our continued success. We are very proud of our team, and we are very confident in our ability to continue our long track record of profitable growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Shaw.
Jeff M. Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin today by echoing Greg's comments and expressing my sincere appreciation to Team O'Reilly for another incredible quarter. Our industry-leading 6.2% comparable store sales results for the third quarter and our year-to-date 5.9% comparable store sales results couldn't have been accomplished and wouldn't be possible without the dedication of all of our Team Members working together each day to provide consistent top-notch customer service. It takes all of our store, DC and corporate Team Members' relentless focus on outhustling and outservicing our competitors to achieve this level of market share gains, and for that and so much more, I thank you. I'll now take a few minutes to add some color to our operational results for the third quarter including the progress of our distribution expansion activities and our new store expansion. SG&A levered 22 basis points for the third quarter due to our strong comp performance. Average SG&A per store increased 3.5%. Similar to our second quarter, the increase in average SG&A per store for the third quarter was higher than we expected and was driven by higher-than-expected litigation in Team Member cost. We continue to work hard at limiting our exposure to litigation costs especially as it relates to the more highly regulated markets where we operate. However, during the third quarter, we again experienced some negative outcomes on certain litigation that is inherent to the normal course of our business. On the Team Member cost front, we've always managed these costs at a granular level. Our operations groups, both stores and DCs are passionately focused on ensuring our store staffing levels are appropriate to control costs, while at the same time providing consistent top-notch customer service that allows us to profitably grow our business. As I mentioned in the past, we do not make dramatic short-term changes to store staffing levels, rather make measured adjustments to support current business fluctuations, balanced against future growth objectives. This long-term perspective on store staffing levels has been instrumental to our past success and is critical to our ability to continue to profitably grow our market share. We believe our year-to-date comparable store sales increase of 5.9%, coupled with our year-to-date SG&A leverage of 29 basis points, tells us we're successfully accomplishing this goal. Based on our year-to-date results and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we now expect that our average SG&A per store will increase approximately 3% for the full year. Before I provide an update in our distribution expansion projects, I want to, once again, spotlight the exceptional strength of our distribution operations team. When we talk about customer service on these calls, we always discuss the high service levels we provide to our professional and DIY customers. However, our culture is to provide exceptional customer service to all of our customers, including our internal customers. A perfect example is our DC teams who relentlessly focus on providing industry-leading customer service to each of our stores, which enables them, in turn, to provide unsurpassed parts availability to our professional and DIY customers. With 2 new DCs coming online already this year and a third, which just opened this past week, our DC operations team has been extremely busy. However, they are extremely experienced in managing DC open -- openings in rapid succession, and their level of service to our stores has not missed a beat. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our DC teams for their continued hard work and dedication. Now for the specifics on our DC expansion projects. Our Lakeland DC, which opened in January, has significantly improved our parts availability in the Florida markets where we continue to aggressively grow our market share. Our Chicago DC came online at the end of the third quarter and is already servicing 118 stores after only 31 days of operation. It will service the 165 stores that currently exist within its service radius by early November with capacity to service up to 250 stores, which positions us for sustained growth throughout the upper Midwest. Our newest DC in Boston opened this week, and we'll transfer stores from our existing DC in Maine to this facility over the next several weeks. We're very excited about the growth opportunities in the Northeast, and this new facility will provide us the capacity for an additional 224 stores. Switching gears to store expansion. During the third quarter, we opened 54 net new stores, and we remain very confident in our plan to open 200 net new stores for the full year. During the quarter, we opened stores in 27 different states, which has to be a record number of states for us. Leading the pack were 11 store openings in Florida, where we continue to leverage our new Lakeland DC and profitably grow our market share. Also included in this quarter's openings was our first store in Pennsylvania, our 43rd state. As I mentioned in the past, our coast-to-coast footprint allows us to be very selective in new store site selection, and allows us to develop and train great teams of parts professionals who are ready to provide top-notch customer service the day a new store opens. We have capacity for future growth across our robust distribution network enhanced by the current DC openings. We're very pleased with the performance of our store openings over the past several years, and we continue to be very confident in our ability to grow our store base in both new and existing markets. Based on these factors, we're establishing a goal of 205 net new store openings for 2015, and similar to this year, the growth will occur across our entire footprint. I'll finish up today by reiterating that O'Reilly has been successful over the years by focusing on the fundamental concept of offering consistent high levels of service at competitive prices. This is a seemingly simple mission, but requires a tremendous amount of elbow grease each and every day to outhustle our competition and grow market share. And I'd like to, once again, thank our team for their unwavering focus on providing these high levels of service every day. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd also like to begin today by thanking Team O'Reilly for your continued dedication to excellent customer service, which drove our outstanding third quarter performance. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and provide updates to our guidance. Comparable store sales for the third quarter increased 6.2%, which exceeded our guidance of 3% to 5% as we benefited from continued strong demand in hard part undercar categories. For the quarter, sales increased to $149 million, comprised of $105 million increase in comp store sales; a $43 million increase in noncomp store sales; a $2 million increase in comp -- excuse me, $2 million increase in noncomp nonstore sales; and a $1 million decrease in closed stores. This strong sales performance, combined with solid expense control, resulted in a 22% increase in diluted earnings per share to $2.06, which exceeded the top end of our third quarter guidance range by $0.11. Now I'd like to update you on gross margin in the impact LIFO accounting had on our margins. As we discussed in the last several calls, our success at reducing our acquisition costs over time has exhausted our LIFO reserve, with the result that additional cost decreases create one-time noncash headwinds to gross margin as we adjusted our existing inventory on hand that will lower cumulative acquisition cost. During the third quarter, our gross margin of 51.6% included a LIFO headwind of $6 million, which was slightly higher than we projected going into the quarter, but still within our expectations as we continue to be successful in reducing acquisition costs. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we would continue to expect to see some LIFO headwinds. However, year-over-year comparison to the fourth quarter of 2013 benefits significantly from calendaring the $14 million LIFO impact we saw last year. This year-over-year benefit is incorporated into our full year gross margin guidance range, which we've tightened to 51.2% to 51.4%. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 34.7% of pretax income versus 35.3% in the third quarter of 2013 as a result of better-than-expected job tax credits. These higher-than-expected benefits were a $0.02 tailwind to our EPS growth for the quarter. For the full year, we now expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 36.3%. Moving to the balance sheet. Inventory per store at the end of the third quarter was $584,000 versus $570,000 at the beginning of the year. While the majority of this increase is the result of the seasonality of our business, we are slightly above where we expected to be at the end of the third quarter, as a result of our decision to hold additional inventory to protect ourselves from any disruptions or potential disruptions that could occur from the West Coast Longshoremen strike. As a result, we now expect inventory per store for the full year to be slightly above last year, but we remain diligent in our efforts to add the right inventory, leverage our existing investment and minimize nonproductive inventory. At the end of the third quarter, our AP to inventory ratio was 95.7%, representing an improvement of 910 basis points from the end of 2013. While the seasonality of our business in the second and third quarters are higher-than-expected inventory balance both yield at higher AP to inventory percentage, 95.7% is above our expectations. We will give back some of this gain by the end of the year as sales and replenishment volume seasonally decrease, but based on the current support we're getting from our suppliers, we now expect our AP to inventory percentage to be in the low 90s at year end. Year-to-date capital expenditures were $317 million, and we continue to expect our 2014 CapEx to be within the range of $390 million to $410 million. This leads us to free cash flow to a $666 million for the first 9 months of the year versus $420 million in the prior year. Based on the above-planned income and our increased year-end AP to inventory expectations, we're raising our full year free cash flow guidance to $675 million to $725 million. Moving on to debt. We finished the third quarter with an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.77x. We continue to believe our targeted leverage range of 2 to 2.25x reflects our optimal capital structure and will move into this range when the timing is appropriate. However, we remain very committed to prudently managing our debt levels, so that we can maintain or improve our investment grade ratings, which is a critical factor to the success of our vendor financing program. We also continue to execute our share repurchase program. And in the third quarter, we repurchased 2.5 million shares of common stock with an average cost of $152.42 per share for a total investment of $387 million. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter through yesterday, we repurchased an additional 1 million shares at an average price of $150.55 per share for an additional investment of $156 million. We're pleased with the execution of our program during and after the end of the third quarter, as macro market conditions allowed us to move aggressively and repurchase more shares. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business at a high rate of return, and we'll continue to prudently execute our program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns to our shareholders. For the fourth quarter, we're establishing diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.60 to $1.64. Based on our above-planned results in the first 9 months of the year and additional shares repurchased since our last call, for the full year, we're raising our guidance to $7.19 to $7.23 per share. As a reminder, our diluted EPS guidance for both the fourth quarter and full year take into account the shares repurchased through yesterday but do not reflect the impact of any potential of future share repurchases. Finally, I'd like to, once again, thank the entire Team O'Reilly for your continued dedication to the company's success. Congratulations on another record-setting quarter. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask Ellen, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Chris Horvers with the JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the polar vortex and the cadence of the quarter, can you talk about how that's played out throughout the year? I -- it seems like there's a big DIY lift in its transition to the commercial side. But has any of that faded? And did any of that contribute to the cadence of the sale during the quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Chris, it's really hard to know. We -- we're -- when we opened our stores every day, we're out building demand by calling on customers, and we're waiting for demand for DIY customers who walk in our store driven by marketing and advertising, to some degree. The best way for us to look at it is just the types of sales we make, what products are selling best and those kinds of things. And I can tell you that many of our hard parts categories, many of which would be subject to the extreme winter that we had, undercar parts, ride control, chassis, brake parts, to some degree, that those categories done well. At the same time, some of our maintenance categories, motor oils, filters, stuff like that, where people are just maintaining their cars, they did well also. So it's really a hard thing to quantify. The vehicle population continues to age, so we're at record levels now. So it's a little bit of an unknown as to what types of parts will have the most demand as vehicles go through their second round of major maintenance or third round of major maintenance or whatever it is, but we know it has some positive effect. It's just hard for us to quantify.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So it's not as if you could say there was really much of a fading that has -- that occurred during the past few months?
Gregory L. Henslee: We would not be able to say that. As I would -- it would be really be hard for us to say that a big portion of the improvement in business we've seen this year is related to that. We just speculate that based on the types of sales we make and the sales that we make by category.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Interesting. And then, Tom, I was curious. It doesn't look like -- well, you didn't take out any debt through the third quarter. Historically, you've -- in the past couple of years, you've taken out debt in the third quarter. How do you think about the need to add leverage in the fourth quarter to execute the buyback?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we still have quite a bit of cash on hand. As we talked about in our comments, our AP to inventory ratio has exceeded our expectations this year, and our goal is to run with minimal cash on the balance sheet. We continue to deploy that cash against new DCs and new stores and to the expense we have extra to buy back shares in a prudent manner. So until we have used up the cash in our balance sheet, I would expect us not to look to add more leverages. We don't want to pay for the negative carry cost.
Operator: The next question is from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A lot of retailers have to make a trade-off between gross margin and payable terms, and yet you guys have been able to post pretty consistent improvements in product procurement costs for the last few years, and obviously, as we've talked about the improvement we've seen in payable to inventory ratios. What's the right way to think about your vendor negotiations going forward on both of these fronts? And is there a preference on your part to focus on more on one side of the ledger than the other?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we focus on both. Of course, payable terms has been a significant initiative of ours over the past 5 years or so, especially post-CSK. But at the same time, as our company grew as much as it did with the CSK acquisition, we expect it to be looked at a little bit differently by some of our suppliers. We're very fortunate to be a company that has strong partnerships with many of our best suppliers, and I feel like, and I hope, that we're a preferred customer for those suppliers. And I think for that reason, we're in a good position to negotiate well on both fronts. In a rising interest rate environment, of course, that changes suppliers' cost when it comes to doing business with us, if they're making their money on a factoring program, and if we're ever in that environment, then we'll, of course, weigh that in those negotiations. But right now, I would say we weigh both as important factors. And with each vendor, it's a different type of negotiation, but we don't really lean one way or the other right now.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And yet, Greg, you mentioned, if we do get in a rising interest rate environment, there might be more of a focus on the gross margin side rather than the payable. That would be the trade-off you'd be looking for?
Gregory L. Henslee: Tom, do you have any comments on that?
Thomas G. McFall: When we look at a rising interest rate environment, that's the same for everyone, but to the extent that, that happens, we look at vendor supply financing. It's really that incremental rate and access to capital earlier. To the extent that interest rates go up, we would expect to see inflation in the acquisition cost and the retail cost of our items. So really, when we look at vendor financing, it's centered around what's that incremental spread over LIBOR.
Operator: The next question is from Gary Balter with Crdit Suisse.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is probably more for Jeff, and if not -- you talked about all the DCs and their opening, how well Florida is doing, Boston, Chicago, et cetera. The other companies that you look at whether it's advanced with WORLDPAC and now AutoZone with their acquisition of what I'll call WORLDPAC mini, because I forgot the name, they're doing those separately, and you guys have a pretty big international program going on. Is that all flowing through your DC? And is that being treated? Is there a separate sales force or anything separate in your international efforts? Or is that all part of the overall O'Reilly experience?
Jeff M. Shaw: No, no, no. It's a -- it's all ran through O'Reilly which is O'Reilly sales force and O'Reilly stores.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, Gary, the kind of the -- the kind of way we look at this is that -- and we've looked at it for -- this way for a long time, even back in my young days with the company, one of the first positions I came in to, when I came to the corporate office, it was in our inventory management department. We have always looked at the parts that we deploy in our stores and our distribution centers based on the vehicles that are being driven in each market. And I think we were one of the first adapters of using vehicle population as a means of deploying inventory. So as import cars have become more prevalent, we have focused our efforts on making sure that we have the parts that -- if the cars are being driven, and to the extent that there's a brand or product-type preference by the individuals that are using those parts, we make sure that the products that we carry are appropriate. And that's why our -- the private label line that we now have, that covers more of the international car part, is -- has done as well as it has, and we'll continue to expand that. And because we have such a strong distribution network and because we've kind of always have done it this way, our sales team is just kind of geared to speak to both a specialist on import cars, a specialist on domestic cars, and really, today, they're more mixed than ever. Although there is a population of shops who specialize in import cars that sometimes like to use more OE-type parts, and we're gearing our import direct line to better fit those types of shops.
Operator: The next question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First, Greg, on the top line, which has been strong for a while and I think surprised people even this quarter, can you talk -- can we try to, I don't know, parse out what you think is really driving it? You mentioned undercar. Can you give us a sense of what the average price points for -- on undercar parts or repairs look like? Are you selling more items per basket? We've talked about loyalty program. Is that making a difference? Is your in-stock level different? I'm sure it's a host of a lot of these things, but if there's anything to pinpoint, I'd appreciate it.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. It's the sum of all the things you mentioned. Our -- the number of items per ticket, we've not seen a significant swing in that. Probably what I would lean on most is what I said on my prepared comments, and that is that as we continue to see a vehicle population that is a little more complex, uses more technology, the vehicle repairs cost a little more. And while the -- on a SKU-by-SKU basis, we don't see inflation in what are part cost this year versus what it cost last year and what it sells for, we are seeing the demand for parts that cost a little more, be a little higher in these undercar repairs that are typically the result of both higher-mileage vehicles and also vehicles that have weathered a rough winter at these higher mileages. Those are good drivers of ticket average, and we continue to see a little uptick in our ticket average. Of course, the do-it-for-me side of the business is a higher ticket average than the DIY side of our business, primarily for that reason because most of those repairs are not light repairs. They're repairs that are more heavy repairs, and the DIY customers tend to focus on repairs that are typically more light-type repairs.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My follow-up is on gas prices. We know that they go down. They should be good, but I think -- and I forgot if it was you or Tom mentioned in the remarks that we're not that different from a year ago. But what about gas prices that coincide or lower gas prices that just happen to coincide with the holiday period? If you look back at fourth quarters, does it tend to have a more diluted impact because there's other discretionary dollars moving around and maybe we'll see some deferral till next year? Or does that -- does holiday period not matter? It's more about what that customer can buy today.
Gregory L. Henslee: I'll let Tom make a comment on that.
Thomas G. McFall: What we see in the fourth quarter is it's our most valid total quarter. It's the most weather-susceptible. People are making the choice to spend their dollars on holidays, and to the extent that they can defer maintenance, they will. Luckily, for us, it's also the lowest volume quarter on a daily basis. So although it's great to have lower gas prices than we had in the third quarter, we wouldn't expect in this quarter to have a huge impact. To the extent that they stay around this number for multiple quarters, we would expect to see a year-over-year advantage in 2015.
Operator: The next question is from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask 2 questions. One, just on your loyalty card. Can you update us there? How's the penetration? Is it growing year-over-year? And what do you expect going forward? And then secondly, just in general, some industry data that comes out and some of your competitors seem to have softened a little bit this quarter. You guys were better. To me, that's clearly market share gains. But could you just address that? How much of your comp acceleration this quarter do you think is due to external factors? And how much do you think is market share gains? If there's any way you can parse that out.
Gregory L. Henslee: On our loyalty program, we continue to be very happy with it. It's based on the analysis that we do. Those customers are very loyal customers. They -- their ticket average is higher, and so we're very happy with those customers. We think -- I haven't got an update in a couple of weeks, but I think we're probably around 9 million customers that are signed up for that program now and actively using it. So we're very pleased with it, and I would say that it's a contributor to our DIY business' growth. On the -- whether the -- our results or the results of just the industry dynamics or the market share gains, I'd say it's a little bit of both. It's really hard to speak to why our comps are better than some of our competitors, but I would say that we worked hard to make that happen. It's kind of -- every day when Jeff and his guys are out on a street, making sales calls and we're competing with all the guys that we compete with, we very respectfully try to get a little more market than they do. So to the degree that we're successful at that, we're very happy with that, but I think at the same time, feel like we're in a very solid industry, one that is growing at a steady pace, and one that offers all of us good opportunity to grow our business. And just like they are, we're out there every day trying to take as much market share as we can. And we're very fortunate to have -- had the success that we've had.
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up a little bit on the DIY. And I guess, in addition to loyalty, any -- maybe you could sort of rank orders the things that you think have been most impactful on your DIY business, which seems to be outperforming category, the DIY segment, in general, in particular, the last couple of years. Just wondering is it loyalty, is it some of your POS initiatives, some of the store labor, bilingual initiatives? Just what you think has been most impactful so far, and how sustainable you think that is the next year or 2.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the thing I think is the biggest driver of our DIY success, I feel like, it's very sustainable because it is our people and it's the service that we provide. And it's been the initiatives that we've put in place over the last 2 or 3 years to be a little more aggressive when it comes to the light services that we provide for our DIY customers that walk in our stores. As we've talked about in the past, we've always been very careful not to intrude on the businesses for our most important customers, which are our professional customers. But as we realized that many DIY customers or these light jobs that they're going to do, like a battery or wiper blades or a tail light bulb or something like that, that they're simply not going to take their vehicles to a shop to do those things. And that some of our competitors were quickly providing those services in their parking lot, and we decided that -- let's do some of those things, too. And I think that to the degree that we have very, very good and knowledgeable professional parts people on our stores, we're pretty good at that stuff. And as we've kind of allowed them to be a little more focused on those kinds of services, it's played out very well for us in the DIY growth side. So I would say that service, #1; I'd say product availability, I put that right there, 2. Our distribution network and our hub store network and the number of drops in stores in metro areas get each day from either a hub store or a distribution center is very powerful. If you're a DIY customer and you walk into one of our stores, and we don't have something in our 24,000 SKUs mix at an average store to have double or 3x those SKUs available in our hub store, and 5x, 6x, 7x those SKUs available from a distribution center is a big deal. Having the parts sometimes makes all the difference, and being able to get it to the customers' hand the quickest makes a lot of difference. And I'd say those things would be what I would -- they're the most important.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then I just have a quick follow-up. Could you -- you made a comment, I think, during your prepared remarks about the cadence. Could you just repeat that a little bit, the cadence kind of as the quarter progressed and where that -- if there was a change in that, where -- if it was more pronounced in DIFM or DIY?
Gregory L. Henslee: Both DIY and DIFM were pretty comparable throughout the period. The period started at just -- it was very steady week-to-week, so I don't want to make this seem as though there was any dips or soft spots because there really wasn't. But it did start out a little bit softer than when it ended. The best part of the quarter was on the end, and the weakest part was on the beginning, but the differences there were not very significant.
Thomas G. McFall: What I would add to that, Dan, is, in the beginning of July, we didn't see much heat in air-conditioning and air-conditioning-related products, our big seller during that period. And although the undercar business was very similar throughout the quarter and strong, that lowered temperatures, and less of that seasonal business made the beginning of July slightly softer.
Operator: The next question is from Alan Rifkin with Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of times, Greg, you mentioned the outperformance of stores in the newer markets. I was wondering if you could add a little bit more color. Where exactly are you seeing the greater performances, on the DIY or the commercial side? And who do you think you're taking share from in some of those newer markets?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, as has historically been the case, when we open a new store, we typically perform a little better to start on the DIY side than we do the do-it-for-me side as we -- to gain credibility and just kind of establish ourselves as a worthy provider and some of our newer markets. And I'll mention the Southeast, for instance, because I'd rather not talk about all the markets that we do well in. And we think -- we focus on trying to get all of our new stores off to a good start. But in the Southeast, for instance, where we've built a really strong team of professionals that are very capable of servicing the do-it-for-me market. They know the lingo. They know the parts. Our do-it-for-me business has started off quicker in those markets than they historically have in our new stores. As far as who the market share comes from, it's everyone that's in the do-it-for-me business there, to some degree. There's no -- I don't feel like that we take business away from one competitor more than others, and many times, we don't know for sure who all a shop is buying parts from because almost never do you exclusively have all the shops' parts business. It's usually shared between multiple suppliers, to some degree. And of course, we all try to get all of their business, but that -- none of us are very successful at actually getting 100% all the time. But everyone is doing business down there. Some of our toughest competitors these days are 2-step undercar warehouses that focus just on the do-it-for-me side, have good people run their locations and have good access to inventory, good brands, high-quality products, solid pricing, all those things. So those companies are companies that we feel like we take business from, but then also the -- our publicly traded competitors who do so well, also, we feel like that in new markets, we are happy to be able to share business with them as we open a new store and establish ourselves as a worthy provider.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, Greg, one more for you, if I may. You talked about the benefits of the weather, but here we are, we're really 7, 8 months removed from the end of the winter. And we're really on a cusp of a new winter first starting. Have you -- and I know you guys are pretty modest, to be fair, but have you ever seen a tail as long as what you've seen in 2014 from the weather? Is it possible that it's really not the weather helping you, but really, there are secular improvements at your stores, such that for the market share gains are permanent regardless of weather patterns?
Gregory L. Henslee: Let me make a comment, and I'll let Tom and he'll comment, too. What I would say is that we've been through a lot of tough winters, and this is my -- I'll be here 30 years in November. And there's been a lot of hard winters, and we've had good business following those. I've never -- I don't remember a tough winter that we talked about as much as we have this year. And I'm not really sure what's driven that other than the fact that, I guess, maybe those of us that report publicly have mentioned enough times that we've drawn a lot of attention to it. What I would say is that some portion of our comp store sales results and the success that we're having is related to the fact that we've had some -- a tough winter and that helps business. I think probably a bigger driver of demand these days is just the fact that vehicles are staying on the road longer, and the good drive trains, the better bodies, the lack of rust, the better interiors make cars more comfortable and make consumers more willing to drive them at higher mileages. And I feel like that's at least as big of a contributor. But I know that the extreme weather is also a contributor, but yes, that's really about the extent of my analysis on that because we really just don't have good information to put me in a position where I could say anything different. But I think Tom might have some comments, too.
Thomas G. McFall: Alan, what I would comment on is, the 2014 has been a much better year than 2012. If we look back at 2012, we had a very, very mild winter. And we saw demand for -- in our industry be soft through the third quarter, so I think this is the opposite of that.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just one last quick one for Jeff. Jeff, you mentioned that SG&A per store year-to-date is up 3.5%, but you're looking for 3% for the year, which would imply only 1% to 1.5% in Q4. Especially with Q4 being a relatively low-revenue quarter, what would be driving a pretty significant decline in SG&A spending per store in Q4?
Jeff M. Shaw: Well, as we mentioned in the prepared comments and Greg just mentioned earlier, I mean, we've -- there's been some initiatives that we've focused on in the past 9 to 12 months, whether it'd be the retail initiatives, maybe some additional retail staffing for entitlement as well as just our -- in the investment in hub stores. I mean, we invested quite a bit of money in hub inventory. We've got to distribute that inventory. And to distribute that inventory, it takes infrastructure, material handling, trucks, staffing, to move those parts from hubs to the spoke stores, additional routes. And for the most part, we're in pretty good shape on that now going into the fourth quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: And just as we do every year, Alan, we expect a seasonal decline in business, and we staff our stores appropriately. During the summer time, we've been pretty aggressive making sure as Jeff said our service levels are high and that we were in the best position possible to gain market share in a relatively robust market. This -- the fact that we're in a seasonal decline now is not something that's unforeseen, and we're in the process now of gearing our stores and making sure our schedules are set to reflect a -- this expected decline in business, and that's the reason for the 3% SG&A increased forecast for the year.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Outside of the quarters that you were incorporating CSK, you haven't had 3 quarters in a row of SG&A per store growth north of 2.5% going back all the way since the 1990s. And now that your overall operating margin is approaching 17.5%, is it just harder to get some inherent leverage in the business? Maybe another way to say it is, are you having to invest more operating expenses in order to drive the growth?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think I would say this, Michael. You make a lot of choices in a business our size relative to what the opportunities are, kind of the way you go to market. And in this case where we are in -- we feel like in a period of a significant growth, and we're having a lot of success with some of the initiatives that we have underway now, we're putting -- trying to put ourselves in the best position possible to continue to gain market share. Could we run our stores at a lower payroll than we run it today? Yes, we could. And could we do so and generate the comp store sales that we're currently generating? I don't know. I don't think we could or we would be doing that. So to some degree, it's really our own initiatives that are driving that. But at the same time, we know we have opportunity to better manage overtime, to better manage our schedules, to optimize how we staff our stores and that we staff for the right -- for traffic on the both sides of the business at the right time and things like that. So there's always opportunity, but it's really -- there's nothing happening that we are not seeing coming and planning for. And really, what I would say is that what we're doing right now is driven by intent, and that we're -- we -- our comp store sales is driven, to some degree, by the fact that we're ratcheting up our service levels.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And that's helpful commentary and very fair. I guess my question is, do you have to make those investments in order to drive the comp today, whereas maybe 5 or 10 years ago, you didn't have to make as such intense investments because the stores were at a less maturity stage?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, I wouldn't say we have do. What I would say is that we're in a position where we're not comfortable not making those kinds of investments in what we view as customer service initiatives and putting our stores in the best position to provide the highest level of service. The only way you really know is to ratchet it down to see what happens, and right now, we're just in a position where we want to continue growing comp store sales at a robust rate. So we're making sure that we put ourselves in the best position to do that.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That makes sense. The other question I had is, we've heard that there's been some changes amongst your competitors and different vendors in the industry on the heels of some consolidation. Do you think that, that has, in turn, benefited you at all as some of these vendors come to you and say, you've become more important to us because we're no longer dealing with some other players in the industry?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think that's helpful to us. As a matter of fact, there's -- I won't mention the brands, but I think I know exactly who you're bringing up -- talking about. And yes, we're pretty pleased with that. I think that -- on a couple of fronts, one, there are -- there's a lot of demand for those products, and the customers that use those products most prevalent are professional customers, so you know where they're at. We can call on them. Now, we have competitors that have those products, too, so it's -- it doesn't all come our way. You got to out and work for it and earn it. But we're also very pleased with the fact that those -- the suppliers of those products recognize us as a company that they want to represent them in marketing those products. And so that's a good feeling knowing that some of the most important brands and suppliers in the industry have chosen us, whose business model is really similar these days to some of our more retail competitors as they've made the transition towards professional, where we're very happy that they continue to rely on us as a company that can adequately represent very valuable brands that they own.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Ellen. We would like to conclude our call today by thanking the entire O'Reilly Team for an outstanding quarter. Our record-breaking results are directly attributable to your continued focus on providing consistent, exceptional customer service. We're very proud of our strong year-to-date results. We remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to aggressively and profitably gain market share, and we are focused on finishing off a record-breaking year with a strong fourth quarter performance. Thanks to all of you for attending our call today, and we look forward to reporting our 2014 fourth quarter and full year results in early February. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff M. Shaw - Executive Vice-President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Liang Feng - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dan, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Daniel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter 2014 conference call to discuss our earnings results and our outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today contain certain forward-looking statements, and we intend to be covered by and we claim the protection under the Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and other recent SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements during this call. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Second Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. Ted Wise, our Executive Vice President of Expansion; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, are also present. It is once again my pleasure to congratulate Team OReilly on another excellent performance in the second quarter and to thank each member of our team for their unwavering commitment to our company's culture of providing excellent levels of customer service to each and every one of our valued customers. The sales momentum we experienced in the first quarter carried forward into the second quarter as the wear and tear on vehicles caused by the harsh winter weather contributed to demand for our products, resulting in a robust 5.1% comparable store sales increase, exceeding our guidance expectations of 2% to 4%. Our ability to deliver this strong comparable store sales performance on top of the very robust 6.5% increase in comparable store sales from the second quarter of last year is a testament to our team's commitment to serving our customers. In total, we increased sales 7.7% to $1.8 billion, and we are especially proud of our team's ability to grow sales profitably as we improved our operating profit by 94 basis points to 18.2%, which is a record second quarter operating margin. As a result of our team's relentless focus on excellent customer service and expense management over the long-term, we generated a 21% increase in earnings per share in the second quarter, which represents our 22nd consecutive quarter of EPS growth of 15% or greater. As we discussed in our last call, we expected the harsh winter weather would provide a tailwind in the second quarter as repairs were made to fix the excessive wear and tear on vehicles driven on weather-damaged roads. We definitely saw this play out in our Northern and Eastern markets where undercar categories such as brakes, right control, driveline and chassis performed very well. Our comparable store sales performance was consistent throughout most of the second quarter but we did see trend softened somewhat at the end of the quarter as we have yet to see the typical stretch of extreme heat and the associated seasonal demand in categories like temperature control and cooling. In addition, the drought in the western half of the country has not been favorable. Our sales performance to our professional customers was again the bigger driver of our comparable store sales growth as we continue to grow this business more rapidly chain-wide in both existing and expansion markets. But our DIY business was also a very strong contributor to the growth in the second quarter, and we are pleased with the market share gains we are realizing on this side of the business. Average ticket continues to be the more meaningful driver of our comparable store sales growth. As we have seen now for the past several quarters, inflation on an individual SKU-by-SKU basis was flat and did not significantly impact average ticket in the second quarter. The trend in average ticket growth continues to be the result of increased parts complexity and cost of repairs. And during this quarter, this trend was further driven by the high mix of undercar repairs, which typically are more costly and result in a higher ticket. Now I'd like to move on and provide a little more color on our guidance for the third quarter and full year. We're increasing our full year comparable store sales guidance to a range of 3.5% to 5.5% to reflect the outperformance we delivered in the first half of the year. For the third quarter, we are setting our comparable store sales guidance at a range of 3% to 5%. At the midpoint of this range, our expected 2-year comparable store sales stack is 8.6%, which is below the second quarter 2 years stack of 11.6% but in line with our year-to-date 2-year stack of 9.3% through June. In establishing our sales guidance for the third quarter, we expect to see a continuation of the current strong business trends and a solid demand partly driven by damage done to steering, suspension and right control components during the harsh winter. However, we remain cautious in our outlook for categories typically driven by extreme summer heat, such as air-conditioning, refrigerant and cooling, as temperatures have remained relatively mild, even chilly in some areas, so far in the third quarter. From a macroeconomic standpoint, we are encouraged by modest gains in miles driven as unemployment very gradually improves. But our average consumer has been under pressure for a long time as a result of the slow recovery, and we would not anticipate this pressure to significantly abate in the near term, particularly as consumers face a headwind from gas prices, which appear to be holding at an elevated level above $3.60 per gallon on average. We remain very confident in the long-term outlook for our industry as we expect to see better engineered and manufactured vehicles stay on the road longer. Moving on from the top line. We are pleased to deliver gross margin of 51.5%, a 64 basis point improvement over the prior year. On a sequential basis, the second quarter margin improved 68 basis points over the first quarter. This sequential improvement was driven by a significantly lower headwind impact from LIFO accounting, which Tom will discuss in more detail later in the call. This impact was partially offset by the favorable mix benefit we experienced in the first quarter. For the full year, we are leaving our gross margin guidance unchanged at a range of 50.9% to 51.4%. As in past quarters, this guidance assumes expected continued limited selling price inflation and rational industry pricing. Thanks to the dedication of our 67,000 team members, we continued our strong momentum from the first quarter into the second quarter and we are well positioned to deliver another outstanding year in 2014. Through our hard work and commitment to providing outstanding customer service levels, we continue to gain market share, generating an increase in comparable store sales of 5.1%. More importantly, we translate top line market share gains into profitable growth, increasing our operating profit by 94 basis points to an all-time second quarter high operating margin of 18.2% and an EPS increase of 21% over the prior year to $1.91. Finally, we remain confident in the long-term drivers in the automotive aftermarket and most importantly, in our team's ability to execute better than anyone else in our business and to profitably grow market share. Based on our continued confidence and year-to-date results, we are increasing our full year operating profit guidance from a range of 17% to 17.4% to a range of 17.1% to 17.5%. We are also increasing our EPS guidance for the full year to a range of $7 to $7.10, which includes shares repurchased through yesterday. Again, I would like to thank Team OReilly for the outstanding second quarter performance. Great job, everyone. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff M. Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin today but echoing Greg's comments on the dedication of Team OReilly. Because of the hard work and commitment of each of our store and DC Team Members, we were able to once again produce results that exceeded our expectations. During the first quarter, our team battled the elements to keep our stores open under very harsh conditions with the sole purpose of taking care of our customers when they needed us to be there for them. That level of commitment continued in the second quarter as we are once again there for our customers as they work to repair the wear and tear of their vehicles resulting from the extreme winter weather. OReillys long-term success is the direct result of our team's relentless focus on providing consistent top-notch customer service daily to every customer who calls or walks into our stores. And we cannot thank our team enough for their continued contributions and commitment to providing the highest level of customer service in the industry. I'd like to take a few minutes to add some color to our operational results for the second quarter, including the progress of our distribution expansion activities and our new store expansion. Starting with SG&A, we were able to leverage our expenses by 30 basis points in the second quarter due to our strong comp performance. As Greg mentioned, our team generated a 5.1% increase in comparable store sales during the second quarter, which was on top of a very strong 6.5% increase during the second quarter last year. Average SG&A per store increased 2.4% during the second quarter, which was higher than our expectations and was the result of higher-than-expected team member costs and negative outcomes on certain litigation that is inherent to the normal course of our business. We're very proud of our ability to relentlessly control expenses over the long-term but under no circumstances will we sacrifice our customer service. I know I sound like a broken record on this, but our ability to consistently provide top-notch customer service is critical to our long-term success. We manage our store staffing levels to control expenses with adjustments to support current business fluctuations, but just as importantly, we staff our stores, provide them with the tools they need to grow their business in the future. This long-term perspective on store staffing levels has been instrumental to our past success and is critical to our ongoing future profitable growth. As we look forward to the second half of the year, we would expect that our average SG&A per store would not increase at the same level as the first half of the year. However, due to our higher-than-planned results in the first half of the year, we now expect that full year average SG&A per store will increase by approximately 2%. Before I provide an update on our distribution expansion projects, I'd like to congratulate our DC team for their continued ability to provide the best parts availability in the aftermarket. Our knowledgeable and dedicated store teams worked tirelessly to provide our customers with top-notch service, and our DC team works relentlessly to ensure our stores are properly stocked and have same day or overnight access to all of the parts our stores need to take care of our customers. I cannot stress enough the vital role that our robust, regional, tier distribution system plays in our long-term success. Nightly store replenishment and same day or overnight access to over 145,000 hard-to-find parts is critical to providing unsurpassed levels of customer service and is a key driver of our comparable store growth, which has consistently led our industry. Along with the support of over 270 strategically located hub stores, our comprehensive distribution system provides our stores with the access to inventory necessary for continued success. And I want to thank our DC team for their ongoing hard work. Okay. Now back to the specific distribution expansion projects. Our newest distribution center in Lakeland, Florida continues to ramp up nicely and is now providing nightly service to 87 stores up from 76 stores in April. As I mentioned last quarter, it takes time for a new greenfield DC to build a critical mass of stores that is necessary to operate at maximum efficiency and optimal productivity. But our Florida DC team is focused on daily improvements, and we're very pleased with the early productivity results we've seen so far. More importantly, we're excited about our ability to provide enhanced service levels to our stores in the growing Florida markets, and we continue to view Florida as a market we can open a large number of successful stores. I'd also like to mention that our Lakeland DC team is very excited to host our Analyst Day next month and is looking forward to showing off their beautiful new facility. I'm proud to say that our distribution projects in Naperville, Illinois and Devens, Massachusetts are progressing well and remain on track to begin operations during the back half of this year. As we previously mentioned, the Naperville DC is a new greenfield facility and is needed to better penetrate the large and competitive Chicago land market and to free up growth capacity in our Northern Midwest DCs. When our Devens DC opens, we'll relocate all the operations from our existing DC in Lewiston, Maine to this new facility and will immediately service our 56 stores in the Upper Northeast. Just as important, this larger state-of-the-art facility will provide us with the capacity necessary to expand in those markets beginning with new store openings next year. We're very excited about the opportunities for enhanced customer service our current distribution projects will provide, and we look forward to their completion in the coming months. I'd like to finish up today with an update on our store expansion for the first half of 2014 and our plan to finish up the year. In the second quarter, we opened 41 net new stores across 17 states. This brings us up to 91 net new stores year-to-date across 28 different states and just shy of 50% of our planned 200 net new store openings for the year. As we mentioned on last quarter's call, the harsh winter weather pushed several of our store opening projects back, but we're confident in our ability to hit our target of 200 net new openings this year, with a good number of the remaining openings occurring during the third quarter. Not surprisingly, Florida leads the pack with the largest number of new stores so far this year at 14, followed by Texas with 10 and California with 9. As I mentioned earlier, the Florida markets present great expansion opportunities for us and California is a huge market which offers great backfill potential as our dual market strategy continues to gain traction. In Texas, our operations teams continue to execute our model very well as that market continues to expand year-after-year. The remaining openings are spread throughout 25 other states. We remain very pleased with the success of our new store openings. And we attribute this success to our ability to be very selective in our new store site selection process as well as our ability to develop and train outstanding teams of professional parts people who are eager and ready to provide consistent top-notch customer service in every new store. Our robust distribution infrastructure has capacity from coast-to-coast, allowing us to choose optimal sites in any market with the confidence that the new store team will have all of the support necessary to be successful. Now before I turn the call over to Tom, I would once again like to congratulate and thank our store and distribution teams for another record-breaking quarter. Your commitment to providing consistent top-notch service to all of our customers each and every day continues to be the key to our long-term success. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and provide updates to our guidance. Comparable store sales for the second quarter increased 5.1% which exceeded our guidance of 2% to 4% as we benefited from the strong demand in undercar categories as customers repaired vehicles damaged during the severe winter. For the quarter, sales increased $132 million, comprised of an $86 million increase in comp store sales, of $45 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $2 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. This strong sales performance, combined with solid expense control, resulted in a 21% increase in diluted earnings per share to $1.91, which exceeded the top end of our second quarter guidance range by $0.08. Now I'd like to update you on gross margin and the impact LIFO accounting had on our margins. As we discussed on our last 3 calls, our success in reducing our acquisition costs over time has exhausted our LIFO reserve, with the result that additional cost decreases create onetime noncash headwinds to gross margin as we adjust our existing inventory on hand to the lower cost. During the second quarter, our gross margin of 51.5% included a LIFO headwind of $3.4 million as we continue to be successful in reducing acquisition costs. Looking at the third quarter, we expect to see a similar LIFO headwind as we saw in the second quarter. As a result, we expect a comparable gross margin percentage in the third quarter as we achieved in the second quarter. Our full year gross margin guidance range remains unchanged at 50.9% to 51.4% and includes the expected LIFO headwinds in the third quarter but none in the fourth quarter. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 36.7% of pretax income and benefited from $2 million more than we expected in job tax credits. For the full year, we now expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 36.6%. Moving to the balance sheet. Inventory per store at the end of the second quarter was $579,000 versus $570,000 at the beginning of the year. This increase is consistent with the seasonality of our business, and we continue to expect inventory per store to be flat for the full year as our teams diligently add the right inventory, leverage our existing investment and minimize nonproductive inventory. At the end of the second quarter, our AP to inventory ratio was 93.5%, representing an improvement of 690 basis points from the end of 2013. While the seasonality of our business yields a higher AP to inventory percentage in the second and third quarters, 93.5% exceeded our expectations. We will give some of these gains back by the end of the year as sales and replenishment volumes seasonally decrease. But based on the current support we're getting from our vendors, we now expect our AP to inventory percentage to be slightly above 90% at the end of the year. Year-to-date capital expenditures were $195 million. This is slightly behind where we thought we'd be at this point of the year, but we still expect our 2014 CapEx to be within the range of $390 million to $420 million. This leads us to free cash flow, which was $461 million for the first 6 months of the year versus $263 million in the prior year. The increase is driven by higher income, slower growth of trade receivables and a better net inventory position. Based on above planned income and our increased year end AP to inventory expectations, we are raising our full year free cash flow guidance to $625 million to $675 million. Moving on to debt. We finished the second quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.81x. We continue to believe our targeted leverage range of 2 to 2.25x reflects our optimal capital structure, and we will move into this range when additional borrowings will not create significant negative carry. Over the long term, we will be extremely prudent in managing our debt levels to ensure we maintain our investment grade rating, continue our robust vendor financing program and have the flexibility to support opportunistic acquisitions. We continue to execute our share repurchase program, and from the beginning of the year through the date of this press release, we've repurchased 2.6 million shares of our stock at an average cost of $149.07 per share for a total investment of $389 million. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of opportunities to invest in our business at a high rate of return. And we will prudently execute our program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns for shareholders. For the third quarter, we're establishing diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.91 to $1.95. Based on our above planned results in the first half of the year and additional shares repurchased since our last call, for the full year, we're raising our guidance from $7 to $7.10 -- I'm sorry, excuse me, we're raising our guidance to $7 to $7.10 per share. As a reminder, our diluted earnings per share guidance for both the third quarter and the full year take into account the shares repurchased through yesterday but do not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. Finally, I'd like to thank the entire OReilly team for their continued dedication to the company's success. As Greg and Jeff mentioned earlier, your hard work and commitment to providing unsurpassed levels of customer service is the reason for our record-breaking results. This concludes our prepared comments. And this time, I'd like to ask Daniel, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your calls.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: My question revolves around, first, trends-to-date. It seems like trends slowed a little bit in June, you spoke to, how is July trending to date?
Gregory L. Henslee: It's doing fine. We spoke to June being a little softer than the first 2 months of the quarter, but it wasn't like at the cliff or anything. It was just the softest month of the quarter. But July, we're doing fine.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: So it's within your guidance range of 3 to 5 for the quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then secondly, as we think about some of the new DCs you're opening. Lakeland recently opened and then a couple more on track for earlier this year. Can you give us a sense of what kind of lift you're seeing from those 87 stores in Florida with the overnight service there or service from that Lakeland DC and what should we expect from Naperville?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Florida is a new market for us, at least Central and Southern Florida is a new market for us. And we're doing very well down there. And I think it goes without saying, as you've implied, Seth, that new stores that are supported by a distribution center have the ability to better penetrate a market than stores that are supported by a hub or maybe without the support of either a hub or a distribution center on a same-day basis. So to be frank, the Southeast and the Northeast being some of our newest markets and being markets that are -- were affected to some degree by weather, but more than anything, just the fact they're newer stores and are supported by -- in the South by a new DC are some of our best performing markets. So we would expect to do much better in Chicago. And then again, the far Northeast, where we have the VIP stores, once we have a larger DC and more access to SKUs. Because right now the stores that we have converted as part of the VIP acquisition are supported by a distribution center that does not have the number of SKUs that we would typically put into a DC because of space constraints. So we'll be in a much better position up there once we do that. But yes, they're performing well, and we'd expect the Chicago stores to perform well. I don't really have a number for you, but they'll perform better with the DC than they do without.
Operator: The following question comes from Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: My question, first question, relates to gross margin. Thanks a lot for the clarity on LIFO, appreciate it. If you think beyond LIFO and you think about the intrinsic drivers of margin in the business, I know you had started to talk about coming upon the 5-year anniversary of the CSK deal and some of the vendor renegotiations that were going to commence along with that. So can you give us a sense as to the status of some of the longer-term margin drivers and how you see those play out, gross margin drivers that is, how you see those playing out over the second half of the year and then into 2015?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, our renegotiations with vendors are pretty much complete and we're happy with the results. Obviously, our gross margin improved significantly, as you know, as part of the CSK acquisition and some of the deals that were made. And as we've anniversaried those deals, we are happy with the position we are in now. It's growing and we think a successful company. We are a company that suppliers want to have in their camp, and we feel like we'll continue to have incremental gains although we wouldn't expect our gross margin to continue to grow much in the coming years by a large extent. It will be maybe small incremental gains but nothing like what we've seen the last couple of years, I would guess. Tom, you may have some additional comments on that.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. We are starting to anniversary some of those deals. When you look at the impact of LIFO, we have a number of big deals that happened in the third, fourth and first -- third and fourth quarter last year, first quarter this year. So we haven't lapped those deals. But once we do, we would expect to get back to a more normal growth margin -- gross margin growth rate in the 10 to 30 basis points a year.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Tom, just following up on that, thinking about the cadence of renegotiation by category and vendor, which you guys have visibility to and also the pace of inventory turnover, which varies a lot by category, but on the whole is I guess about 2x a year, at what point does that really start to make its way through the P&L for maximum impact? Is it late this year, is it early '15 that you'll start to see them all kind of marshal their impact on the margin?
Thomas G. McFall: Because we're on LIFO and we utilize last buy, we see the reduction in costs across all our inventory day 1. And that second day, the first part you sell, you're selling at a lower cost. So it's not based on turns. Mathematically, we need to turn the inventory one time to offset that first write down. But sequentially, the margins improved right away.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then very briefly, following up on SG&A I know there was a small litigation item that probably distorted the numbers a little bit. How much variable expense would you say there is relative to the base guidance that you gave, relative to your sales guidance such that if sales were a little bit better, maybe the expenses in shops for bonus comp or what have you?
Thomas G. McFall: We look at these litigation items outside of normal because we have some -- we were $2 million or $3 million higher this quarter than we would be on an average run rate.
Operator: The following question comes from Greg Melich from ISI Group.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted a quick follow-up on the gross margins and then touch on SG&A. If you look at the second half, it was helpful to know about the LIFO there. Are there any uniqueness in terms of the new distribution centers coming online that could be impacting gross margin the next couple of quarters as well that we should be aware of? Then I have a follow-up.
Gregory L. Henslee: The effect of the new DCs coming online will be minimal, and we noticed in our gross margin, they're levered pretty well. And we have some offset from like our Indianapolis distribution center, which is really beyond capacity and not operating as efficiently as it should be. And we'll benefit from the offload of some of the stores, so we would not expect that to be a factor in the second half.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then on SG&A per store, I guess, it was up about 2.5%. How should we expect that to play out in the second half? Is this a good run rate? Or was there something tweaking that in a certain direction?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we've been above 2% in the first half of the year. Our guidance is to be 2% for the full year. So we should run a little less than 2% in the third and fourth quarter.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is there anything special around that? Or is it just the weather early in the year added more costs?
Thomas G. McFall: We're relatively close. These are relatively small percentages. The beginning of the year obviously had some payroll and maintenance costs associated with all the cold weather and utility costs, but there's nothing that sticks out as a real issue in the second quarter. And we should be pretty close to plan in the third and fourth quarters.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And Tom, on AP to inventory, you said part of the free cash flow increase included a new number for that, a new target. Do you have a number you can give us?
Thomas G. McFall: Slightly above 90.
Operator: The following question comes from Alan Rifkin from Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, you mentioned that the winter weather continue to be a tailwind in the quarter. I was wondering if perhaps you could quantify what the benefit was. And when do you expect this tailwind to exhaust itself?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I wouldn't really be able to quantify that. I can tell you that the categories that we would most apparently see as categories that would benefit from the harsh winter that we had were some of our best-performing categories. And I mentioned some of those, they are chassis, right control, driveline, brakes. Automotive batteries did really well, which are sensitive to weather extremes. So it was a factor. I -- to quantify them on what we would have done have we not have the weather, but these are the categories that are part of the -- a big part of our business. So we expect to perform well in those categories. Ongoing in our comp percentage is driven by our success in these categories. So the portion of our performance here that's incremental related to the weather is hard to determine. I think that when we have weather extremes, there are some things that people have to fix right away. When you got maybe a tie rod ends coming loose, your car won't pass state inspection as a result of being jarred around on rough roads, that has to be fixed right away. Things like shock absorbers, right control that may fail earlier than normal because of being driven on bad roads, those are not something you have to replace right away but you eventually will because the right of the car changes and the handling of the car changes. So there's some ongoing benefit, but it's -- it will start waning as we go through the summer. But again, it's hard to determine how much of it was related to the weather and how much of it is just pent-up demand and just the solid aspects of the business that we're in.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up, if I may. You've talked about the opportunities in Florida and certainly, we're in agreement with you. And if you look at Florida together with California, those are certainly 2 of the more lucrative states in the country. Obviously, you have more experience operating in the state of California since the CSK acquisition. But if we were to drill a little bit deeper and if you compare and contrast California specifically to Florida, what is your assessment in terms of the opportunities in Florida relative to California? Is it as good, is it even better?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I don't think we'll ever have as many stores in Florida as we have in California just because of the size of the state, population and stuff. But it's really good. Florida has been a state that has been one of our best new store opening states that we have in a while, and we're really happy with how our stores have done down there and happy how they've done once we opened the Lakeland distribution center. So I would rank it right up there. Last quarter, California and Florida led our new store openings, and we're happy with the performance of the stores in both of those states. But when we came into California, CSK already have those stores almost up to what we did average in most states across the country. So we really didn't see it from the ground up like we are on Florida. We're really impressed with Florida as to how quickly we're getting to what we would expect to do in the store. And in California, we've incrementally grown beyond what CSK has done. But it would be hard to compare the 2 because there's differences in both. Rents are obviously higher in California, so you have to do more volume per store. Wages tend to be a little higher in California so you have to do more volume per store. Litigation in California, there's a lot of rules in California that don't exist in some states, so you have to be wary of that. On balance, we like Florida a lot and we do a ton of business in California. So they're both good states for us.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Are the commercial opportunities in Florida greater than the commercial opportunities in California?
Gregory L. Henslee: The only difference that I would be able to point out, Alan, would be that in Florida, you have what I think would be an older population, that would be less likely to work on their own cars. So I think it's just a mix of business. I think the commercial business is really strong down there. I think in California, you would have more people that would be happy to work on their own cars, so the DIY business is probably a little stronger than what it is in Florida.
Operator: The following question comes from Mike Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Greg, when would you normally transition from some of the hot weather products to more fall-related merchandise? So you're going to -- the lack of hot weather won't matter as much and in what point do you get there?
Gregory L. Henslee: You start getting there like September and October in most markets. It varies on geography, of course. But generally, you make that transition after school starts. In our business, we see a little bit of a dip in the shops that we supply, see a little bit of a dip in business when school starts because people start spending money on school supplies, getting their kids ready for school and stuff. In many cases, they don't plan to spend but then they do because they need to. And they'll delay some repairs and other things that they need to do. And typically, when someone makes it to the point of school starting with something that they can avoid fixing, like an air conditioner or something, they may just hold on and wait to fix it next spring, so -- for sure, and then we would transition into doing more fall and prep for winter-type stuff.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So during those months, weather becomes less of an influencer on the business, is that fair to say?
Gregory L. Henslee: I think that's fair to say.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The other question is we'll soon get to the point where the cars that were sold in 2008 become a bigger portion of the 7-year-old vehicles. Typically, what categories are first sold into a car when they reach the sweet spot of the aftermarket. And I asked that because the weather benefit's fading, the smaller cohort begin to become a bigger portion of the total. So there's going to be a lot of debate over the next 6 months on the industry to the extent that trends remained below where they were in the first half of the year or is it a simple lack of weather or is it because of the change in a vehicle population. So I guess, what I'm trying to frame is, where will you see, if there are some impacts from smaller cohorts, the 7-year-old vehicles, where will you see it first and what are you going to be watching for?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Mike, we're talking about 6, 7-year-old vehicles. So that age of a car would typically, I know it varies by geography and by individual. But let's say it's 100,000-mile vehicle, what you're going to have is brake failure, some chassis part failure. The cars today, they are so closely monitored by a computer that has multiple sensors to detect all these different things. You may start having problems with some of those sensors. So the check engine light comes on, can cost some drivability problems, so you start having some of those things. So primarily, I think what we would watch would be brakes, chassis, ignition, emission, cars of that age need tune ups and so forth. Belts and hoses. Timing belts, especially on cars that have belt-driven cam shafts, that's about the point that the belt gets replaced. And so we'll watch those. Like I said, right now, those categories seem to be doing pretty well, and it's hard to quantify what's weather and what's just normal maintenance. So Tom, do you have something to add?
Thomas G. McFall: Michael, what I'd add to that is during the short term, quarter-to-quarter, the weather impacts our business, and it's noticeable in certain categories driven by what type of weather events we have. When we look at the car population, with 240 million plus like cars and trucks, changes in the population occurs slowly over time. And those changes, when you look back over a long period of time, are identifiable. But on a quarter-to-quarter basis, the change of a 240 million vehicle population, it's hard to track specific items related to that. So quarterly, we'll talk about whether. Long-term that change in vehicle population, the engineering of the vehicles, has the biggest long-term impact. But it's hard to identify on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Operator: The following question comes from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just curious. Did your back half comp outlook changed at all based on what you're seeing in June. I know you raised the full year, but that's because of what you've seen year-to-date. But I'm wondering if you've changed your back half outlook at all?
Gregory L. Henslee: No. We changed our full year to reflect what we've accomplished so far this year, but our back half outlook remains the same.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So this little bit of a slowdown in June doesn't change your outlook. Okay. And then, always curious, if you could talk about the percent of your business that is from DIY versus DIFM currently and sort of break that down if you can still do it. How that breaks down from the acquired CSK stores versus the stores that you didn't acquire?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Right now, we're about 42-58. 42 do-it-for-me; 58 DIY. We really don't break down the CSK versus OReilly mix. The CSK mix on the do-it-for-me business has incrementally grown, has been effective gaining market share out there, but we really don't give the mix numbers for the different parts of the...
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, how about this? I assume then that the CSK stores are still under-indexed to DIFM, but is there still an opportunity for that to increase more so than on other stores?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, they are under-indexed compared to core O'Reilly stores and our new stores, so there's more opportunity out there for us to continue to increase our do-it-for-me business. And we have a lot of good competitors out there that are doing a lot of business on the do-it-for-me side. So we see that as an opportunity for us to incrementally work to gain market share in a profitable way.
Operator: The following question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Greg and Tom, going back to the secular outlook. I know we talked a little bit about -- it sounded like Tom, it's a slower moving process than some of the numbers look. But curious what your outlook is. How do you feel and how do you think we should think about that sweet spot of the fleet, shrinking next year, should industry growth continue despite some of those headwinds? It sounds like it should but just wanted to get your thoughts.
Gregory L. Henslee: Simeon, what I would say, and Tom may have some comments, too. But we're not that concerned with the change in the vehicle population age relative to the recession that we went through because of the size of the vehicle population and also the age of the vehicle population, having so many cars that are older and beyond what was previously considered the sweet spot, and I guess, maybe still is today, that are still on the road with high mileages, I know I've said this probably too many times to different analysts, but there are cars being driven today at mileages that just have not been seen by us in the past because of the quality of the drivetrains and the bodies and the interiors and all these things that might have previously caused people to trade or scrap a car. Today, cars just have the ability to stay on the road a lot longer. So I just think our industry is in for a good run as we continue to benefit from these cars that have been built over the last 10, 15 years that are of incredibly high quality when it comes to drivetrains and bodies and interiors and so forth, and that the automotive aftermarket is in a good position as a result of that. And of course, we have to consider the vehicle population to some degree, but we don't pay a whole lot of attention to that part of it. And the way we look at it is there's a lot of market share out there to gain, and when we have our internal meetings here, we don't spend much time on vehicle population. We spend time on how much market share we have that we're not -- or how much market share we have that we can gain that our competitors are currently doing. And I think we have a lot of opportunity out there. Tom?
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Is the age of -- I'm sorry, Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: From a macro standpoint, for our industry looking into next year, we don't think that '08's low SAAR number is going to have a huge impact just because of the continuing age of vehicles that can stay on the road and size of the population. From a macro standpoint, we look forward for the next 18 months. The biggest driver is going to be the health of the consumer and what happens with miles driven and how much -- how many people go back to work and start committing to work and what that adds to the potential for parts failure. From an overall profitability standpoint, when we look at the top line, we have run the last couple of years without much inflation. We'd like to see not a lot of inflation but a little bit of inflation to help drive higher top line sales and more gross margin dollars to offset the increases in costs you see, but that's an item that could also have an impact on comps for the industry.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And is the age of vehicles that you're servicing, to the best that you can track, is there a change in any way that gives you more or less confidence in the outlook?
Gregory L. Henslee: It's hard to track, of course, because many parts fit -- different vehicles. So you have to track it based on the look of assuming that the part was always electronically and we do track that. But, yes, as the vehicle population gets older, yes, we're selling more parts for older vehicles for sure.
Thomas G. McFall: And I think you see that in the SKU count for ourselves and what you need to be competitive in this industry. The SKU count continues to rise because new vehicles are coming with new SKUs and old vehicles are staying in the fleet longer and you have to keep those SKUs on hand.
Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up, regarding inflation time, Tom, is there any early signs of cost creep from the supplier side that you can look down the road and maybe get some inflation?
Thomas G. McFall: Through the end of the year, our expectation is that not a SKU-by-SKU sale basis, we're not going to see inflation.
Operator: Our following question comes from Aram Rubinson from Wolfe Research. Our next question comes from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I also want to follow-up on the gross margin. When you think about that 10 to 30 basis point outlook over the longer term, what's the driver of that? How much of that is volume synergies versus leverage on distribution centers that you're putting in versus, I guess, company-specific pricing type strategies?
Thomas G. McFall: Those are the 3 buckets it comes from. It depends on the year. We're going to try to chip away on all fronts. We do have quite a few new -- newer distribution centers, and as the stores and those distribution centers reach higher volumes, we'd expect to see more efficiencies. We would expect to see some price optimization opportunities especially when retail start to move a little bit, which they haven't really moved much in quite some time. I think the third leg of that is acquisition costs and although we've gotten most of our benefit from that here recently, we continue to -- expect it to continue to find incremental gains.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So pretty balanced, it sounds like?
Thomas G. McFall: Yes.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just to clarify in the LIFO. As you have the LIFOs pressures later this year and early into next year, do we get that back? Or how does that play out?
Thomas G. McFall: I would think of it more of an absence of the headwind.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Absence.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes, when we look at it, and we've talked about it earlier, we take that hit all upfront. And then from the next part, we sell at the lower cost. On a going forward basis, we make a higher POS margin on that part. So sequentially, when we look at the quarters, that better pricing is factored into the gross margin.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. And then finally, can you just remind us on the compares last year? As you may recall, there's a heat snap in early July and the business start to pick up but then it moderated back down. How did -- your third quarter comparisons, how did they play out?
Gregory L. Henslee: Third quarter last year, July was the best month of the quarter.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Any degree or any qualitative comment as to how much?
Gregory L. Henslee: It wasn't a huge difference but it was -- July was definitely the better part of the quarter, and we ended the quarter with the softest month of the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liang Feng from Morningstar.
Liang Feng - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Looking more granularly into your commercial performance, could you discuss how your small business accounts are performing versus some of your larger accounts? And when you enter into a new market like Florida, which customer base do you start off with?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the national accounts we have, you would -- we would have existing relationships and existing pricing set up, so we'd be ready to do business with them. So we would start off with them pretty quickly. But our focus is typically on just the up and down the street shops that exist. And we typically open a store and do a market blitz to make sure that all the shops knew we're opening, kind of what we are about, what kind of services we provide, and we would set up accounts and so forth. So it's a mix of both, and it depends a lot on a particular market and who exists in those markets. Most shops are doing pretty well this year. The pickup in demand is a result of the weather. I think that shops across the board are doing pretty well. Some of the chains appear being [indiscernible] You never get all of a customer's business, so it's hard to know for sure how each one is doing in total. I saw Monro reported this morning, and I think their comps, they were hoping it would be a little higher than what they were. Some shops, especially the national chains that sell tires, and this may be the case with Monro, too, where tire deflation has caused some pressure on the top line, that may be a factor for them, too. But from a parts supply standpoint, I would consider them pretty equal, and I think most shops are doing pretty well.
Liang Feng - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So when you enter into a new market now that you have this national reach, do you have some of your larger account customers asking for you to come into Florida for instance? And you mentioned that the Florida business is picking up faster. Could that be contributing to it?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we put a lot of focus on having relationships and doing business with national accounts. Typically, we call on them rather than them asking us to be their supplier because really in the U.S., there are no underserved markets when it comes to auto parts these days. When you go into a new market, you have to go in and take the business from someone who's supplying them now. But -- so yes, we work hard to have relationships with national accounts. In Florida, we have some. I'm unaware of that being a major factor in our success down there. And I would say that probably at least as big, if not a bigger factor, is just our efforts up and down the street to develop relationships with shops, independently on shops, maybe small chains of shops and sell them parts and provide services to them.
Operator: We have now reached our allotted time for questions. Greg Henslee, I'll turn it over back to you.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Daniel. We would like to conclude our call today by, again, thanking the entire O'Reilly team. We've once again proven that committing ourselves to the O'Reilly culture values and taking great care of every customer are the keys to our record-breaking results. We continue to believe in the long-term demand drivers for our industry and are very proud of our second quarter results and accomplishments. And we are very confident in our ability to continue to successfully and profitably execute our proven growth model and to gain market share from coast-to-coast. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We hope to see many of you in our Analyst Day in August, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter 2014 results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff M. Shaw - Executive Vice-President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. Following the company's prepared comments, we will conduct a 30-minute question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. You may begin.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Christine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. I would like to begin our call today by congratulating Team O'Reilly on another record breaking quarter. Our team's relentless commitment to providing consistent, excellent customer service continues to drive our record-breaking results. I would like to take this opportunity to thank each of our team members for their hard work and dedication to our company's long-term success. Our sales results for the first quarter exceeded our expectations as we were able to capitalize on the strong demand generated from the harsh winter weather conditions in many of our markets. Our robust 6.3% comparable store sales increase was above the top end of our 4% to 6% guidance range, and is a testament to our team's commitment to providing unsurpassed levels of customer service. The 6.3% increase was on top of a 0.6% increase during the prior year. But I would like to remind everyone that on an even calendar basis, the first quarter of 2013 would have been 150 basis points higher after adjusting for the headwinds from the Easter calendar shift and the comparison to the extra Leap Day in 2012. We estimate that our first quarter of 2014 benefited approximately 20 basis points from the impact of the Easter shift back into the second quarter this year, which was inherent in our guidance. Total sales for the first quarter increased 9% to $1.7 billion, and we were especially proud of our team's ability to robustly grow our top line while also increasing our operating margin by 78 basis points to a first quarter record of 16.6% of sales. Our team's commitment to consistent, excellent customer service delivered EPS growth of 18.4% for the quarter, which represents our 21st consecutive quarter of adjusted earnings per share growth of 15% or greater. As one might expect, during the first quarter, the harsh winter weather conditions drove sales in our cold weather-related categories such as batteries, rotating electrical, heating and cooling and wiper blades. Vehicles driven on damaged roads during the quarter also benefited under car repairs and boosted sales in categories such as ride control, chassis parts and driveline. We believe that potholes on the roads and other wear and tear caused by the harsh winter weather will result in higher levels of parts failures in the coming months. Looking back on each of the months during the quarter, business remained relatively consistent throughout the period, although the coming of spring has been sporadic throughout our markets and did lead to some fluctuations on a weekly basis. With the overall mix of business benefiting from the extreme winter weather, our cold weather markets performed better than our Southern and Western markets. Our comparable store sales increase was driven equally by both our professional and DIY business. Our professional business continues to grow across all our markets, with our less mature Eastern and Western markets showing the strongest results. Extreme weather was also a catalyst for growth in our DIY business as our customers were forced to brave the cold to perform these repairs to keep their vehicles on the road. Ticket and traffic contributed equally to comparable store sales growth during the quarter. Average ticket increased in both the professional and DIY businesses, with inflation contributing very little to the growth of our comparable store sales. As we've seen over the last several years, average ticket growth was driven by mix as more of our sales continue to come in higher-priced hard part categories. In addition, the increasing complexity of vehicles and improvements in the quality of component parts continues to drive up the cost of vehicle repair while stretching repair intervals. We expect this trend will continue and will be a driver to long-term average ticket growth. Transactions in the professional business were, again, positive for the quarter, and we were very pleased with the growth we saw on the DIY side, where transactions were also positive for the quarter. As we look ahead to the second quarter, we are establishing our comparable store sales guidance at a range of 2% to 4%. The midpoint of this range represents a second quarter 2-year stack of 9.5%, which is a modest acceleration from the first quarter 2-year stack of 8.2%, adjusted for the Leap Year comparison from 2012 and the timing of Easter, and is in line with our fourth quarter 2013 2-year stack of 9.6%. We expect to see a continued benefit during the second quarter from the residual effects of the very harsh winter, and believe categories such as steering, suspension and ride control will be a tailwind to spring business. Although reported miles driven through February were down 1%, we believe this was the result of the extreme weather. And we expect miles driven to moderately increase during the year as unemployment continues to abate, contributing to increased commuter miles. Having said that, we have seen gas prices on the rise. The year-over-year gas price is up 4%, and year-to-date gas price is up over 11%. Consumers continue to be under significant economic pressure, and we believe this pressure will continue throughout 2014. Based on our first quarter results and our expectation of continued solid demand in our industry, we are reiterating our full year comparable store sales guidance of a range of 3% to 5%. For the first quarter, our gross margin improved to 50.8%, which is a 41-basis-point improvement over the first quarter of 2013. These strong results exceeded our expectations and were the result of a weather-driven mix benefit. As we discussed on prior calls, our gross margin results for the fourth quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of '14 faced significant headwinds from LIFO accounting. And Tom will provide more details on this impact in a few minutes. However, I will say that these headwinds have largely abated, and we expect a higher quarterly gross margin for the remainder of the year, and as such, we are reiterating our full year gross margin guidance range of 50.9% to 51.4%. This guidance is predicated on expected continued limited inflation and rational industry pricing. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would once again like to thank our more than 64,000 dedicated team members for the strong start to 2014. Through your hard work and relentless focus on providing consistent, outstanding customer service, we continue to both gain market share and profitably grow our business. We are very pleased with our record first quarter operating margin of 16.6% and our 18.4% increase in first quarter EPS to $1.61. We remain very confident in the long-term drivers for demand for our industry, including an increasing rate of new vehicle sales and stable scrappage rates, resulting in both a growing vehicle population, as well as an aging vehicle population. Most importantly, we're extremely confident in our team's ability to consistently execute our proven dual market strategy and gain market share. Based on these factors and our strong first quarter results, we are increasing our full year EPS guidance to a range of $6.82 to $6.92. This range includes share repurchases through yesterday, but excludes any potential additional share repurchases. I would, again, like to thank Team O'Reilly for our very strong start to 2014. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Shaw.
Jeff M. Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I too would like to begin today by thanking Team O'Reilly for our outstanding first quarter results. As I've said many times in the past, consistent, top-notch customer service is the key to our long-term success. And our team members have once again proven that dedication to helping every customer who calls or walks in our stores yields strong top line results, as well as profitable growth. Our team's high level of dedication was more apparent than ever this past quarter as our Team Members battled the elements to keep our stores open and take care of our customers. As Greg mentioned earlier, the extreme winter weather we experienced drove very strong demand for our products. But without our Team Members' efforts to keep our stores open and being there for our customers, we wouldn't have been able to capitalize on this strong demand. To put it in perspective, the winter conditions forced us to close 247 stores for some portion of a day during the quarter. This only represents an insignificant 0.1% of our store days for the quarter. What isn't insignificant is the lasting goodwill earned from customers when you're the only parts store in town open to take care of their needs. The harsh weather also forced 2 of our DCs to cancel some nightly deliveries. But because of the robust tier distribution network we built over the years and the hard work and dedication of our DC teams, we were able to provide all of our stores with the access to the inventory needed to take care of our customers. I can't say enough about how proud we are of the way our team pulled together to overcome adversity and satisfy our customers' needs. As much as I'd like to continue to boast about our Team Members, I guess I should move on and provide some color on our operational results. Taking a look at SG&A as a percentage of sales for the quarter, we levered 37 basis points due to our very strong comp performance. However, average SG&A per store increased 3.2% for the quarter, which was higher than we expected. The harsh winter weather negatively impacted our SG&A spend on many line items during the quarter, including expenses for snow plowing, additional supplies, higher utilities and increased payroll. The higher than planned payroll was a result of increased commissions on our strong sales performance, as well as additional hours needed to deal with the extreme weather conditions. While our average per store SG&A was higher than we planned, we're happy with our ability to continue to control expenses doing a period of very high demand. We feel we have our store staffed at the appropriate levels to control costs, while also, and most importantly, staffed to provide consistent, unsurpassed levels of customer service. And so for the year, we continue to expect average SG&A per store to increase by approximately 1% and 1.5%. And now, I'd like to take a few minutes to update you on the progress of our distribution network expansion. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, our newest distribution center opened in Lakeland, Florida in early January has ramped up extremely well and is now providing nightly inventory replenishment to 76 stores. As it is with all new greenfield DCs, it will take time for Lakeland to build the critical mass of stores necessary to operate at maximum efficiency. Having said that, we're very pleased with the Florida DC team's productivity, and we're excited about the enhanced service levels we can now offer customers in our growing base of Florida stores. It's been a cold and snowy winter in Massachusetts and Illinois, but our 2 additional DC expansion projects are also progressing nicely. Our new facility in Naperville, Illinois, just west of Chicago, is slated to begin servicing stores in the fall; and our new facility in Devens, Massachusetts, just west of Boston, will open and begin servicing stores in the fourth quarter of this year. As a reminder, the Naperville DC is a greenfield facility and is needed to better penetrate the large and competitive Chicagoland market, which is currently serviced out of our Indianapolis DC. When our DC opens in Devens, we will relocate all the operations from our existing DC in Lewiston, Maine to this new facility. The larger state-of-the-art DC in Devens will give us the capacity needed to begin expanding our store base and growing our market share in the upper northeast beginning in 2015. Our DC teams have a long and proven track record of successfully executing multiple DC projects at the same time. And with the dedication and support of our experienced and knowledgeable DC operations Team Members, our 2014 DC expansion is moving along as planned. Now, I'd like to spend some time talking about our store expansion during the quarter and our plans for the remainder of the year. In the first quarter, we opened 50 net new stores, which was just shy of our planned openings for the period. Not surprisingly, the harsh winter weather disrupted construction on many of our store projects and played the main role in the delay of some openings. The good news is that most of our markets have broken out of the grip of winter and we've been able to get most of our projects moving forward again. We expect to be close to our planned store openings by the end of the second quarter, and we continue to be confident in our ability and original plan to open 200 net new stores for the year. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, we will open stores all across the country this year. And in fact, during the first quarter, we opened stores in 23 different states. Our coast-to-coast footprint allows us to be very selective in new stores site selection, and more importantly, allows us to develop and train great teams of professional parts people who are ready to provide top-notch customer service from day 1. This diverse growth profile, which allows us to leverage our entire market area for new store development, is vital to the success of our new store openings. And we continue to be very pleased with the performance of our store openings over the past several years. Before I finish up today, I'd like to once again thank our store and distribution teams for providing consistent, top-notch service to all of our customers each and every day. Your hard work and dedication continue to drive our profitable record-breaking results. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd like to start today by thanking Team O'Reilly for a continued dedication to providing excellent customer service. Your hard work generated outstanding results in the first quarter and heads us off to a strong start for 2014. Now, we'll take a closer look at our results and provide updates to our guidance. Comparable store sales for the first quarter increased 6.3%, which exceeded our guidance of 4% to 6%, and was driven by our continued solid business trends and the harsh winter weather, as Greg discussed earlier. For the quarter, sales increased $143 million, comprised of a $99 million increase in comp store sales, a $46 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $1 million decrease in non-comp, non-store sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. This strong sales performance, combined with our relentless focus on expense control, resulted in 18% increase in diluted earnings per share to $1.61, which exceeded the top end of our first quarter guidance range by $0.04. I'd like to spend a little bit of time now providing some detail on the LIFO impact in the first quarter. As we discussed on our last 2 calls, our success at reducing our acquisition cost over time has exhausted our LIFO reserve, with the result that additional cost decreases create onetime, noncash headwinds to our gross margin as we adjust our existing inventory on hand to the lower cost. We experienced a headwind of $23 million related to this item in the first quarter, which is higher than our expectations from our fourth quarter call due to better than planned cost decreases. However, this higher than expected LIFO headwind was offset by a mix benefit, resulting in a gross margin of 50.8%, which was within our range of expectations. We do not expect meaningful LIFO headwinds for the remainder of 2014. However, unforeseen significant acquisition cost decreases could occur and may create additional gross margin headwinds during the year. Moving to the balance sheet, inventory per store at the end of the first quarter was $569,000 versus the prior year of $568,000, which was in line with our expectations for the first quarter. We continue to expect inventory per store to be flat for the full year as our teams diligently add the right inventory, leverage our existing investment and minimize nonproductive inventory. At the end of the first quarter, our AP to inventory shows 90%, representing a sequential improvement of 3% from the end of 2013. This improvement was a result of our better-than-expected first quarter sales and the resulting higher churn of inventory. Since we believe most of the first quarter improvement is related to this timing benefit, we're maintaining our AP to inventory target of approximately 90% for the end of 2014. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $83 million, and we still expect our full year CapEx to be within the range of $390 million to $420 million. This leads us to free cash flow for the quarter, which was $262 million. We're revising our full year guidance for free cash flow of $580 million to $620 million, reflecting an increase at the bottom end of our range from $570 million as a result of the strong operating income results in the first quarter. Moving on to debt, we finished the first quarter with an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.86x. We continue to believe our targeted leverage range of 2 to 2.25x reflects our optimal capital structure, and we'll move into this range when the timing is appropriate. We also continue to execute our share repurchase program. And year-to-date, we repurchased 0.4 million shares of our stock at an average cost of $145.94 per share, for a total investment of $56 million. We continue to view our buyback program as an effective means of returning available cash to our shareholders after we take advantage of the opportunities to invest in our business at a higher rate of return. And we'll prudently execute our buyback program with an emphasis on maximizing long-term returns for our shareholders. For the second quarter, we're establishing diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.79 to $1.83. Based on our above plan results in the first quarter and additional shares repurchased since our last call, for the full year, we're raising our guidance from $6.74 to $6.84 per share to a range of $6.82 to $6.92 per share. As a reminder, our diluted earnings per share guidance for both the second quarter and full year take into account the shares repurchased through yesterday, but do not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. Finally, I'd once again like to thank the entire O'Reilly Team for their continued dedication to the company's success. Congratulations on a great start to 2014. This concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, I'd like to ask Christine, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question on the gross margin. Given Tom's commentary on the LIFO impact, it looks like gross margin was increased by about 170 basis points year-over-year. And I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, how much of that is just from the lower procurement costs that we've been discussing, and then how much of that was from mix? In other words, kind of what's sustainable and what might be more temporary just because of mix impact?
Gregory L. Henslee: Tom, you want to take that?
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. I think if you look at our guidance for the remainder of the year, you can calculate what we think the run rate is. The bigger piece was obviously, LIFO, but we did see a benefit from the winter mix of products that we sold.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: To be fair, you guys tend be a little be conservative in your gross margin outlook. So, I guess, again, just looking at the increase that we saw, would you call a kind of a 50/50 split between mix and kind of procurement cost?
Thomas G. McFall: I think if you push the math, you'll find that it's a bigger procurement, and mix is more an offset to the higher than expected LIFO number. But we're comfortable with our guidance for the remainder of the year, and gross margin is an item that is influenced by a lot of external factors. So we think that the -- given the current business situation, the margin range we've given is appropriate.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: My first question relates to the buyback. Totally hear you on the leverage target and on the long-term goals. This quarter did mark a bit of a change in cadence from the time that you had started the buyback in earnest. I just want to understand the factors that influenced the timing of buybacks, and whether this quarter represents any sort of directional change in terms of the velocity with which you expect to be in the market.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well it certainly doesn't indicate any directional change. As Tom said in his prepared comments, we're -- we first look for opportunities to invest in our business and then we're -- from a long-term perspective, going to continue to buy back shares as is appropriate, but nothing has changed. And, Tom, I don't know if you have any additional comments on that.
Thomas G. McFall: I definitely agree with that comment from a long-term perspective. On the short-term basis, we have a very short open window because of the year-end close time to adjust our grids. And I think that, that's also a factor in the amount of shares that we bought this quarter.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up. For the past several quarters, I think the industry has been battling fading inflation, to put it mildly, if not, perhaps, a little bit of deflation. At least one of your competitors talked about some stabilization in terms of material drivers of pricing. Just curious, as you think forward over the next year or 2 and contrast it with the environment that you've had for the past few quarters, do you see any change in direction there?
Gregory L. Henslee: I would say that as an industry is -- raw materials continue to increase in price, at least some of them, oils and resins and things like that, that we will start to see more of an inflationary cycle again. But right now, we're not seeing much of that, but we would expect to some in the future. Tom, I don't know if you have any addition?
Thomas G. McFall: Our guidance is -- for the remainder of the year is based on continuing to see below historical average rates and inflation.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Wewer of Raymond James.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Greg, I have one long-term question, one short-term question. First, long-term, gross margin rate for O'Reilly is up 900 basis points over the last decade. And your competitors have achieved similar improvements. If you were to go back and read the company's forecast, say, from a few years ago, you were indicating minimal margin improvements ahead due to the growing sales contribution from commercial. And now, in hindsight, that, clearly, was extremely conservative. What do you think that we've got wrong on this margin expansion thing? Why is it so much more robust than what we were expecting a couple of years ago? Is it procurement cost that Tom was alluding to a second ago or?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think it's the combination of 2 things. I think it's procurement cost. I think it's the fact that as our company has grown and some of our larger competitors have grown, we've been able to take more advantage of some of the import products that we can bring across the sea in large containers and take advantage of supply-chain efficiencies, which help improve our gross margin. It's also just rational pricing in the marketplace. I think that most of the players in the industry realize that our business is a service business and that it's hard to win repeat customers, especially on the professional side of the business, with price that is a result of great service. So I think that as an industry, we've been very rationally priced. And I think that's been maybe a little bit more of a tailwind than we would've foreseen a few years ago.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: When you think out the next 3 years, would you expect margin to continue increasing, knowing that your commercial mix is going to further increase?
Gregory L. Henslee: I would certainly not expect the kind of increases we've had over the past few years. We've got a great team of people here that work every day on making sure that we're priced competitive on the street, and making sure we do all we can to maximize our gross margin, maintain our customer service levels. But I think we've gotten to a point where there's just not much -- there's really no low-hanging fruit left, and we're working to maintain and incrementally grow our gross margin at a slow rate. But I certainly would not expect the kind of improvements that we've seen over the past few years.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, well, you -- I think you all said the same thing in 2011. My other question more short-term, you talked about the weather benefits, and you talked about the -- this continuing through the second quarter as the under car damage begins to benefit sales. Does this exhaust itself at the end of the second quarter or are you thinking that the deferred maintenance and repairs over the last 2 years has built up so much that this is going to spark good sales during the second half of the year as well?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think part of this depends on the condition of our customers economically. A lot of the things that are damaged in harsh weather like we had in the winter are failures that you have to fix immediately. If your battery is shot or you starter alternator doesn't work, if you want to drive your car, you've got to fix it right away. If your axle shaft CD joint starts making noise because it's been through some abuse, so maybe the boot got torn and it's leaked grease out of it, you can drive it making noise for quite some period of time. And so I would say that some people, if they're in good shape economically, will get their car fixed as soon as they start hearing the racket. Other customers will drive it through the summer, maybe even in the winter, before -- and then not fix it until it actually has to be fixed. So these harsh conditions are generally good for our industry, both short-term and longer-term. And when I say harsh conditions, I mean, weather extremes in the winter and weather extremes in the summer. What would be ideal for us is on the tail of this really harsh winter, is to have a blistering hot summer, driving cooling system and air conditioning and all the other type failures you can have, in addition to more battery business. And the battery business has been good, I think, for the whole industry, this winter. And your batteries get really damaged in the extreme heat. And many times, you see the failure in the winter. So a real hot summer this summer would be helpful for that also.
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Balter of Crdit Suisse.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple questions. California's been more in a drought, like they're almost the opposite of what's going on in the other markets. Right now, has that had an impact? Is that one of your weaker markets at the current time?
Gregory L. Henslee: It -- to some degree it is Gary. The categories like wiper blades and stuff like that in California have not been as strong as they have been, especially on the DIY side out there, our DIY business out there. Because a lot of the kind of things that you sell to the DIY customers are things like wiper blades and stuff like that, that are directly heat-related. I mean, it has been a little bit of a drag on our business in the West Coast.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So how much -- could you -- do you want to quantify the drag or...
Gregory L. Henslee: I'd rather not if that's okay.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just thought I'd ask.
Gregory L. Henslee: We try to stay away from as much regional information as we can just from a competitive standpoint.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, my second question is also regional. You mentioned Florida and your expansion already in the distribution center. What's the size -- like what's the potential in that market? How many stores are you looking at?
Gregory L. Henslee: It's yet to be determined, but we could potentially have somewhere in the area of 300 stores in Florida. So far, our new store startups in Florida have done incredibly well. And we're very encouraged by our performance down there. And if you asked us 2 years ago, how we thought we would start in Florida, we would've undershot how we've actually performed. So I think we're a little -- we're more optimistic now than ever about our ability to be successful in Florida.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And you haven't -- where are you down to in Florida?
Gregory L. Henslee: We're down south of Tampa now. Our DC is in Lakeland. They're between Tampa and Orlando, and we're south of Tampa now.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then you're working your way all the way down to like Miami and the Keys?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, we're looking at properties now in the northern -- north side of Miami. We're not down in Miami, but we're looking at properties at the north side of Miami.
Operator: Our next question is from Alan Rifkin of Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, the DC openings slated for all of 2014, the 3 of them, really marked the most concentrated efforts since the very early days after the CSK acquisition when you were opening up DCs to support those 1,300 stores back then. Would it be reasonable to expect that the drag on margins from these 3 DCs would be similar in duration as to what we saw back in the early days following CSK?
Gregory L. Henslee: There are some differences. When we opened the CSK DCs, we had a lot of underperforming stores that we immediately kind of rolled into those distribution centers. In this case, we have a -- we opened a DC that took stores from a distribution center that was way over its max to generate the best efficiency it can generate there in Atlanta. Our Chicago DC is kind of the same thing. We'll put several stores on it as quick as we can once it opens to relieve some of the stores that we have overcapacity state there in Indianapolis and in Minneapolis. And then in Devens, of course, it's to fund our expansion in the Northeast. And the 56 stores that we bought as part of VIP will immediately start being serviced by that DC due to closure of our Lewiston DC. So it's similar, but it's different some ways. Our distribution team does a fantastic job of ramping our -- the cost that we can control through payroll and productivity, up to match the number of stores that we service. So we would not expect a noticeable hit to our gross margin as a result of these openings. And Tom wants to add something to that.
Thomas G. McFall: Two items I would add to that. When we look at the CSK transition, those stores were going from the 1 night a week delivery to 5. These stores are already on 5 night a week delivery, so we have a freight savings because of proximity. And the other item that I would add is, from a proportion basis, this is 3 into a bigger portion. So the impact will be less dilutive. So we are expecting a real meaningful impact on our gross margin.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And one follow-up, if I may. Greg, the number of categories that you mentioned that should benefit going forward from the harsh winter, that of the undercarriage, the chassis and the steering suspension, things like, collectively, approximately, what percent of your revenues do those categories represent?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it depends on what you, of course, include and the things that would be affected. There are a lot of things affected by harsh weather, including electrical units, starters and alternators, batteries, driveline, ride controls, steering, suspension, all that. Those are the kind of the core part of our car parts business absent the things that would be in place to service drive ability issues like emission, ignition, fuel, things like that. So I really don't have a percentage. It would be -- it's -- at least, if you include brakes, it would be more than half of our hard parts categories for sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If I recall last year, I think April, really starting to rebound for the industry, with categories like brakes starting to come back. Industry-wide, obviously, you guys are doing a lot better. So it seemed like the comp stacks that you were referring to are actually accelerating here in April on average. So just curious how your brake business is doing as we start to lap the step-up. And is it a fair comment to say that the stacks have accelerated in April? And is the outlook more prudent or is there something else that's providing you with caution?
Gregory L. Henslee: The way we stack in our comparison from the quarter we're in to 2013 is that April would be a slightly stronger comparison than June. We kind of -- business last year in the second quarter kind of ramped down a little bit. Yes, brakes are doing good. This time of year, brakes generally do well from a comparison standpoint. We're happy with our brake performance as it exists today. How we do through the rest of the quarter is yet to be seen, but we would expect our brake business to be good through the second quarter.
Thomas G. McFall: Chris, this is Tom. What I would remind everyone is that when we talk about the strength of our business, we look at a dollar performance per week. And we look at those dollars and do the math to see what comp they generate. So we've given the 2% to 4% guidance because we have tough comparisons, and with that said, we're still performing, on a total dollar basis, strong as we have been. But that flushes out our comp range.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So you're saying that if you sort of -- whatever you're doing on a per weekly basis, year-to-year, and you project that out, that would put you into a 2% to 4% for the quarter?
Thomas G. McFall: Would put us into the range that we've given, yes.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's in spite of the comparisons being a little easier in May and June?
Gregory L. Henslee: Like Tom said, we do kind of a -- we do a plan, a weekly plan for the whole year. And our weekly plan, based on the comparisons that we have for the second quarter, would yield what we think would be somewhere in the area of a 2% to 4% comp for the second quarter. Now what's unknown about this is the real affect that the harsh winter we had will have during the second quarter. It's hard to know. There are a lot of factors, it's the harshest winter we've had in a long time. Gas prices are up a little bit. Employment's -- unemployment's improving a little bit. So it's yet to be seen, but we feel good about the business yet. We felt it would be imprudent for us to make our 2-year stack acceleration greater than we did with the guidance we gave at 2% to 4%.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Totally understand. And then longer-term, Greg, the great debate out here is average age or, I think more importantly, the SAAR cliff as you look to '15 and lapping that '09 class of 10 million vehicles sold in the trough of the cycle. So just curious if -- give you the opportunity to talk about how you think about facing that SAAR cliff and the cars going into that 6-year-old class versus cars exiting that 10- to 11-year-old class, which is the sort of end of the proverbial historical peak repair years.
Gregory L. Henslee: Sure. Well, I mean I've read a lot of the information that many of the analysts have written about this, and we do a lot of analysis inside our industry also. Some of our suppliers and so forth do a lot of work on this. There's no question that the data is what it is relative to the 6- to 12-year-old vehicles, the total count of those vehicles decreasing in the coming years as a result of the lower car sales back in '10 and during the recession and so forth. The unknown factor and kind of the comments that I've made in the past have been that we feel like that the way cars have been built for many years now, even back into the '90s, but for sure, in the 2000, that they're just going to stay on the road longer. They've -- and they're more drivable at higher mileages. I had lunch with one of our good customers yesterday, and we were talking about this very subject. And he works on cars every day. And he knows nothing about vehicle population and the SAAR cliff and all those kind of stuff, he's just out there trying to make sure he keeps all of his techs busy and drives his business every day. And he made the comment, he said, it's amazing how many miles cars have on them today and people are still willing to invest big money in keeping them on the road because the engines and transmissions and interiors and the bodies and all those things still are in good condition. At 200,000-plus like -- it sounds crazy to say this, but there are cars being driven that look pretty darn good going down the road to have over 300,000 miles on. And the engine's transmissions are still functioning properly. So I think that those that feel that this SAAR cliff is going to hurt demand significantly are discounting the fact that these vehicles that are past 12 years old are still on the road and still being maintained. And unless we see a decrease in the vehicle population in general, which would not be expected, that this is going to have a minimal impact on our industry.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lasser of UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: As you look out over the intermediate term, Greg, what are the chances that all of these harsh conditions in this cold weather has simply pulled forward demand where the vehicle population has seen upgrade to some of its hard parts, all of the parts that you mentioned, and now, there won't be a need to replace some of those items for a period of time?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean, Michael, there's always -- when a, let's say, a steering part, a tie rod end, or a control arm or anyhow you got centerlink or a suspension part like a control arm or a ball joint or something like that, that fails because of potholes and bad weather, it was going to fail at some point. It was a matter of time. Some of the things that happen relative to subzero temperatures that drives belt failure, stuff like that, that belt may last a long time being driven in a perfect temperature for its whole life, but extremes drive demand. But in some cases, it creates demand earlier than the car typically would've failed. Sometimes it's just demand that was going to happen at that point in time anyway. So it's really hard to speculate on that, Michael. We -- I feel like we, as an industry, we started talking about weather a lot the last couple of years when for most of my career, we just didn't talk about weather. I remember back when Dave was the CEO, we never talked about weather. And he kind of made it his policy that the weather's the weather and we really can't do much about it so we're going to just sell as many parts as we can. And really, that's kind of what we do today. Our operations guys, they don't look at weather forecast to staff stores unless it's a major storm that shuts everything down and stuff like that. So demand for auto parts is really driven by miles driven, specifically in cars that are out of warranty. And sure, you can pull demand a little bit forward in real harsh conditions but it eventually comes around.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. My second question is on the AP to inventory ratio. There's precedent in the industry that showed that it can go north of 100% impact, in fact it can go north of 110%. Are there any structural factors that are unique to O'Reilly that would prevent it from reaching the level -- the best-in-class level of the peer group?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. That factor is that we carry several lines of products that are products preferred by the professional customers. And that mix of business is not going to allow us to get to where some of our competitors are simply because these -- the vendors that carry these products are less likely to give us the terms that we would ideally want without offering them to everyone in the industry, more the traditional side of the aftermarket, to which they're -- to whom they're not offering these terms. And for that reason, we're going to be a little more limited than what some of our more retail-based competitors are.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And have you been surprised at how good the terms you've gotten already have been?
Gregory L. Henslee: No, we fully expected what we got. And so we're happy with where we've gotten to, but, no, I -- and we're not -- I mean, we're not surprised, we worked hard to get it. We know exactly how it happened. And our factoring program, being what it is, has helped our vendors be in a position to where they couldn't give us the terms that they've given us. But we're getting to a point that it's going to be hard to grow it a lot past where we're at today.
Thomas G. McFall: Mike, this is Tom. I think the one thing that has surprised us is since January of 2011, we went to an unsecured structure and could offer this vendor financing program, the rate at which we got to a number that we thought we could get to has been a little surprising. The total isn't surprising, we just thought it would take longer.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Hofkin of William Blair & Company.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: The -- I just wanted to, at the risk of beating the guidance topic to death, just to maybe finish encapsulating it. Is it fair to say that you guys basically set your guidance, in this case, really before the winter weather was in effect, including for the second quarter? And so while maybe you did see some weather benefit thus far in the quarter, your guidance for the remainder of the quarter does not explicitly incorporate an ongoing weather benefit? And so if you saw that, it could theoretically be additive?
Gregory L. Henslee: We talked about this last week and decided for sure what our guidance was going to be. So it wasn't something that was preplanned as part of our 2014 planning. Our -- if you take Easter out of the equation, because Easter leveled out with Easter being in the first quarter in 2013 and being in the second quarter of 2014, and you just look at the adjustment for Leap Day, which you have to make, our first quarter 2-year stack is 8.2% and the midpoint of our guidance for the second quarter, our 2-year stack is 9.5%. So we feel like that's reasonable guidance. What happens in the next 2 months as we work to the second quarter is yet to be seen. We have every reason to think that business will continue to be good, but we have tough compares. So we'll see. But yes, to answer your question specifically, this was not guidance that was planned early or before the end of last year, it's guidance that we talked about recently.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. So there's some assumption implicit in there perhaps about weather. It's not -- it wasn't set 6 months ago, it's kind of recently updated?
Gregory L. Henslee: We talked about it last week.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. The other question, I guess, just back to kind of the relatively more balanced performance between professional and DIY in the last several quarters. How much more opportunity do you think there is to sort of up your game as it seems like you have on the DIY side of the business through whether it's more parts availability in the store, higher in-stocks, some of the customer service and POS initiatives? How much more room is there to go on that?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think there's always a lot of opportunity there. The DIY business is a -- they come in our store because we have professional parts people in our store, we have great inventory and we give great service. And some of the things that we do today that we didn't do 2 or 3 years ago or 4 years ago relative to helping customers with diagnostics when their check engine light's on, install wiper blades or battery or things like that, are things that they kind of ramp, word gets around. We're not big advertisers of those kinds of things just with respect to our professional customers. So these are things that build over time. Word-of-mouth helps drive DIY customers into our stores for those types of services. So we would expect to continue to see benefit from great customer service for a long time to come because we consider all these things just kind of rolled up into the level of service that we try to offer and make sure that the level of service we offer exceeds that of most of our competitors. So we would expect to continue to see benefit from the things that we do for some period of time. And every -- there's not a month that goes by that we don't consider things we can do to improve that through our point-of-sale system, our electronic catalog; things we're doing with our website, mobile e-commerce; things that we feel like will help tie our customers more directly to us, our rewards program, which now has 5.5 million customers enrolled, and just all those things.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Baker of Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask you about the West Coast stores. Can you give us some senses as where those former CSK stores are in terms of their mix DIY versus DIFM, and where they ultimately can get to? And then if you could put that together, total company, what's the percent of DIFM now versus DIY?
Gregory L. Henslee: We're looking here, just a second. Do you have the numbers, Tom?
Thomas G. McFall: We're -- end CFK we're about 35% professional business. Total company is around 46%. As we talked about in the past, new stores bring on the DIY business faster than the do-it-for-me.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So that 35% at CSK, I mean, I think you said in the past that, that probably won't get to the 50/50 that the legacy O'Reilly stores did. Is that still the right way to think about it? And ultimately, where can it get to? Is 40-60 the right kind of range or could be higher than that?
Thomas G. McFall: Let me go back for a second to correct one number. Consolidated professional is 42%.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And so what can CFK ultimately get to?
Gregory L. Henslee: I'll turn that one over to...
Thomas G. McFall: I'm sorry, what was the -- we were -- I was looking through the numbers here.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So CSK at 35% commercial. I think you said in the past that it likely won't get to the 50/50 that legacy O'Reilly stores were, or at least that's what you said when you made the acquisition. But I'm wondering if that's changed or the thought process there. Really, the simple question is, what can the percent of DIFM ultimately get to in the CSK stores?
Gregory L. Henslee: We can get it to above the -- about to the range the whole company is right now, I think, is about where you would get to with those CSK stores, the 42% commercial, somewhere in that area. And that's strictly an estimate based on our knowledge of the stores that we have that are in more retail areas that don't have a lot of professional business around them. I think because of that, we'll have a hard time getting to the position that the core O'Reillys or the historical O'Reilly stores are or were prior to buying CSK. But that changes over time as we -- leases come due and we make relocations and things like that. But based on the state of our locations today, I would say somewhere in that 40% or low 40% range would be our commercial penetration out there.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And did some of the consolidation in the space impact that at all?
Gregory L. Henslee: It can. As acquisitions happen, that could certainly have some impact. Probably the bigger impact will be just the decisions we make as far as potential relocations of stores that might be in locations that are not conducive to the professional business as leases come due.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Christine. We would like to conclude our call today by, again, thanking our -- the entire O'Reilly Team. And you've, once again, proven that hard work and excellent customer service are the keys to our long-term profitable growth. We're very proud of our excellent start to 2014, and we're very confident in our ability to build upon our first quarter accomplishments and continue to gain share across all our markets. I would like to thank, everyone, for joining our call today, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter 2014 results in July. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff M. Shaw - Executive Vice-President of Store Operations and Sales Ted F. Wise - Executive Vice-President of Expansion
Analysts: Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the OReilly Automotive, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Hilda, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] . I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Hilda. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President in the Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Ted Wise, our Executive Vice President of Expansion are also present. It's my pleasure to report another quarter of industry-leading comparable store sales results, and once again congratulate Team O'Reilly on an outstanding performance, as we finish up a solid 2013 with a very strong fourth quarter. Our team's relentless focused on serving our customers and their proven ability to provide superior value and service drove our fourth quarter comparable store sales increase of 5.4%. These strong results were on top of last year's fourth quarter comparable store sales increase of 4.2%, and exceeded our guidance of 3% to 5%. For the full year of 2013, our team delivered a solid 4.3% increase in comparable store sales, which was higher than the midpoint of our guidance of 3% to 5%. This was the same guidance range we said at the beginning of 2013 and maintained throughout the year, and it says a great deal about the consistent performance Team O'Reilly is able to deliver. Driven by the solid comparable store sales performance, combined with the strong opening of 190 new stores, total sales in 2013 increased 7.6% to $6.6 billion. We are extremely focused on growing sales profitably, and we are especially proud of our team's ability to deliver robust top-line growth, while also improving our operating profit by 79 basis points to a record 16.6% for the year. Our team's long-term commitment to providing consistent, excellent customer service fueled EPS growth of 23% for the fourth quarter, which represents the 20th consecutive quarter we have grown adjusted earnings per share in excess of 15%. EPS for the full year grew 27% to $6.03, the fifth straight year Team O'Reilly has delivered year-over-year adjusted earnings per share growth, exceeding 25%. This remarkable track record of high earnings growth over such a long period of time is a testament to the effectiveness of our dual market strategy and the unwavering commitment of Team O'Reilly to providing the best customer service in the automotive aftermarket. Coming into the fourth quarter, we established our comparable store sales guidance range of 3% to 5% in anticipation of the continuation of a solid business trend we have seen throughout the summer. And we were pleased to deliver comparable store sales growth above that range at 5.4% as a result of the strength of the business across the chain, augmented by the early and extreme cold weather in the center of the country. As many of you know, extreme cold weather contributes to higher rates of parts failures in certain categories and generates demand in our business, and the weather patterns we saw across much of the country strengthened our performance as we progressed throughout the quarter. The inclement weather had a more positive impact on our DIY sales performance versus the professional service provider side of our business, as the cold wintery weather across the Central U.S. drove robust DIY traffic on categories such as batteries, antifreeze and wiper blades. However, our West Coast stores actually experienced tougher year-over-year weather comparisons due to the impact of an abnormally dry 2013 condition on wiper sales and other categories. In total, the beneficial weather-related drivers helped swing our DIY traffic counts back to positive growth for the fourth quarter. While we are certainly pleased with our team's ability to capitalize on the additional weather-related volume in the fourth quarter, the most significant driver of our solid comparable store sales continues to be the very strong performance in the hard parts categories on the professional side of our business. We continue to grow our market share of the professional business with solid ticket count growth across the chain, coupled with a very robust build-out of professional business in our less mature professional markets, particularly in the western part of the country. As we have seen for some time now, increases in average ticket has been a consistent contributor to our comparable store sales increase. We again saw an increase in average ticket in the fourth quarter, driven by continued parts complexity, resulting from the better engineering of vehicles, which increases average vehicle life and also requires more costly parts to repair, as well as a mix benefit as we capture professional customer market share and grow sales in hard parts categories, which carry a higher average ticket. Inflation in the fourth quarter had no significant impact on our average ticket growth. Moving on to the details of macroeconomic conditions in the fourth quarter, our comp performance benefited from stable, lower gas prices and improved miles driven. Gas prices fell sequentially from an average around $3.50 per gallon in the third quarter to $3.25 in the fourth quarter and have stabilized in this area. Lower gas prices put more money in our customers' pockets, and the stable level of prices without significant upward spikes give consumers more confidence, and positively influence demand. Miles driven for October and November, the most recent quarters for which the data is available to us, increased approximately 1.1%, and this increase results in more wear and tear on vehicles. For the full year, through November, total miles driven has increased 60 basis points, and we would expect this steady, positive trend to continue in the future. As we look forward to 2014, we expect to see our solid business trends continue, and we are establishing a comparable store sales guidance range of 3% to 5%. Inherent in our guidance range is an expectation we will see modest incremental improvements in employment, which will drive another steady increase in miles driven, and modest growth in the total vehicle population. As it relates to the total vehicle population, while the projection is for the seasonally adjusted annual rate of new car sales to be stronger, we also expect scrap rates to remain low based on the ability of better engineered and manufactured vehicles to stay on the road longer. As a result, we would expect a return to the trend of steady annual growth in the total vehicle population. However, even though we are expecting some improvement in the employment outlook, the level of unemployment and underemployment is still high, and will continue to constrain growth in our industry. We expect to again see growth in average transaction size and 2014, driven by continued favorable mix shifts and continued increased parts complexity. We experienced inflation in 2013, which was lower than historical averages and would continue to expect lower than normal inflation in 2014, which will constrain our comparable store sales growth. The O'Reilly-specific catalysts we expect to drive our comparable store sales in 2014 include the continued build-out of our professional business in the Western U.S.; solid incremental growth in the Northeast, as our converted VIP stores gain traction and market share gains resulting from the additional service capabilities we are adding with the opening of our Lakeland, Florida and Chicago distribution centers, as well as a host of current and planned enhancements we have to improve our service offerings. For the first quarter of 2014, we are establishing a comp guidance range of 4% to 6%, as we benefit from the sales momentum we carried out of 2013 and the continued harsh weather across much of the country. We will also realize the benefit from the calendar shift at the Easter to the second quarter of 2014 versus the first quarter of 2013. Our 4% to 6% range compares to a comparable store sales increase of 0.6% in the first quarter last year. But I would remind everyone that the first quarter of 2013 faced the headwinds of the Easter calendar shifts and the comparisons on extra leap day in 2012. As we look pass the top line and our results for the fourth quarter, gross margin was flat with the prior year, down 34 basis points sequentially from the third quarter results. These results were in line with the guidance we've provided in the third quarter conference call, as improved product margins resulting from decreased acquisition costs were offset by the LIFO headwinds for these cost reductions. Tom will provide a little more color regarding our LIFO accounting headwinds later in the call, but I want to again stress that these charges are short-term pressure on our gross margin, while the improved acquisition costs are an ongoing benefit. For 2014, we will again face the gross margin pressure from our LIFO accounting in the first quarter. However, as we discussed on the third quarter call, we continue to expect significant pressure to the end after the first quarter -- to end after the first quarter, and point-of-sale margins to remain strong all year. Industry pricing has remained rational for the last several years, and we expect this to continue in 2014. And we would also not expect inflation to have a meaningful impact on our gross margins. Based on these factors, we expect our 2014 full year guidance to be in the 50.9% to 51.4% range. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I want to, again, congratulate the 62,000 members of Team O'Reilly on another very successful year in 2013. Through your hard work and unwavering commitment to excellent customer service, we continue to capture market share, generating an increase in comparable store sales of 4.3%. And we built that market share profitably, increasing operating profit by 79 basis points to an all-time high of 16.6%, with earnings per share of $6.03, an increase of 27% over the prior year. We remain confident in the long-term drivers in the automotive aftermarket and our team's ability to continue to capture increased market share through the execution of our proven business strategy. This confidence is reflected in our 2014 growth expectations, with guidance for both operating profit of 17% to 17.4% and EPS guidance, before any additional share buybacks in 2014, of $6.74 to $6.84. We are able to set forth a strong outlook for the coming year only because of the strength of our team. And I want to take this opportunity to, again, thank Team O'Reilly for your contribution to our company's continued success. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff
Jeff M. Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to echo Greg's comments and thank our team members for their hard work and dedication to providing top-notch customer service. Your commitment to building and strengthening relationships with our professional customers allowed us to continue to win share in our core hard parts business, while we were also able to capitalize on the DIY opportunity presented by the early severe winter weather across much of the country to generate a robust 5.4% increase in our comparable store sales. Winter weather that is a favorable for selling parts isn't enough by itself to generate these sales. Our strong performance was a direct result of our store teams' dedication to having our stores open and ready to provide great customer service, no matter how cold it got, how much snow fell, or even if they had power to the store. The positive sales results from the extreme weather also wouldn't be possible without our distribution team's dedication to ship every store nightly to replenish those high-demand winter items. Our strong fourth quarter sales performance, combined with solid expense control, drove 68 basis points of leverage on SG&A. For the quarter, our average per-store SG&A expense increased 1%, which was in line with our expectations and reflected diligent expense control, while still supporting our ability to grow market share with excellent customer service. For the full year, we levered our SG&A by 22 basis points with an average SG&A per store increase of 68 basis points versus the prior year. The average SG&A growth was slightly above our expectations at the beginning of the year of an increase of 0.5% per store. However, we feel we prudently managed our expenses in 2013, and in particular, we're very pleased with the quality of our store teams as we move forward in 2014. As we've discussed repeatedly in the past, we manage expenses to provide consistent top-notch customer service over the long term and won't make dramatic changes to slash expenses on a quarter-to-quarter basis. You can see the result of this unwavering commitment to our customers in the quality of our parts professionals, who are the absolute best in our industry at taking care of the customer. And we're more excited than ever about our team's ability to build our business, grow market share and open 200 successful new stores this year. In 2014, we expect SG&A expense to grow by approximately 1.5% on a per-store basis this year, as we continue to invest in our team of parts professionals and the tools they need to continue to make O'Reilly the first choice of customers for their auto parts needs. Now I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing a few of our key initiatives in 2014, which will enhance or supplement the already high level of service we provide to our DIY and professional customers. It would be hard to begin any discussion of 2014 initiatives without first talking about the exciting opportunities we see with the 3 new distribution centers opening this year. On January 13, we opened our 25th distribution center in Lakeland, Florida, a 390,000-square-foot facility, which is already providing daily replenishment to over 70 stores in the Florida market. We are excited about the improved same-day parts available this new DC is providing to our stores in this expansion market, and are looking forward to continuing the robust new store growth and market share gains as we reach further south in Florida. Our second planned distribution center opening for 2014 in Naperville, Illinois, just west of Chicago, remains on track to begin servicing stores in the third quarter. Over the 6-week period, after the DC opening, the 360,000-square-foot facility will transition the servicing of 160 stores in the surrounding area from existing DCs, providing much more robust same-day availability to our stores in the very competitive Chicago end market. Lastly, our new 370,000 square-foot distribution center in Devens, Massachusetts, just west of Boston will open at the beginning of the fourth quarter and will replace the Lewiston DC -- it replaced the DC in Lewiston, Maine that we acquired in the purchase of the VIP. This DC will enhance our inventory capabilities in the 56 former VIP stores, offering a wider range of SKUs, and will support our future growth in the Northeast. Our real estate teams are hard at work in the Northeast, identifying and developing new store site for openings in 2015. Constructing, stocking and staffing over 1.1 million additional square feet of distribution capacity in 1 year is a huge undertaking, but our distribution team has a proven track record of bringing new DCs online without a hitch. With the very successful opening of the Florida DC already under our belt, our DC teams will continue to diligently work to ensure the smooth opening of the remaining 2 DCs and I want to thank them for their continued dedication to providing outstanding parts availability to our customers. In 2013, we successfully hit our target of 190 new stores, and were very pleased with the performance of these stores, which has exceeded our expectations and we're excited about the growth opportunities in the 200 stores we'll open this year. We'll open stores across all of our markets in 2014, but the majority of the stores will open in Florida, California, Texas and the Upper Midwest. A successful new store opening is truly a team effort, beginning with the identification and development of the site by our real estate group. Once the site is in the works, our store design and installation teams create a great store environment for our customers, and our inventory and distribution center teams ensure we deploy an inventory mix that's tailored to meet our customers' needs. Finally, store operations develops a great team of professional parts people to provide excellent customer service in the new store, which has set O'Reilly apart in our existing markets. This teamwork has been key to our long history of profitable new store openings, and will continue to be crucial to our future success. And I want to thank everyone involved in the store expansion effort. Moving on from our store and DC expansion, I want to spend a few minutes discussing some advertising and technology initiatives we have planned for 2014. We will again have a robust advertising program in 2014 anchored by national and grassroots racing, radio spots and college basketball sponsorships. Our loyalty card program was rolled out to all of our stores at the beginning of the fourth quarter, and we've already signed up 4 million customers in the first 4 months of the program. In 2014, we'll work to further our engagement with these customers through surprise-and-delight targeted promotions at a local market level, tailored down to individual customer preferences based on historical purchase activity we're now collecting [ph] . We're excited about the success of this program so far and the potential we have to improve the overall customer experience, while driving increased traffic and capturing a larger percentage of our overall customers business. On the advertising front, we are also pleased to announce that O'Reilly is the official radio sponsor of Football Day Premier's broadcast of the 2014 World Cup. FDP will take the exclusive official Spanish language broadcast through their radio network of over 100 affiliates throughout the United States, and O'Reilly's relationship with this marquee event provides us outstanding exposure to a key customer demographic. On the technology front, we'll continually work to enhance the tools our team members use in our stores to provide great customer service. At any point in time, we have a multitude of initiatives underway, but 2 major ones I wanted to highlight are our proprietary catalog, and the new point-of-sale system. Our catalog is a key tool for our store team members, and we continually work to improve our capabilities to provide even better customer service. Enhancements in 2014 will focus on expanding product content and images, improving ease of use, and implementing more capabilities to this product availability in our supply network. Finally, I wanted to update our progress on our new point-of-sale system. As we've discussed in the past, we're changing the process -- we're in the process of changing the POS system transaction engine. The new system is much more flexible in supporting related sales efforts and dynamic targeted promotions, while also making the system easier to learn and use for our parts professionals, as well as giving us the tools to quickly address business needs and future development opportunities. We're well along the way in the development process and we'll be piloting the new system in one store during the first quarter, with the chain-wide rollout anticipated to begin in late summer. However, we will not roll out this critical system until it has been thoroughly tested in a live environment, and our store operations and the information systems teams are 100% confident in our ability to make the change seamlessly. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to once again thank our store and distribution teams for their continued hard work and dedication to serving our customers. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. I'd like to start today by thanking Team O'Reilly for the a great finish to a very successful year. Your continued dedication to providing excellent customer service drives O'Reilly's long-term success. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and add some color to our guidance for 2014. Comparable store sales for the fourth quarter increased 5.4%, which exceeded our guidance of 3% to 5%, and was driven by our continued solid business trends augmented by the early onset of cold winter weather across much of the country, as Greg discussed earlier. For the quarter, sales increased to $133 million, comprised of a $79 million increase in comp store sales, a $54 million increase in non-comp store sales, $1 million increase non-comp, non-store sales, and $1 million decrease from closed doors. This strong sales performance, combined with our relentless focus on expense control, resulted in a 23% increase in diluted earnings per share to $1.40, which exceeded the top end of our fourth quarter guidance range by $0.09. For the year, sales increased $467 million to $6.6 billion, which was a 7.6% increase over the prior year. The increase in sales was driven by our 4.3% full year comparable store sales growth, the addition of 190 new stores and the 56 VIP stores acquired at the end of 2012. As Greg previously stated, we're setting our 2014 full year comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5%, with total revenue expected in the range of $7 billion to $7.2 billion. For the first quarter, our comparable store sales guidance is 4% to 6%. For the fourth quarter, operating profit as a percent of sales increased to 15.8%, which was an 80 basis point improvement over the prior year. The key contributor to our record of fourth quarter operating profit was very good leverage on store expenses from our strong comparable store sales increase, combined with solid expense control. For the year, operating profit improved 79 basis points to a record high full year figure of 16.6% of sales. The key contributor to this increase was a 57 basis point improvement in our gross margin and leverage in our store operating expenses. Looking forward into 2014, we're establishing our operating margin guidance at 17% to 17.4% of sales. During the fourth quarter, we again experienced headwinds resulting from our LIFO inventory accounting. So I'd like to spend a little time now providing some detail on the impact. As we discussed on the third quarter call, we have been very successful reducing our acquisition costs over time. And as a result, during the year, we exhausted our LIFO reserve. We are now are effectively valuing our inventory at the last by [ph] acquisition cost, as this cost is below our historical LIFO into value. In this position, each time we receive a cost decrease from our suppliers, it negatively impacts our gross margin for the total float value of the cost reduction in the period we recognize a decrease, as we adjust our existing inventory on hand to the lower cost. The headwind of $14 million we experienced in the fourth quarter was consistent with our original estimate, and we continue to expect an additional LIFO headwind of approximately $15 million in the first quarter of 2014. As we've stated on our third quarter call, and it's important to reiterate now, these negative impacts on gross margin are one-time, noncash events, with the lower acquisition costs benefiting us in improved product margins going forward. We do not expect meaningful LIFO headwinds subsequent to the first quarter of 2014, and this LIFO as assumption is baked in on our full year gross margin guidance in the 50.9% to 51.4% range. With that being said, unforeseen significant acquisition cost decreases could occur and may create additional LIFO gross margin headwinds during the year. One other item to note as it relates to our 2013 results and our expectations for 2014 is an anticipated change in our income tax rate. Our tax rate was 36.7% of pretax income for the full year of 2013, a reduction from 37.8% in 2012, as a result of an increased benefit in 2013 from certain work tax credits. Based on the legislation currently in place, we do not expect to realize the same level of benefits from these credits in 2014, and as such, we'll expect a higher tax rate this year. For 2014, we're expecting a tax rate of approximately 37% of pretax income. Moving on to the balance sheet. Inventory per store at the end of 2013 was $570,000 versus the prior year of $573,000. These results were slightly better than the flat guidance we've provided throughout the year, with our strong year-end sales performance providing the difference. Our ability to grow our comparable store sales above 4% while keeping inventory per store flat in an environment of rapidly expanding SKU counts is a testament to the knowledge and expertise of our inventory control, merchandise and DC teams. These groups work tirelessly to add productive inventory to our mix, which supports our sales growth, while also keeping total inventory in check by identifying and limiting slow-moving and nonproductive SKUs and reducing inventory processing time. In 2014, our guidance is, again, to keep our per-store inventory flat, as our teams continue to diligently add the right inventory, leverage our existing investment and minimize nonproductive inventory. At the end of 2013, our AP-to-inventory was 86.6% of inventory, representing an improvement of 190 basis points over the prior year. However, our year-end figure was down sequentially from our third quarter ratio of 87.8%. This decrease is consistent with our expectations, as a number of large purchases from our 2012 store-level additional inventory initiative became due and payable during the fourth quarter of this year, with the remaining fluctuations due to normal cyclical nature of our business. For 2014, we expect to continue to make incremental gains in our supplier terms and expect our AP-to-inventory percentage to approach 90% at year end. Capital expenditures for 2013 were $396 million, an increase of $95 million from 2012 and near the center of the guidance range we've provided earlier. When we look at our 2013 CapEx results, we spent more than originally expected on distribution projects related to the timing of the spend of the 3 new DCs opening during 2014. However, we had an offsetting benefit from a higher-than-planned mix of leased versus owned stores that open during 2013. For 2014, our CapEx guidance is $390 million to $420 million, with an expected lower CapEx that complete our DC projects offset by higher new store CapEx. The higher new store CapEx was driven by the increase in store openings from 190 to 200 in 2014, as well as expected higher owned versus leased mix of new store openings. Free cash flow for 2013 was $512 million, and exceeded the top end of our guidance range by $12 million, primarily related to better-than-expected net income. For 2014, we expect free cash flow to be between $570 million and $620 million with increase, again, primarily driven by expected higher net income. Moving on to debt, we're proud to report that during the fourth quarter, our credit rating was upgraded by Moody's from Baa3 to Baa2, which is now on par with our BBB flat rating from S&P. And we remain very good read to maintaining our current investment grade rating. With that being said, we've finished 2013 with an adjusted the debut-to-EBITDA ratio below to bottom end of targeted leverage range, which is 2x to 2.25x, primarily due to our strong 2013 financial results. We'd expect additional borrowings during 2014 to move us above our current levels of 1.9x, and in to our targeted leverage range. During the fourth quarter, we continued to prudently execute our share buyback program by repurchasing 2 million shares in the average cost of $124.11 per share, for a total investment, $246 million. For the year, we've repurchased 8.5 million shares at an average price of $109.38 for a total of investment of $933 million. We continue to believe that the best use of our cash flow and the best return for our shareholders is to invest in our business by maintaining our existing store base, opening new stores through greenfield expansion and opportunistically consolidating in the industry. To the extent these opportunities do not use our available cash in 2014, we intend to continue to return capital to our shareholders by prudently executing our buyback program. As we announced in our release yesterday, our board has approved an additional share repurchase authorization of $500 million, bringing our current total available share authorization to $645 million available. To recap our 2014 guidance, our first quarter comparable store sales guidance is 4% to 6% with full year comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5%. For the first quarter, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $1.53 to $1.57. For the full year, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $6.74 to $6.84. As a reminder, our diluted earnings per share guidance for both the first quarter and the full year, taking into account the shares repurchased through our press release date yesterday, but do not reflect impact on any potential future share repurchases. Finally, I would once again like to thank the entire Team O'Reilly for their continued dedication to the company's success. Congratulations on another record-setting year. This concludes our prepared comments. At this time, I'd like to ask Hilda, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First, on the industry consolidation. Greg, how are you positioning the organization to best take advantage of any business that you might be able to capitalize on?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, really, Michael, we're executing the same business plan that we've always executed. We have adapted to focus on the changing vehicle population in the U.S., which most of the strong players in our business have, that we feel like we've made some solid incremental gains in that area as time has moved along, and we feel like we are in a really good shape right now. We also continue to look at some of the independent jobber business and have taken on some additional independent jobbers as we've moved through the last couple of quarters. And we'll plan to continue to do that. And then as the consolidation that is expected to happen happens, we'll do what we always do to try and drive market share gains in those markets where new 2 stores are turned into 1 or whatever the case maybe. So really, it's just kind of the same thing that we've always done, and that is just try to gain as much market share in each market as we possibly can. And we're looking at this as a potential opportunity for us to maybe accelerate some of those market share gains, as the consolidation happens.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So there hasn't been any proactive reach-out to some of the independents that could be up for grabs to the extent that there is disruption within the industry?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, Mike. What I would say, Michael, is that anyone that sells independent jobbers in the markets where those independent jobbers that are being consolidated exists, they've been touched and talked to by everyone that distributes parts to IJs.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, it sounds a little bit like the sell side and then the buy side, but that's something we can all relate to, I'm sure.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The other question I had was on the extreme weather. And how long do you expect the extreme weather that we've seen to have an influence on the industry? And in the past, has there been a case where originally it's more of a DIY benefit and then it moves to more of a DIFM impact as cars need new repairs from all the damage that's taking place?
Gregory L. Henslee: Here is what I'd say about weather. I think that we're -- one, happy that we've had more normalized, maybe more extreme winter after having a couple of winters of not having very extreme weather. It certainly drives earlier demand with batteries that won't crank the car in cold-weather, antifreeze where people didn't have enough coolant in their -- that cars, and then wiper blades, things like that. And then as roads get damaged, as you know, especially up in the Northeast and some of the real cold weather markets, that's good for us as chassis parts take a beating and then you have the corrosion impacting hub bearings and brakes and things like that. So that's all good longer term. It really applies to both the DIY and the do-it-for-me side, although the DIY is typically not a business that you get benefit from as quickly as you with the do-it-for-me side because people, in many cases, can't work in their cars outside the inclement weather. One thing I want to say about this is that as we have these extreme temperatures, it generally is good for our business. But these winter storms and the impact of some of storms -- you watch the news and you see Atlanta shut down for 2 days where people just kind of hunker down and get insight because it's 0 degrees and below on these markets. That's tough on cars for sure, but it sure doesn't drive short-term demand when people are unable to get out and work in their cars and unwilling to get out and drive to repair shops and things like that. So I think you get some benefit from that later on in the year as people start recovering from the damage that has done to their cars during the winter weather.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just on that point, the 4% to 6% comp guidance for the first quarter, that includes any disruption that you've seen from the extreme weather as well?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, that includes everything has happened to this point. When we give guidance, it's always an estimate as to what -- where we think we'll end up based on kind of what we've experienced so far during the period, and what our comparisons are for the remainder of the period, and then what our estimate is as to what the business will do during that time, then it's an estimate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Rifkin from Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of questions, Greg. With respect to the expansion in South Florida supported by the Lakeland DC, how many of the 200 stores for 2014 will be in South Florida? And how many ultimately do you think you can have in the South Florida market?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Ted, do you have the answer to how many of those will be in Florida?
Ted F. Wise: We got 35 for sure going to be open, and then whatever comes up on the short term this year. So 35-plus this year for sure.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. And we would estimate some more in the 300 area probably for a total in Florida, something like that. And that's somewhat early because we still have a lot of market evaluations to do, especially in the southern part of the state. But that will be an early estimate.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So Greg, it's now been more than 5 years since you've, obviously, very successfully acquired CSK and have grown that business. Is that still contributing more so to the comp? Are those former CSK stores, in other words, still comping above the corporate average? And what would be a good run rate on a per-store basis to assume for revenues?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I'll answer the first part. And I'll let you answer the second part of that. For the year, of course, CSK continues to be a positive contributor to our comp and has been -- is our comp to remainder of the company. During the fourth quarter, the extreme weather in [ph] the central part of the company helped bring that back closer to even with the core O'Reilly -- what we would call core O'Reilly stores, but really it's all of our new stores and the center in the eastern part of the country. Those stores have done well. And then we have a little bit of weather pressure out west with the extreme dry conditions, which affect wiper blades sales, which are a big business out there, as well as the agriculture business there in California, which has really slowed down some with the lack of moisture. So what we saw for the year was that CSK continues to out-comp everything else that we would expect that as we continue to grow our commercial business out in that area, which we've come a long way, that we still have a long way to go. There's still a lot of competitors doing a lot of business that we would like to be doing and we're working to gain market share, we would expect that part of the country to continue to do a little better than the rest. And then Tom, you can answer.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And one last one, if I may. What was the delta with respect to comps between markets that you would classify in the quarter as being impacted by the cold weather?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, what we would tell you is that we saw better traffic in the extreme cold weather markets on the DIY side of the business driven by the must-have items: batteries and electrical-type equipment. But that's about as much color as we're going to give on the difference in regions.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: My first question relates to, thinking about 2014, generally speaking. The ticket and margin implications of weather-driven business, to the extent that there is the nice flow-through from the recent weather that lasts into the spring. What does that do to your mix? And does that tend to show up slowly in transactions, that is [ph] , or does the ticket also tend to move with those kinds of transactions?
Gregory L. Henslee: With the type of repairs that we're talking about where under-car pieces that damage, ride control breaks, we expect to see a higher average ticket on those. Margins on hard parts tend to be pretty good. So we would expect to continue to see an increase in the average ticket and solid gross margins.
Thomas G. McFall: And then also batteries, of course, early in the winter where the batteries fail in the extreme cold, those are a big-ticket items, and that positively affects our ticket average.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just by way of follow-up, you have, I think, over the past year or more been sort of raising your game in terms of DIY and the level of service and visible service you provide to your customers. I know that that's been an ongoing effort, and perhaps, it's tough to isolate its impact. But any insight on how you think that might be impacting the business would be very helpful.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think it has been very positive. We've allowed our store operations leaders to increase our mix of part-time team members to better service our customers on nights and weekends. And we really kind of recognize an opportunity on the professional side to better manage the spikes we have and delivery demand out to our professional customers by increasing our part-time workforce a little bit. And even our distribution centers, where we have occasional spikes, we've been able to use part-time people to better support things. So that has been a help. But then also just some of the services that we now provide that we were a little reluctant to a couple of years ago, I think, had been a positive contributor. I think most customers that know us look to us a suppliers that maybe has a little higher level of parts specialists in the store from a professionalism and a parts knowledge perspective, and I think we've really shown them the capabilities we have now as we started agreeing to pull [ph] check engine, write [ph] codes and do the diagnostic analysis in our stores and just do some things to help them. In many cases, those kinds of things end up with us sending a customer to one of our professional service providers to do business with us. But in either case, they appreciate to help in solving the problem.
Operator: The next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: As you guys build out your presence in the Northeast and in Florida, does that change your ability to penetrate national commercial accounts, or has that not really been an impediment in the past?
Gregory L. Henslee: I think we do a really good job on the national accounts. I think that having a presence in every state in the country where some national accounts may have a presence improves our ability, and I think we're more focused on that now than we've ever been. And I think that'll be an opportunity for growth for us as we continue to build out our presence in the Northeast and in South Florida.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then when you look at the Carquest-Advance combination, Carquest had some existing relationships, Advance maybe has more store coverage than what Carquest had. Does that impact your relationship at all for some of those bigger commercial accounts where Advance maybe wasn't a player beforehand [ph] ?
Gregory L. Henslee: All these national accounts, there is none of them that are new to any of us. We all call on them and we're -- most of us are on their purchase list. We have --we all have different types of relationships with them relative to rebates and where we may be on the list. But I don't think it has a big impact. I think Carquest was pretty involved with national accounts at the point that the Advance-Carquest thing took place. I think Advance has worked hard to do well on national accounts and they both had a national footprint. So while it could have a minor impact maybe where one or the other didn't have exposure in a certain town to a national account, I wouldn't expect it to really change the game when it comes to national accounts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Want to delve into LIFO. So basically, Tom, the math is, you had roughly, was it 90 basis points of gross margin pressure, and that was roughly, or actually, slightly more than offset by inventory that you actually sold through that you had received better volumes and better pricing on during the quarter?
Thomas G. McFall: Correct.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And so, as you go forward to next year, is the math as simple as like that 90 basis points of pressure that you had in the fourth quarter ends up being sort of baseline gross margin expansion for next year in the fourth quarter?
Thomas G. McFall: Yes, you should be able to calculate the first quarter expected margin and the last 3 quarters of the year to come up with a similar number. On a quarter by quarter basis, there is some minor variations in our POS margin based on mix and advertising and DC leverage, but it's pretty consistent. It should be pretty consistent this year, excluding the first quarter.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I got you. I understand. And that's basically that this is comp -- or volume-driven discounts as you'd be -- get larger in spite of mixing towards the commercial side, the volume discounts that you're getting from the vendor base is overwhelming all the pressures, or is it also supply chain as well?
Thomas G. McFall: This year when we look at is primarily -- if we look at 2013, primarily acquisition costs and DCs, but primarily acquisition; when we look at '14, our expectation is that the year-over-year increase will be from deals we've already done. So we'll have a little bit of pressure on our distribution cost as we open 3 DCs.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then one last one, as you think about the shift from Easter. Is that basically a 100 basis points in terms of shifting into 1Q from 2Q, and this store closure days that perhaps you had so far quarter to-date offset any of that?
Thomas G. McFall: The Easter shift is less than that, I'd say, probably 40 basis points. When we look back to last year's comps at 0.6, the bigger impact was combination of that and twice as much of an impact from leap day in the previous year. I would expect that store closures will not be a meaningful number for us. As Jeff talked about in his call that we do everything we can to get our store open, whether it has power or whether it's running on a generator, we'll transfer phones, but our job is to get those stores open to be there for customers.
Operator: The next question comes from Bret Jordan from BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. And one of them, I guess, if you look at direct mix and where we ended 2013, where do you see direct mix in 2014 and sort of what is the impact on gross margin expectations is there?
Thomas G. McFall: We're probably around 35% for more private label-imported products, including commodities. That has a positive impact on our gross margin percentage. But from a dollar standpoint, we'd rather sell branded parts. But we feel like we are in a pretty good competitive position on entry-level products.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And you see that changing much in 2014, or is that sort of flatlining?
Gregory L. Henslee: I think we'd expect to see incremental changes. Every time we do a line review, we look at where we want to be positioned, what customer demand is, but we'd expect to see a pretty consistent mix.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then if you look at the Devens, Mass DC in Q4, that is 3,000 -- 700,000 (sic) [370,000] square feet. How many stores could that serve in the Northeastern market?
Thomas G. McFall: Around 300.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then one last question. If you could pick up independent jobbers, do those revenues go into comp because they're shipped out of the local store, or are those shipped from DC and don't count in-comp?
Gregory L. Henslee: Independent are non-comp sales. They ship out of the DC, not out of the store. They would be included on our non-comp non-store sales.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First of all, as it relates to traffic overall, can you characterize that -- maybe you said this earlier, but can you characterize that between DIY and DIFM in the quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee: We would say we had a couple of quarters of positive DIY and the couple of quarters that are slightly negative, ended the year slightly negative. DIFM traffic counts have been strong all year.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And thinking about guidance beyond the first quarter, your full year guidance, are you assuming in, let's say, second and third quarter in particular any benefit related to the cold winter?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think the cold winter has been a contributor to our comps in the fourth quarter, and I think that the damage that's being done to cars to some degree now should be a contributor and spring sets in and people start to tune up their cars and maintaining their cars to just take care of the repairs that need to be made to recover. So yeah, we would view it as a contributor. What would be really good as if we were having really, really cold weather for 2 weeks in a row across the country, then 1 week of warm weather, and then hope this summer, of course, that turns out to be an incredibly hot summer, because these extremes do drive short-term demand in our business and longer-term damage to cars. So generally, we see it as a positive.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So I mean, are you -- it's fair to say you are factoring in already some assumed future benefit related to the weather you've already seen?
Gregory L. Henslee: As best we can. Again, our comp guidance is estimates, and we -- I know we see a lot of and we know the business better than anyone else. But all factors at our disposal are included in our guidance.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then lastly, on expansion. Can you talk about kind of what's your latest thinking on western -- former CSK markets in terms of greenfields?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we continue to expand out there and we continue to look for sites. And we plan to continue to expand out that where it makes sense. A lot of our work over the next couple of years will be to evaluate potential relocations where leases come out, and we may not be pleased with a site and we may want to relocate it, but at the same time, we continue to look for greenfield growth. And, of course, California was a pretty big contributor last year to our new stores, and we would expect this to continue to expand out there this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Melich from ISI Group.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Really two question. One, starting in terms of DIY. I know you have the loyalty program. Do you have any updates to sort of how that's doing and whether you're seeing traction with it and where do you think you can use it more?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're really happy with it, Greg. We signed up over 4 million customers and we continue to, we think, benefit from the fact that we have a loyalty program and it gives us a means by which to market directly to loyal customers. So we see it as a positive. We're going to continue to build on it and we'll see where it takes us. It's kind of hard to quantify the positive effect of it because a lot of the business that we're doing with these loyalty customers are customers that we have before. But we feel like, long term, it'll be good for us and certainly gives us the ability to market directly to these customers and offer them specials and incentives that we weren't able to as easily as before.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then now that it's the year-end, I know this inflation is something you guys have talked about the last few quarters and how it has changed over the years. How 2% used to be kind of the normal number and it come down. Where do you think we are now on that? And just given the demand environment now in the mix, do you think that we're going to actually start to have a little bit of re-acceleration of inflation, or is it still sort of a 0 number in this year's guidance?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, when we look at the full year, it was marginally positive for 2013. We're not seeing anything right now in commodity prices or any impetus in the market to have dramatic changes in retail prices, so we're expecting a pretty muted year-end for a third year in a row.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Henslee for any closing remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Hilda. Well, we would like to conclude our call today by, again, thanking the entire O'Reilly team. We are extremely proud of your hard work, your dedication and your commitment. Your relentless focus on providing the highest level of customer service each day resulted in another very successful and profitable year in 2013. Each of you should be extremely proud of our record-breaking results we generated during the year. As we look ahead into 2014, we're confident in our ability to enhance our customer service with the addition of new distribution capacity and to successfully grow our market share in both new and existing markets. I would like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We're extremely proud of our record-breaking performance in 2013. And we'll look forward to reporting our first quarter 2014 results in April. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff M. Shaw - Executive Vice-President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Tom McFall. Tom, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Ellen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement: The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Third Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, and Ted Wise, our Executive Vice President of Expansion, are also present. It is once again my great pleasure to congratulate Team O'Reilly on another profitable record-breaking quarter. And I want to thank each and every one of our dedicated team members for their unwavering commitment to providing the highest level of customer service in our industry. At the beginning of the quarter, we set the bar high with comparable store sales expectations of 4% to 6%, which was on top of the 3-year stacked comp comparison of 17.2%. Through your efforts and hard work, we generated an industry-leading 4.6% increase in comparable store sales for the quarter. We should all be very proud of our ability to consistently outpace the industry in comparable store sales growth, especially in the midst of ongoing difficult macroeconomic conditions. In total, we grew sales for the quarter by 8%. And because of our team's relentless focus on profitable growth and expense management, we generated a record quarterly operating margin of 17.4%, driving a 28% increase in earnings per share to $1.69. This represents our 19th consecutive quarter of adjusted earnings per share growth of 15% or greater. Our team remains committed to providing consistent, excellent customer service in each of our stores every day as we continue to focus on executing our proven business model of serving both retail and professional service provider customers. I could not be more proud of the great job our team does serving our customers, and I would like to again thank all the Team O'Reilly for driving our record-breaking results this past quarter. I would now like to take a few minutes to provide some color around our sales performance for the quarter. Business was fairly consistent throughout the quarter, adjusted for the Sunday benefit we had in July. And we are on track to finish the quarter at the midpoint of our 4% to 6% guidance range until the end of the quarter. September finished slightly softer than we had anticipated, primarily driven by the anniversary of aggressive prior year advertising and promotional activity, and resulted in a 4.6% increase in comparable store sales for the quarter, just slightly below the midpoint of our expected range. While the cadence of our prior year promotional activity was a small headwind to our comp growth for the quarter, it was one of the factors that supported our 59 basis point improvement in gross margin for the period. The core O'Reilly and acquired markets contributed equally to our comp store sales growth for the quarter. The strength of the core O'Reilly comp this quarter as compared to the acquired markets is primarily the result of the much more difficult prior year comparisons in the acquired markets. However, going forward, we expect that the acquired markets will provide a larger portion of our comparable store sales growth as we continue to capitalize on the tremendous opportunities to gain share in these markets. Both the DIY and professional business contributed to our growth for the quarter, although more from the professional side as we continue to see that side of our business growing more robustly chain-wide. The rapid growth of the professional business in the acquired markets continued during the quarter. However, our core O'Reilly stores also posted very strong growth on the professional side of the business. That said, we continue to remain confident in our ability to gain share on the DIY side of our business over time, driven by the initiatives we have in place and the opportunities created by changes in the overall industry. We will continue to focus on executing our proven dual market strategy in all of our stores across the country, and we are well positioned to continue to gain market share on both sides of our business. Average ticket continued to be a stronger contributor to our comparable store sales increase, driven by the complexity of vehicle repairs, pricing management and our overall business mix. However, ticket count was also a contributor during the quarter. As we have seen over the last several years, the quality of vehicles on the road continues to improve, and these vehicles have become more and more complex. These higher-quality, better engineered vehicles require less frequent repairs. However, when repairs are needed, they continue to become more costly, contributing to the growth in our average ticket size. Again, as we have seen all year, inflation was not a significant driver of our average ticket growth for the quarter. We also continue to see a shift in the mix of our total business into more costly hard parts categories, primarily driven by the growth of the professional service provider business contributing to the growth in our average ticket size. Ticket count comps continue to be strongly driven by increases in our professional sales, led by our acquired markets, and more than offset the pressure we experienced in DIY transaction counts. As we look at our sales performance on a category-by-category basis, the lack of extreme heat during the summer had a definite negative impact on hot weather categories like temperature control and refrigerants. However, we continue to see strong demand in many of our key hard part repair and maintenance categories such as brakes, drivelines, suspension and ride control. On a regional basis, we saw fairly consistent results across the country. We remain confident in the drivers we see for demand and continued growth in our industry. However, we believe the American consumer continues to be pressured from the persistently difficult macroeconomic conditions we have seen over the last several years. The key drivers for long-term demand in our industry remain unchanged. The total fleet of vehicles on the road continues to grow, aided by a recovering rate of new vehicle sales and flat vehicle scrappage rates. As a result of better engineering and manufacturing, vehicles remain on the road and in service for longer periods of time and undergo more routine maintenance and repair cycles, resulting in a historically high average vehicle age of over 11 years and continuing to expand the upper end of the vehicle age range of our core customer or sweet spot. While we remain confident in the long-term fundamentals of the industry, we remain cautious in the short term concerning the economic headwinds our customers face. Through August of this year, total miles driven in the U.S. were relatively flat, hampered by unemployment of over 7%. While this does reflect an improving trend, this rate is still persistently high by historical standards. We also believe that the average consumer remains very cautious and continues to worry about economic uncertainties such as the impact of health care reform and the impact the governmental shutdown had on the economic recovery in the U.S. We expect the solid business trends we experienced in the last 4 quarters to continue. But in light of the macroeconomic pressures and more difficult comparisons we face as we annualize the improved business trends that started in the fourth quarter of last year, we are setting our fourth quarter comparable store sales guidance at a range of 3% to 5%. Thus far in October, business has been solid, and we are trending within that range. As we look back at the fourth quarter of 2012, October and November were strong months with the year finishing a little softer in December. For the full year, we are tightening up our comp guidance range from 3% to 5% to 3.5% to 4.5% based on having 3 quarters of actual results in our books. The midpoint of our tightened full year range is at 4%, unchanged from the midpoint we established at the beginning of this year. Moving on from the top line, sequentially gross margin was relatively flat with the second quarter. These results are better than we had anticipated when we hosted our second quarter conference call in July as gains on product mix and the cadence of our promotional activities in the current year compared to last year offset headwinds in the current period resulting from our LIFO inventory accounting. Tom will discuss the impact of LIFO accounting on our gross margin results in more detail in a few minutes. But from a high level, as we renegotiate our key supplier agreements over the next few quarters, we will face some short pressure -- short-term pressure on gross margins. But these better negotiated product acquisition costs will benefit us as we turn the product going forward. On a year-over-year basis, gross margin improved 59 basis points. The improvement was driven by product mix, improved acquisition costs and year-over-year differences in the aggressiveness of promotional activity. These benefits were partially offset by the LIFO impact and the headwinds from capitalized distribution costs related to last year's store-level inventory build initiative. Looking ahead sequentially into the fourth quarter as we compare to the third quarter, we expect to see continued pressure from capitalized distribution costs related to last year's inventory build and increased pressure from LIFO accounting. On a year-over-year basis, we expect that improved acquisition costs will offset these headwinds, resulting in a fourth quarter gross margin percentage comparable to the fourth quarter of 2012. Based on these expectations and our year-to-date results, we are narrowing our full year gross margin guidance from a range of 50.3% to 50.7% to a range of 50.5% to 50.7% of sales. Our outlook for sales and gross margin results are predicated on market pricing remaining rationale and inflation falling below normal ranges. I would like to wrap up my comments today by quickly updating you on the status of our VIP acquisition, as well as the status of our loyalty card program rollout. All of the VIP store layouts have been reset and the new interior decor package is in place, and both interior and exterior signs have been changed to the O'Reilly logo. We have the majority of the back room, hard parts inventories and approximately half of the front room inventories changed over to the O'Reilly product lines. The final physical changes to the exteriors of the buildings will occur next year, and the timing will be based primarily on weather conditions. The business in these northeastern markets is very cyclical in nature with the extreme winter months representing the lowest top line volume months of the year. Our goal is to have the store inventories completely changed over and our programs in place to capitalize on the strong spring selling season in these markets, and we are on track to meet that goal. We also have some exciting news regarding our plans for growth in the Northeast that Jeff will discuss in a moment. As we said in the past, the acquisition of VIP will not have a significant impact on our results in 2013. However, it provides a springboard for our growth in the Northeast, and we remain excited about the opportunities to grow our brand in these new markets. I'm also very pleased to announce the successful rollout of our loyalty card program in all of our stores at the beginning of October with over 1 million members already signed up. Our program will allow us to increase our retail customer engagement and direct market special offers to our retail customers as part of our continuing efforts to grow our retail market share and build brand recognition. We're excited about the initial results of the program and are very optimistic about the opportunities this program will provide as we continue to improve the overall shopping experience for our retail customers. I want to finish up today by reiterating our strong belief in the long-term drivers of demand in our industry. We remain steadfast in our long-term commitment to executing our proven strategy of serving both retail and professional service provider customers by providing unsurpassed, consistently high levels of customer service in all of our stores every day. We are confident in our ability to continue to gain market share while also delivering profitable results. I would like to again thank all members of Team O'Reilly for your hard work and the commitment you've made to our continued success. Congratulations on another record-breaking quarter. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw.
Jeff M. Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to echo Greg's remarks and thank Team O'Reilly for their hard work in delivering strong results against high expectations. Your dedication to providing consistent, top-notch customer service drove our industry-leading comparable store sales growth and record operating margin. Again, thank you for your continued efforts to make O'Reilly the market leader in customer service. I'd like to begin today by talking about some exciting distribution center expansion. As Greg alluded to earlier, we now have our plan in place to add significant distribution capacity in the Northeast by relocating our acquired DC in Lewiston, Maine, to a facility in Devens, Massachusetts. We purchased an existing facility in Devens, which is in the western suburb of Boston, and plan to relocate our Lewiston, Maine, facility, then begin service out of this new location in the back half of 2014. The new DC will be approximately 370,000 square feet, will have the capacity to service 280 stores and will be key to our continued growth in the Northeast markets. We knew, when we acquired the VIP stores, that we'd need a larger facility to support the growth in the existing store base as well as to robustly grow in the Northeast, and the new Devens facility will deliver that capacity while also leveraging some of its fixed costs from day 1 as it supports the 56 acquired VIP locations. Our real estate group has been actively identifying site zones throughout the Northeast this year and is currently in the process of negotiations for potential new store openings in these markets beginning in early 2015. Our focus for the acquired VIP stores over the next year will be: to complete the inventory changeovers, complete the refurbishing of the interior of the stores and roll out our commercial programs. In addition, we continue to train the store teams on our processes and procedures. But most importantly, we're instilling the O'Reilly culture of providing consistent, top-notch customer service to every customer who calls or walks in our store. We remain very excited about our opportunity to expand in the Northeast, and the new facility in Devens will provide the springboard we need for this expansion. With the addition of the Devens DC, we have 3 active DC projects in the pipeline. As we discussed on last quarter's call, we have a new DC scheduled to open in early 2014 in Lakeland, Florida, to support our rapid growth in the Central and Southern Florida. This is a 390,000-square foot facility capable of serving 300 stores. We're also working on a new 360,000-square foot DC in Naperville, Illinois, that's scheduled to open in second half of 2014. This DC will be capable of serving up to 250 stores and will support the vast Chicago land market as well as free up capacity in several of our Midwestern DCs. Three concurrent new DC projects is a big task. However, our DC operations teams are seasoned veterans and have the proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously. If you recall, as part of our CSK acquisition and integration between July 2008 and November 2010, we successfully opened 4 new greenfield DCs, relocated 1 DC and converted 2 existing DCs. In addition, we opened a new greenfield DC on the East Coast in North Carolina in 2009 as well as relocated our Kansas City DC to a larger facility in 2009. Being able to efficiently and successfully build and open just 1 DC can represent a challenging undertaking. But our ability to manage multiple projects and successfully bring several full-service, "5 night a week" delivery DCs online in a short period of time without service interruptions has been a critical factor in the outstanding service we provide to customers in existing and new markets. The success of these projects is the direct result of the meticulous planning and the flawless execution by our DC operations teams led by Greg Johnson, our Senior VP of Distribution Operations, and Larry Ellis, our Vice President of Distribution Operations, who, combined, have over 68 years of experience in our industry. Greg and Larry lead an experienced and talented team, and we're highly confident we'll be able to replicate our past successes with the current DC projects. Our robust regional tier distribution network offers multiple same-day deliveries to over 85% of our store base and "5 night a week" replenishment to every store in the Continental U.S. For 56 years, we've understood the importance of providing a consistently high level of parts availability to customers is the key to long-term success, and we're confident in our ability to continue our tradition of top-notch service in every new market we enter. I'd like to shift gears a little and talk about our new store growth. We opened 48 net new stores in the third quarter, and we're on track to hit our goal of 109 net new stores in 2013. Our store openings were again led by the Florida, Ohio and Texas markets. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our new stores, and, based on that success, we plan to increase our new store openings to 200 in 2014. We expect to open stores in approximately 34 states next year as we continue to identify great opportunities across all of the markets we serve and have the capacity throughout our distribution network. Our growth next year will consist of openings in existing, new and acquired markets. Existing markets, such as Texas, continue to offer robust economies and growing populations, and we have very seasoned store and DC teams in these existing markets to support this growth. Greenfield markets, such as Florida, will also see significant growth in 2014 and will be supported by our new DC in Central Florida. In addition, we plan to enter our 43rd state next year with openings in Pennsylvania. Finally, with our dual market strategy firmly in place, we'll grow in our Western acquired markets next year. California alone has significant backfill opportunities, and we also plan to open new stores in Oregon, Utah, Arizona and Washington in 2014. Now I'd like to take a minute to talk about some of our operating numbers. We leveraged SG&A 36 basis points during the third quarter, driven by solid comparable store sales of 4.6% and our relentless focus on expense control. Year-to-date, we leveraged SG&A 8 basis points, which is slightly above our expectations of being flat at this point in the year. Our SG&A dollar spend was in line with our expectations. Year-to-date, average SG&A per store has increased approximately 75 basis points, and we expect that rate to continue in the fourth quarter. I'd like to finish up today by recapping the highlights from our recent store operations leadership meeting. Each year, in the late summer, we bring our regional managers together in one room to discuss business strategy and ways to continue to perpetuate our model as well as replicating the O'Reilly culture in all of our new markets. The theme every year is very simple: how do we continue to deliver that consistent, top-notch customer service in every store every day? We focus on the fundamental concepts of execution in every store, identifying and developing strong leaders and internally building our bench of future store and district managers to support our growth as well as creating strong and cohesive store teams. These are the very same concepts that have made us successful for the past 56 years and are the keys to our future success. Our regional managers left the meeting fired up, ready to replicate the knowledge and the training they received with each of their district managers who, in turn, replicate the training with each of their 4,135 store managers across all of our markets. We remain well positioned to continue our track record of profitable growth supported by 61,000 team members dedicated to delivering unsurpassed levels of service to each one of our customers every day. I would, once again, like to thank our store and DC operations teams for their hard work and dedication and want to congratulate them on another very successful and profitable quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and add some color to our guidance. Comparable store sales for the quarter increased 4.6% on top of prior year's comps of 1.3%. Third quarter comps came in within our range despite the lack of extreme temperatures, which created a headwind for our results in weather-related categories, as Greg previous discussed. For the quarter, sales increased $126 million, comprised of a $72 million increase in comp store sales, a $52 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $3 million increase in non-comp, non-stores sales and $1 million decrease from closed stores. As Greg mentioned, we're setting our fourth quarter comparable store sales guidance at 3% to 5%, which is in line with our internal expectations created at the beginning of the year. We're adjusting our comparable store sales guidance for the full year 2013 to a 3.5% to 4.5% increase in comparable store sales, which is simply narrowing our previous guidance as comp sales for the first 3 quarters have been within our expectations. Our full year total sales guidance remains unchanged at $6.6 billion to $6.7 billion. As Greg discussed, our gross margin results exceeded our expectations for the third quarter despite headwinds resulting from LIFO inventory accounting. I'd like to provide a little more color on what we've seen on this front and what we're expecting over the next few quarters. As a result of our incrementally better purchasing power over time, our product acquisition costs have outpaced inflation and resulted in a reduction of our LIFO reserve to a calculated LIFO debit. We have elected the conservative approach and have not and will not record the LIFO debit, which will have the effect of writing off our inventory value beyond replacement cost. To the extent we have received and expect to continue to receive acquisition cost improvements while in a 0 LIFO reserve balance, we have temporary onetime hit to gross margin to adjust our existing on-hand inventory to the new lower acquisition costs. I want to strongly emphasize that these are non-cash, short-term headwinds, which will be quickly offset by the long-term gains as acquisition cost improvements generate increased point-of-sale margins ongoing. As a result, we expect these LIFO charges to be a meaningful headwind in the fourth quarter of this year and the first quarter of 2014. After that period, we expect the quarterly impacts from acquisition cost reductions will be largely mitigated by the improved gross margins generated by the deals we are currently putting in place. As Greg previously mentioned, we expect the impacts of the LIFO accounting and capitalized distribution costs to create pressure on our sequential margin in the fourth quarter. But on a year-over-year basis, we're expecting fourth quarter gross margins to be comparable to last year as a result of the acquisition cost improvements. As a result, we're tightening our full year gross margin guidance to 50.5% to 50.7%. Although we will not give full year 2014 guidance until our next conference call, we do expect the pressure from the expected LIFO charge in the first quarter of 2014 to result in approximately flat year-over-year gross margins in the first quarter of next year. Operating profit as a percent of sales for the quarter was 17.4%, which was a 94 basis point improvement over the prior year and represents an all-time high quarterly operating margin. For the first 9 months of 2013, operating profit as a percent of sales improved 79 basis points to 16.9% of sales. Based on our strong year-to-date results, we're raising our full year operating profit as a percent of sales guidance to 16.2% to 16.5%, up from our previous guidance of 16% to 16.4%. Diluted earnings per share for the third quarter was $1.69 per share, which represents an increase of 28% over $1.32 per share in the third quarter of 2012. For the first 9 months, diluted earnings per share was $4.63 per share, which represents an increase of 29%. Our third quarter and year-to-date EPS benefited from tax rates of 35.3% and 36.5% of pretax income, respectively, versus rates of 37.3% and 37.9% for the third quarter and first 9 months of 2012, respectively. The third quarter of 2013 benefited from job credits in excess of expectations versus the third quarter of the prior year, which was negatively impacted by adjustments for certain tax audits. Based on our year-to-date results, we now expect a full year tax rate of approximately 36.8% of pretax income for 2013. For the fourth quarter, we're establishing diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.27 to $1.31. Based on our above-plan results in the third quarter and additional shares repurchased since our last call, for the full year we're raising our guidance from $5.79 to $5.89 per share to $5.91 to $5.95 per share. As a reminder, our diluted earnings per share guidance for both the fourth quarter and full year take into account the shares repurchased through yesterday but do not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. Moving to the balance sheet. Our average inventory per store at the end of the third quarter was $572,000, up 1% from $567,000 at the end of the third quarter of 2012 and in line with our per-store inventory at the end of 2012. We continue to project inventory per store to be flat in 2013 as we continue to identify opportunities to redeploy our existing investment into more productive inventory. Capital expenditures for the first 9 months of 2013 were $300 million. The purchase of the Devens, Massachusetts, distribution center brings us in line with our year-to-date expectations after being slightly below our plan in the first half of the year. With continued development of now 3 distribution center projects in the fourth quarter, including the Lakeland, Florida, and Naperville, Illinois, facilities in addition to Devens, we expect to be in the upper end of our previous CapEx guidance range, so we're tightening that guidance range to the $395 million to $415 million. At the end of the third quarter, our AP-to-inventory ratio was 87.8%, up from 84.4% at the end of the third quarter of 2012 and 84.7% at the end of 2012. The year-to-date increase was better-than-expected primarily due to incremental gains in terms we've realized with your suppliers. While we do expect our ratio to come down somewhat in the fourth quarter due to the seasonal timing of payments, we now expect to end the year slightly above our earlier expectations of flat with the end of 2012. For the quarter, free cash flow declined to $158 million versus $276 million in 2012. This decline was caused solely by the dramatic improvements we made in our net inventory investment throughout 2012 driven by the rapid growth in our vendor financing program. On a full year basis, we're expecting the improved outlook on our AP-to-inventory ratio, partially offset by a CapEx spend closer to the top end of our range and slightly higher deferred tax payments related to previous tax depreciation accelerations, to drive free cash flow to the high side of our previous guidance. As a result, we're narrowing our guidance range to $470 million to $500 million. Next, I'll provide an update on our share repurchase program. As we've discussed several times since the inception of our repurchase program, we continue to believe the best use of our cash is to reinvest back into our business. But we continue to view buybacks as an effective use of excess available cash and will continue to opportunistically execute the program moving forward. During the third quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for an aggregate cost of $185 million at an average price of $120.71 per share. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter and through the date of this earnings release, we repurchased approximately 0.2 million shares at an average price of $125.74, bringing our cumulative year-to-date share repurchases to 6.8 million shares at an average price of $105.69. Our cumulative share repurchases since the inception of our program in January 2011 through yesterday were 38.9 million shares with an average price of $80.77. As an update, we currently have $316 million remaining under our current board-approved share repurchase authorization. At the end of the third quarter, our adjusted debt-to-adjusted EBITDAR was 1.94x. As we discussed on the second quarter earnings call, we still intend to move prudently toward our long-term targeted leverage range of 2 to 2.25x and would have expected at the beginning of the year to have entered that range, but our strong 2013 EBITDAR results still have us slightly below our target. We remain confident that our established target leverage range represents the appropriate capital structure for our company, and we will continue to incrementally move toward entering that range. However, as I've discussed in the past but it bears repeating now, we're extremely committed to adhering to our target leverage cap so that we can maintain or improve our investment-grade ratings as this is a critical factor in maintaining the success of our vendor financing program. Before we turn the call over to the operator to take your questions, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all of our store, DC and headquarter team members for their hard work and commitment to our company's success. Your commitment to providing the best customer service in the industry is the driving force behind our continued outstanding financial performance, and I want to express our gratitude for the dedication you show every day. At this time, I'd like to ask Ellen, the operator, to return the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Ellen?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first is, what kind of impact are you expecting from the LIFO in the fourth quarter and first quarter? Said another way, what will gross margins look like, excluding the LIFO impact? And then, since I'm sure somebody else will ask it if I don't, can you guys just talk about what you're thinking regarding Advance's recent acquisition announcement the other day in terms of any additional challenges or opportunities that, that may provide?
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, I'll take the second question and I'll defer the LIFO question to Tom. I'll let -- I'll answer first. On Advance's acquisition of GPI, we basically have, read all the information you have, of course. And us being in the business, we know probably a little bit more about those companies from a competitive standpoint than you do. So we, of course, looking at it from our side, see the opportunities that could be created, just as our competitors see opportunities when we acquire companies, to take advantage of the distraction and the work that has to be done to integrate those companies. So we'll, of course, be working to do what any good competitor would do, and that is to try and gain market share as they work to bring those companies together. There's still a lot of unknown as far as what they'll do with the brands and whether the Park West and Advanced stores will be integrating together or they'll continue operate those in the same market separately. So there's a lot yet to be seen. But we, of course, see the opportunities that we have to take advantage of potential market share gains as they work through that acquisition.
Thomas G. McFall: Scot, on the second part of your question, we would expect, absent the LIFO charge, to see a relatively consistent gross margin percentage with the third quarter in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I wanted to just ask 2 questions. One, on the -- out West with CSK. Can you tell us what -- where are you in terms of the DIY-DIFM mix in those stores? And then I guess then, where are you company-wide? Just sort of frame how far you are into that process. It's been what, 4 or 5 years and you still say you have room to go. So just sort of contextualize that. And then same type of question on the benefits of renegotiating with your vendors. How far along are you in that process? How much more benefit do you have to go there?
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, on the CSK product mix, our company as a whole, we're about 42% professional and 58% DIY. CSK is more DIY-oriented still. They would still -- they would be more in 66%-34% range, something like that. So we continue to work to gain that market share on the professional side out there, and that becomes a bigger part of our mix. As we've talked about, we continue to do a little better DIY out there, so we're growing both sides of the business. But the commercial business grows significantly faster than the rest of the business. And then, Tom, you take the remainder.
Thomas G. McFall: Sure. On the timing of deals, we expect to have some pretty big deals get re-upped here in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, which is why we're calling off the LIFO charge. After that, we'd expect to be on a pace to be back to more incremental gains.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. If I can just follow up on that CSK. So 66%-34% in terms of DIFM. What can that DIFM get to? Is it ever -- I don't think it ever gets to the 50%-50%, right, but if you can just talk a little where you think it could get to.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I don't think it'll get to 50%-50% just because some of the locations that we're in out there are more retail-inclined locations. But it can probably get to -- I don't know, I would be guessing because we're trying to grow both of them as much as we can. But we might get it to the 45%-55% range someday. But again, that's yet to be seen. It depends a lot on just the what happens in our industry relative to the amount of DIY business and hold the amount of the do-it-for-me business. I think everyone agrees that right now, the do-it-for-me business is growing a little bit more robustly than the DIY business. So it may be that we reach a point that we're not able to get our DIY business to be that much of our mix out there or maintain that much of a mix out there. But we'll see. We -- our do-it-for-me business is strong and growing, and we'll just have to see where it ends up.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregory Melich with ISI Group.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to get a little more color on that DIY versus do-it-for-me relative performance. You said that both were positive. Was that outperformance that do-it-for-me seems to have regularly, did that widen in the quarter? Or is it pretty much what it's been running? And then I had a follow-up on the purchasing.
Gregory L. Henslee: You're referring to the company as a whole?
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. No, it stayed pretty -- well, no, it narrowed a little bit. The -- no, I'm sorry, it widened a little bit with -- compared to last quarter. The -- it's a little bit wider this quarter. We had one less Sunday, which is a good number for the professional side and less good for the DIY side. So yes...
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So excluding that sort of dayshift, do you think the gap has stayed whatever, sort of, yes, really 600 bps?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we're not going to comment on the 600 bps.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. But that would be my answer. So the -- on purchasing, Tom, could you just give us a little more color on why now on the extra traction on the purchasing? Are there particular categories that you're resetting? And how is inflation looking on the flip side in terms of sell-through, if there is any.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Tom may have some comments on this, but we're simply going back through our major vendors, primarily hard parts vendors and -- post the CSK acquisition and the expiration of some of the agreements that we had post the acquisition and just kind of reworking those deals and resetting those deals to reflect our planned growth on the East Coast and the rest of the country, and that's kind of what we're working through. So these are deals that will benefit us and our manufacturers as we assure them business and growth into the future. And that put us in a position to work to do on the East Coast what we've not yet done and have been able to do in the Central and the Western part of the country.
Thomas G. McFall: On the inflation side, when we look at sale prices year-over-year, excluding mix, we're well below historical averages for inflation, which I think had been noted at other places within the industry.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Still positive but well below history?
Thomas G. McFall: Nearly positive.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'd like to focus my question on traffic and ticket, where you did give us some color, but to think about the traffic and ticket trends within each of DIY and commercial for you, please.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay.
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. When we look at traffic on DIY, it's been pressured over a long period of time due to the changes in vehicles and the frequency of repair. Last quarter, we had one of our best DIY traffic counts in a while, and that slowed this quarter. So there continues to be pressure. So again, we had one less Sunday, which is good for the professional side of the business and more challenging to the DIY side of the business, but it did slow. Now on the do-it-for-me side of the business, we continue to gain share, both in our existing markets and even more robustly in the acquired markets. So those ticket counts are -- increases are more than offsetting the DIY pressure.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is there -- if you look at the tickets on the DIY side, I guess, you sort of talked about an industry-wide trend of fewer repairs but of larger magnitude. Is that playing out on the DIY side of the business as well?
Gregory L. Henslee: We see that on both sides of the business, yes.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. and then just quickly by way of follow-up, I know you said inflation was not really a factor. I'm asking that as it relates to comp rather than gross margin and the whole LIFO theme. As you look forward to 2014, as you look at raw material costs and other factors, any anticipation of the impact that you would expect from inflation?
Thomas G. McFall: For the foreseeable future, we don't see a catalyst out there that's going to drive our acquisition costs higher and sale prices higher. So we're not expecting to see for the foreseeable future comps driven as much by inflation as we've seen in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from Simeon Gutman with Credit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just looking at Q3 relative to Q2, and Tom, you said that DIY was a little slow or slower, can you talk about whether that's just industry, macro or weather or was it market share that you could identify?
Gregory L. Henslee: I think we've been saying that it would just be more macro. And maybe not so much industry related, but I would relate it more to the fact that the DIY customers are typically customers that are -- and many have worked on their own cars because they are economically incentivized to do that. They really can't afford to have their car worked on, so they try to do some of the jobs themselves. And I think some of the things that have happened of late with the governmental shutdown and those kinds of things, us maybe not having as quite as hot a weather as what we would have typically had in the summertime, those things probably put a little bit of pressure on the DIY. I think that from an industry standpoint, that everyone agrees that the do-it-for-me business is growing a little bit faster than the DIY but -- business just as a result of the complexity of vehicles and the expertise that it takes to do some of the drivability-type repairs, and we would expect that trend to continue into the future.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up. I think I got the relationship right that the gross margin benefited from being a little less promotional this year. Can you talk just about the trade-off there? And is this an intention? Is this a posture you plan on going forward? And do you think had you been a little more promotional on a tougher day, you could have gotten better comps? I'm just thinking about the return there.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. It really is a timing thing. We plan our promotions based on a variety of things, including the timing with vendors related to their preference on oil change specials and some of those kinds of things. The primary difference here is just some pretty aggressive oil change specials we had running during that period last year that we didn't have running at the same time this year. Really, nothing has changed. But it did have an impact, and it was a positive from a gross margin perspective and probably did put some pressure on sales during the quarter. And definitely, as we look at it from a category-by-category basis, those categories that we were promoting last year didn't perform nearly as well from a sales standpoint towards the end of the period as they performed last year, but they, of course, performed much better from a gross margin perspective. So it's just typical promotions. Nothing has changed with the way we do it. Strictly a timing thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to follow up on that one as well. I mean, you mentioned -- it sounds like you really believe that the promotional changes, what drove some of the slower trends into the end of the quarter, I mean, is there anything that you've seen in -- around the government shutdown leading in, coming out that would suggest that there was an impact, probably temporary but there was an impact commercial versus DIY? Was there a difference in those businesses as well related to that?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, here's what I would say, Chris, that our DIY business definitely slowed down towards the end of the quarter more -- pretty dramatically. And we related it directly to the difference in the promotional activity that we were running last year in those categories that we're promoting. At the same time, this whole government shutdown and the bickering that's been going on in Washington, was going on, I think has informed, as most people are these days, because of the news agencies and smartphones and all that kind of stuff. I think it creates uncertainty, especially when people are living paycheck to paycheck and we're talking about defaulting on our sovereign debt and all the things that are discussed on TV and news agencies. So a lot of people don't really understand. They just think it's bad and can't be good for them. And then also, the impending health care debate and whether or not people are going to have to spend the money next year to have health care in order to abide by the law and what that means, and what's going to happen with their employer-sponsored health care when many are delaying their open enrollment because they are trying to figure out how to do this and what's the right thing to do, and they want to be competitive with other companies when it comes to the health care. We had all of us rapping a burden, a little more expense. So there's just a lot of uncertainties, I think, that also contribute to DIY softness. So far this quarter, we have seen our DIY business doing better, and our overall business has been solid, as I said. So I think the government saying, hey, we're going to get along for a while here, I'm trying to work this out, I think that has helped calm some nerves and things are maybe a little more back to normal.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Perfect. And then 2 more quick follow-ups. As you think about sort of -- what sort of weather backdrop are you expecting in the fourth quarter? It's been pretty shaky over the past couple of years. Do you think that -- as you see the outlook, do you think it's going to be more favorable this year?
Thomas G. McFall: I'll [indiscernible].
Gregory L. Henslee: All right, you go ahead.
Thomas G. McFall: When we come up with our guidance, we will look at pricing trends and we will look at our business trends. We always project weather to be normal.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then last question. Just as you build inventory for these new DCs, how -- assuming that you're buying cheaper, is that part of the reason why you'll have a gross margin tailwind as the year progresses next year?
Thomas G. McFall: The new DCs really won't have a significant impact on our gross margin. It will have a little bit of headwind when they first open as they're not as efficient, although we're spreading it out across a large base. So that's the distribution cost standpoint. When we look at gross margin tailwinds next year, although we haven't given guidance, when we get beyond signing up some of the last few big deals we have and the impacts from our LIFO, when those subside, we're going to see that pressure released, and we'd expect to see higher margins in the back half of the year. And it really doesn't relate back to DCs or DC openings. We really try to focus our deals with our suppliers on how much product we're going to move over a period of time.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess I was just -- I always thought with LIFO that if you were buying, you're basically going to be flat inventory year-to-year right now. But as you step up presumably buy -- inventory growth year-over-year, that ends up being -- when you're buying lower, that ends up being a benefit in the LIFO calculation.
Thomas G. McFall: It won't impact our LIFO calculation as much as our capitalized distribution costs for more inventory, that helps to offset the value, the cost. The cap is a recognition of the value of putting more salable inventory in place in those costs you burden. So it really doesn't run through LIFO.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Greg, just following up on inflation. You noted that it's going to run below normal range, I believe is what you said in your prepared comments. What was the normal range? As I recall, it was around 2%. Correct me if I'm wrong. And then curious as to why the inflation rate is less. It's my understanding it's not just what's happening with copper and steel prices, but parts are more technologically sophisticated than they used to be. Therefore, the engineering costs are higher, and that's contributed to that historic inflation rate. So why would that not have continued?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, I think at some point, it most likely will continue. Our historic rate's been more in the 1% to 2% range, 1.5%, something like that. We're expecting it to be pretty flat. A big part of that's driven by commodities as oil prices have increased. And we're still seeing as much of that of late. And other commodities, too, [indiscernible] and some things like that. I think over time, we do move back into more of an inflationary environment, that as we've continued to grow and some of the other companies have continued to grow, we all buy well, it's harder, I think, for manufacturers to pass price increases through to these larger companies that operate very efficiently from a supply chain perspective. And we just went through a period and would expect to continue to go through a period in the upcoming year where we wouldn't expect there to be as much inflation, unless something were to happen that drove commodity prices up. And then we want to see some.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And as a follow-up question, back when you bought CSK, operating margins in the core business were running about 12%. As I recall, CSK's operating margins were around 5%. And now, we're looking at the combined organization somewhere between a 16% and 17% operating margin. So you could make a case there's been about 1,000 basis points of synergies coming out of CSK. When you look at where you exceeded the initial forecast from 5 years ago with the integration, was that mainly in product acquisition costs?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, a big part of it was product acquisition costs for sure. We've -- and a lot of that's due to a lot of factors. One, just the size and the buying power we have. A lot of it's efficiencies that we have created in supply chain from a -- just a supply standpoint, buying through vendors here in the U.S. but buying more product from overseas manufacturers and things like that. But yes, it has exceeded what we thought would be -- I think the majority of the synergy has come through improved gross margin.
Thomas G. McFall: But Dan, what I would add to that is CSK's operating margin of 5% was -- they were working pretty hard to keep that number down. So a lot of it is operational execution. So they should not have been at 5%. Should they have been at the 12% that we were at, there are some differences in leases and things like that. But part of getting their 5% up to 12% is just executing the business better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just, I guess, another question related to CSK. If you could -- you talk about sort of core versus converted stores. At this point, sales productivity, how those compare, and where you see -- I guess my math suggests they're pretty comparable at this point in terms of sales per store or sales per square foot. Where could you see -- if I'm right about that, where could the converted stores get to over time given that you're particularly growing the commercial business? That's my first question.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, to some degree, comparing the core O'Reilly stores to the CSK stores is a little bit comparing apples to oranges because of the -- as a company, it was a young company and expanding. We expanded into a lot of rural markets that really never had the top line potential that many of the metro stores that we put in as a more mature company at core O'Reilly and CSK was in when we bought them. So CSK has the potential to have the majority of the -- what was CSK has the potential to have a majority of their stores at a pretty high top line and more comparable with the metro stores that core O'Reilly has. If we compare the metro stores at core O'Reilly to the CSK metro stores, the core O'Reilly stores still outperformed the CSK stores. There's still a lot of upside on the CSK. The core O'Reilly stores are -- as a whole are dragged down a little bit by the rural stores that we operate. They just don't have that top line potential. So core O'Reilly would still be probably a little higher in those metro stores, but we -- we're working those CSK stores up to that level. And then, in some cases, we'll surpass core O'Reilly because they're -- we're in some really good markets out West that have a lot of market potential, and we're just in the process of gaining that -- forming market share, and we still have a lot of room to grow.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then as it relates to just back -- yet another question on the gross margin. So when you talk about the deals that -- signing near term between now and, let's say, first quarter, the impact there, that is the unit cap? In other words, just increased capitalized distribution costs? That's the drag from that?
Thomas G. McFall: No, we got a little -- we had a combined question back a few questions ago. There's 2 issues. There's -- these new deals are going to be a pressure on us from a LIFO accounting standpoint and create short-term margin as we write all our inventory down to those new deal prices. The other issue was a question on new DCs, and we'll see higher capitalized distribution costs next year, which is recognition for all these DCs we're going to put in place and additional inventory we'll have in salable position. And that will be a net 0 on gross margin as the capitalization of those values offset the increased cost of new DCs.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, so -- and in summary, you're looking for flattish year-over-year gross margin in the fourth quarter and the first quarter because of the, I guess, benefit from improved product acquisition costs over time?
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. The short-term pain for the long-term gain, yes.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS. We'll take the next question. We have Jack Dulles with Focus Research.
Unknown Analyst: I was wondering, when you took over CSK, did you have some distractions that benefited competition the way you might expect to happen with Advanced Auto Parts?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, that's a good question, Jack. I'd like to say no, we didn't. But I can tell you that when you do something like this, it takes a lot of energy, and it takes a lot of focus from the -- not only the top management of the company but the field team members that you put in place to do that. What we did during the CSK acquisition was we really relied on our field operations management to run the core O'Reilly stores and keep things headed the right direction. I think they did a great job. But there's -- it always takes a lot of energy out of the top management of the company to absorb the kind of acquisition that we did with CSK and Advance is working on integrating with GPI. So the answer would be yes, sure it did. It takes some out. And you do the best you can to avoid materializing in market share loss, but there's certainly that possibility that exists with any acquisition of this size.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, I assume that you're still able to pretty well service your commercial accounts, I see.
Gregory L. Henslee: Oh, yes. Yes, we kept -- we were -- we kept our eye on the ball. And all the things that -- really what you try to do, Jack, is you try to make -- the stores that are in operation that are operating and servicing customers, you try to make it a non-issue for them. You make it something that they read about on our newsletters and our communications, but you make it something that doesn't impact them. Where it can become distracting is where you're trying to maybe adapt the business to the changing market conditions, something the competitor is doing. There's just not quite as much focus on that from a top management standpoint as there would you if you weren't integrating a company. So that would be generally where I'm coming from.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. One last question. Regarding SG&A, which was down for the entire company, I think there was a comment made that SG&A per store was up 0.75%. Can you explain that difference?
Gregory L. Henslee: Would you take it?
Thomas G. McFall: The increase in SG&A on a -- we leverage total SG&A. But if we look at broad dollars, the growth was 0.75% per store, which is what we're expecting for the full year.
Unknown Analyst: In other words, you went up 0.75% per store in an upward direction despite the entire company being down?
Thomas G. McFall: Oh, we're talking about dollar -- the 0.7% is dollar increase per store, Jack.
Unknown Analyst: Oh, I'm sorry. I thought it was a percentage. Okay, that's good.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay, thank you, Ellen. I'd like to once again thank everyone, every member of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and their dedication to our ongoing success. You've proven time and time again that the relentless focus on providing consistent, excellent customer service is the key to our long-term, profitable growth. We remain committed to executing our proven business model in every existing and new markets that we enter. We are confident that we'll continue to gain market share by focusing on satisfying each customer who calls or walks into our stores. Thanks to everyone for their time today, and we look forward to reporting our 2013 fourth quarter and full year results in early February. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the O'Reilly Automotive Incorporated Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff M. Shaw - Executive Vice-President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Sam Reid - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive Inc.'s Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Robert, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Mr. McFall, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Robert. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Ted Wise, our Executive Vice President of Expansion are also present. It's my pleasure to once again congratulate Team O'Reilly on another outstanding performance in the second quarter made possible by our unwavering commitment to providing consistently excellent service to our valued customers. We're very proud of our team's ability to generate comparable store sales growth of 6.5%, which exceeded the 4% to 6% comp guidance we set for the second quarter. Our second quarter comp store sales was a significant sequential improvement from our first quarter results of 0.6% or 1.9% adjusted for Leap Day, driven by continued strong business trends and aided by more normal weather patterns and the timing of the Easter holiday. These strong business trends that started in the fourth quarter of 2012 have continued and are reflected in the steady improvements in our 2-year stack going from 7.5% in the fourth quarter of last year to 8% in the first quarter of this year to 9% last quarter. We're also very pleased that our strong sales performance in the second quarter reflected profitable growth as we successfully increased our gross profit percentage and continued our diligent expense control resulting in a record operating profit of 17.3%, the first time our company has ever exceeded 17% for a quarter. Our profitable market share growth translated into a 22% increase in operating profit dollars, which, combined with our ongoing share repurchase program, yielded a 37% increase in earnings per share. Each of our 60,000-plus Team Members should be proud of this record-setting performance, and I would like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for their contribution in generating these outstanding results in the second quarter. Moving on to more detail around the sales performance in the quarter, we saw very consistent strong business trends throughout the quarter with very similar comp store sales growth each month after adjusting for the number of Sundays. The outperformance in the quarter versus the guidance we set on our first quarter call was primarily driven by strong May comp store sales, which had the toughest comparisons versus the prior year. However, both April and June also exceeded our expectations. The cold weather markets, which had presented a headwind over the last several quarters as a result of the mild winter of 2012, bounced back as expected. Spring demand in categories we typically associate with normal winter weather conditions, including brakes, ride control and driveline, returned to more normal trends and supported the comparable store sales improvements in the cold weather markets. It's important to note that our non-cold weather markets also performed very well and the strong comps we generated in the quarter were driven by company-wide performance rather than solely by a catch-up of deferred demand in the cold weather markets. Because of the very non-typical weather impact over the past year or so, we have spent more time talking about weather than we would ideally like. However, our view is that the impact from weather has now normalized, and we are looking forward to setting aside our remedial meteorological skills for some time to come. The acquired markets again outperformed the rest of the chain, driven by our continued progress in capturing commercial market share. The outperformance gap in the second quarter was less than we have seen in the past, which is consistent with our expectations since our core stores represent a much higher percentage at the cold weather markets and benefited from the rebound in these markets. As Jeff will discuss in some detail in his comments regarding expansion later in the call, we remain very excited about the opportunities to drive strong sales results across the country in both established and in new markets. As we've seen for some time now, increases in the average ticket continued to strongly support our sales growth in the quarter due to the higher cost of parts associated with the increasing complexity and longevity of vehicles on the road today, as well as a mix benefit as we generate a larger percentage of our sales in hard parts categories, which carry a higher average ticket. Increased traffic was also a contributor during the quarter. Moving on to a quick review of industry fundamentals. We continue to be very confident in our positive outlook on the long-term drivers of our business. We view a recovering rate of new vehicle sales as a positive indicator of the health of our consumer, and we also believe it supports the long-term fundamentals of our industry as it adds to the 245 million vehicle population characterized by stable scrappage rates and an increasing average age, which now exceeds 11 years. Vehicles today are simply better engineered and manufactured to stay roadworthy longer and go through more routine maintenance and repair cycles as consumers continue to realize the value of investing in these higher-quality vehicles. After some softness earlier in the year, vehicle miles driven appear to have stabilized with April and May results being back -- May was 0.9 and 1.2. We believe consumers have largely adjusted to the impact of the lapsing of the payroll tax holiday and the combination of an improving unemployment rate and a recovering rate of new vehicle sales point to the improving health of consumers. We're encouraged by these positive signs, but would emphasize that improvements in unemployment have been gradual and the overall rate is still at historically high levels. As a result, we continue to believe consumers are facing a high degree of economic uncertainty and we could face short-term headwinds as a result of these macro pressures. Generally speaking, we remain confident that as the overall health of the economy continues to improve, our industry will benefit from increased miles driven and decreased deferred maintenance. As we look forward to the third quarter, we are expecting our strong business trends to continue, and we are establishing a comparable store sales guidance range of 4% to 6%. Our third quarter benefits from having 1 less Sunday and the easiest comparison 2012. So the 2-year comp stack at the midpoint of our guidance is a deceleration from the second quarter. However, I would remind everyone that our soft third quarter comp results from last year were significantly impacted by extremely strong results in 2010 and 2011. Looking at the 3- and 4-year comp stack is instructive to understanding our third quarter guidance. As we've discussed in the past, we generated our comp store sales guidance by forecasting our expected dollar volumes and calculating comps based on those volumes. And the third quarter range reflects a continuation of the strong volume performance we have seen thus far in 2013. As we move through the summer, we are also cautious regarding the impact of potential headwinds from macroeconomic pressures, including rising gas prices. Through the second quarter, gas prices were stable and relatively comparable with last year, but prices have begun to tick up in the third quarter and could rise further as crude oil prices impact the price at the pump. So far, July is off to a good start, and thus far in the third quarter, we are on plan to achieve our guidance range. Our full year comparable stores guidance -- comparable store sales guidance remains at 3% to 5% after generating comps within our expected range through the first half of the year. In addition to driving strong sales growth, we are very pleased with our outstanding gross margin performance in the second quarter. Sequentially, our second quarter margin improved 45 basis points from the first quarter driven by acquisition cost and product mix improvements and increased distribution costs leveraged through continued efficiency initiatives and higher volumes. On a year-over-year basis compared to the second quarter of 2012 our 94 basis point improvement was the result of merchandise margin improvements in both product acquisition and pricing management and improved shrink results. As we look to the back half of the year, we expect to continue to see solid merchandise margins and distribution improvements, but we also expect to face some headwind from our LIFO accounting, which Tom will discuss in detail in a few minutes. As a result, our gross margin for the second half of the year will be stronger than our initial estimates but more along the lines of our first quarter rate than that of the second quarter. Factoring in these expectations and our outperformance in the second quarter, we are raising our full year gross margin guidance from a range of 50% to 50.4% to a range of 50.3% to 50.7%. Thus far in 2013, market pricing has remained rational and inflation has been within normal expected ranges, and our guidance forecast is predicated on both of these items being stable in the back half of the year. Next, I would like to switch gears and provide an update on an ongoing initiative we discussed last quarter. At the beginning of the second quarter, we began the pilot of a loyalty card program geared toward enhancing our DIY customer engagement and capturing an increased share of business on this side of the market. We're excited about the opportunities the loyalty program presents to target promotions to our customers, create initiatives to capture a larger percentage of our customers' business and accumulate customer purchase histories to direct our marketing efforts. We are pleased to report that the initial results of this pilot have been very positive, both because we have received positive feedback from our customers and also because the pilot has identified some opportunities to enhance the program to make it even more customer-friendly. We are aggressively working through these enhancements and now expect to roll out the loyalty program to the full chain at the beginning of the fourth quarter versus our initial end of second quarter target date. Finally, before I turn the call over to Jeff to discuss some exciting new expansion plans, I want to touch briefly on our progress with the VIP acquisition. We are on plan and have worked through much of the physical integration of the 56 stores we acquired in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts and are in the process of deploying the additional inventory necessary to put these stores in the commercial business. As we've discussed on previous calls, this acquisition will not have an immediate impact on our operations in 2013 but provides us with a springboard for additional expansion in the Northeast, and we have been pleased with our initial assessment of new store opportunities in these markets. In closing, I would like to once again congratulate our Team Members for their outstanding performance in the second quarter and thank them for continuing to provide the absolute best service in our industry to our customers every day. Because of your commitment and dedication to our company's success, I am more confident than ever that Team O'Reilly will continue to execute our strategy and lead our industry. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw.
Jeff M. Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to join Greg in thanking Team O'Reilly for their excellent performance in the second quarter. Our teams delivered on the increased comp expectations and drove sales growth at record levels of profitability. Most importantly, Team O'Reilly demonstrated their rock-solid commitment to providing the best customer service in the industry. I'd like to begin my comments today with some exciting distribution operation news. As we've discussed many times, our ability to provide top-notch customer service in our stores is dependent on the work our distribution center teams do to get the right parts to our stores faster than our competitors. The importance of parts availability is a driver behind our long-term investment in our robust regional DC network. That investment continues as we're pleased to announce we've acquired property to build a new DC in Naperville, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago. First, I'd like to provide some details on the rationale behind the decision to add to our DC network in an existing market. As the third largest population center in the U.S., Chicago is an important market for us and we currently have a strong market position with over 100 stores in the greater Chicago metropolitan area, though we have a tremendous opportunity to increase our market share. Our current distribution strategy in this market has been in line with our industry-leading model with 5-night-a-week delivery to our Chicago stores from our Indianapolis DC, supplemented with additional inventory availability at hub stores located in the Chicago market. With the additional inventory provided by a DC location in the Chicago market, we can provide same-day access to the full breadth of our products to all of our customers in this market. The 360,000 square foot facility, which is slated to open in third quarter of 2014, can service up to 250 stores in Chicago and the surrounding markets. As we've discussed several times in the past, the single most important factor in earning the business of our customers is the ability to provide the parts our customers need faster than the competition, and the addition of the Chicago DC will provide us with a significant competitive advantage in one of our largest markets. The second benefit of the new Chicago DC will be the additional capacity it will free up in existing DCs, primarily Indianapolis, Minneapolis and Des Moines, which will support growth opportunities for backfill in existing markets and new market expansion. Some of this additional capacity will be created in DCs which are running at or above optimal capacity and the transfer of stores to the new Chicago DC will allow our DC network in the region to continue to provide outstanding service while driving efficiencies at more optimal store counts and shorter truck routes. Expanding on our distribution expansion strategy, I'm pleased to report we've continued to make great progress on the construction of our 390,000 square foot DC in Lakeland, Florida and we're on schedule to open on time in Q1 2014. This DC will support our expansion into Central and Southern Florida where we're aggressively opening stores. The Florida market leads our store growth with 14 new stores in the second quarter and 19 year-to-date. We've been very pleased with the early performance of this market. Our DC operations team has a proven ability to quickly and effectively bring new DCs online to strategically support our stores, which has always been a competitive advantage for us. Our DC operations team has the ability to effectively execute on multiple new locations at once as evidenced by the flurry of DCs our team opened during the CSK integration, and we're very confident in continuing that success with our current and future expansion plans. While we're on the expansion front, I want to spend a few minutes discussing our expansion on the West Coast. In the 5 years after the acquisition of CSK, we've invested a tremendous amount of capital in DCs, stores and the inventory on the West Coast, as well as a tremendous amount of our management team's focus to improve our leadership and execution, growing our business in the acquired markets. We've made great gains in growing our market share but still have a great opportunity to grow our business in existing locations. That said, with the conversion work behind us and the long site development time frame met, we're finally hitting our stride in growing greenfield into the large amount of attractive Western markets. Year-to-date, we've opened 10 new locations in California and we see significant additional opportunities for store growth in the Western markets. With the opportunities on the horizon to grow our store base in the Northeast that Greg discussed earlier, the backfill capacity created with the Chicago DC and in the Western U.S. and the new market opportunities in Florida and other expansion markets, we're in an excellent position to continue our history of profitable organic growth and we're on track to open 190 net new locations in 2013. Changing gears a bit to our store-level execution, we've definitely seen the benefits of our investments in our distribution network and the last year's inventory investment. We're beginning to annualize the 2012 store level inventory additions, and the investments continue to support our store team's ability to provide top-notch customer service and grow the business. As we've discussed on this call for several quarters now, we remain focused on prudently adjusting store staffing levels to keep customer service high and grow our business while also managing our expenses. Our history has shown us that providing consistent top-notch customer service and not sacrificing that service during tough comp quarters will drive results over the long term. This quarter is a great example of our ability to see the result of our unwavering service level commitment to our customers. To provide a little color to our execution with some numbers, SG&A leveraged 75 basis points on the strong comparable store sales of 6.5%. Year-to-date, SG&A has delevered 7 basis points, which was driven by the tough comp comparisons in the first quarter, and is tracking slightly below our expectations of flat SG&A percentage at this point in the year. Our SG&A dollars were a little higher than expected in the second quarter based on higher-than-expected conversion and payroll cost in the VIP stores, higher-than-planned bonus expenses driven by our strong profit performance and additional legal expenses for general operational items. For the remainder of the year, we'll continue to tightly manage our SG&A expenses, but based on our year-to-date results and the expectation that VIP conversion costs will continue to run higher than planned, we're raising our full year per store SG&A growth guidance from approximately 0.5% to a range of 0.5% to 1%. Finally, I want to touch on an initiative we discussed on the first quarter call. Over the past few months, we've rolled out to our professional customers a redesigned proprietary business-to-business platform named First Call Online. The enhancements of our platform were designed to give our professional shops access to enriched product content and images with more effective search and identification features. The initial feedback has been very positive. Customer adoption has been strong in the first phase of the rollout, and the redesigned system is meeting and exceeding the goal of providing a tool for our customers to improve their efficiency in locating and ordering parts and moving vehicles through their base. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would once again like to congratulate our store and distribution center teams for an excellent quarter and thank them for their continued hard work and dedication to serving our customers. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. Now we'll move on to the numbers and a little more color on our guidance. Comparable store sales for the quarter increased 6.5% on top of prior year's comps of 2.5%. Both DIY and professional contributed to the increase, with professional again leading the way by solid growth in our acquired Western markets, as well as strong results in our core markets. Both average ticket and ticket comp contributed strongly to the positive increase in comparable store sales. For the quarter, sales increased $152 million, comprised of $100 million increase in comp store sales, a $52 million increase in non-comp store sales and flat non-comp non-store sales. As Greg mentioned, we are setting our third quarter comparable store sales guidance of 4% to 6%, which is unchanged from our internal expectations created at the beginning of the year. Year-to-date, our comparable store sales increased 3.6% on top of prior year's comps of 4.9% and were within our expected range as weather partners have normalized. For the full year, sales and comparable store sales guidance for 2013 have remained unchanged from the beginning of the year at $6.6 billion to $6.7 billion in sales and a 3% to 5% increase in comparable store sales based on expected continued solid sales volumes in the back half of the year. As Greg discussed, our gross margin results exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Gross margin as a percent of sales for the quarter increased 94 basis points over the prior year to 50.8% of sales, driven by strong merchandise margins resulting from improved acquisition costs, pricing management and solid shrink results. Sequentially, our second quarter gross margin as a percent of sales improved 45 basis points over our strong first quarter results, driven by improved acquisition costs, favorable product mix and increased leverage of our distribution costs on higher sales volumes. As we continue to realize acquisition cost benefits from incremental better purchasing power with our vendors, these product acquisitions -- excuse me, we continue to realize acquisition cost benefits from incrementally better purchasing power with our vendors. These product acquisition cost reductions may outpace inflation in the near-term, reducing our LIFO reserve to a LIFO debit. The practice in our industry when this situation occurs is not consistent. However, should our LIFO inventory exceed the value of replacement cost, we will select the conservative approach and not write up our inventory value beyond replacement cost. To the extent we see acquisition cost improvements while on a 0 LIFO reserve balance, it will create a headwind to gross margin over some period of time. Despite the oddities of LIFO accounting, acquisition cost decreases are positive to our business generating increased profit dollars at the point of sale and will benefit our gross margin percentage in the long run. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, we expect to continue to generate solid merchandise margins at the point of sale, offset in part by the potential LIFO headwinds and gain traction from our distribution efficiencies. However, we will anniversary the benefits we realized in the third and fourth quarters of 2012 from the larger than typical amount of capitalized distribution costs associated with our store level inventory enhancement initiative last year. As a reminder, the store stack up inventory movements last year were more efficient than normal orders, so we realized a benefit related to capitalized distribution costs during this initiative. Based on these factors and our year-to-date results, we're raising our full year gross margin as a percent of sales guidance to 50.3% to 50.7%. SG&A for the quarter was 33.6% of sales versus 34.3% the prior year and was generally in line with our expectations. This 75 basis point improvement in SG&A as a percent of sales is attributable to leverage on strong comps. Through the first 6 months of the year, SG&A as a percent of sales versus the prior year was down 7 basis points due to the tough comparison in the first quarter of this year. As Jeff discussed earlier, we expect to continue to see slightly higher-than-planned conversion in payroll costs at the acquired VIP stores in the back half of the year, and as a result, we now expect our full year per store SG&A increase to be 0.5% to 1%, up slightly from our previous guidance of an increase of 0.5%. Operating profit as a percent of sales for the quarter was 17.3%, which is a 169 basis point improvement over the prior year and represents our all-time high quarterly operating profit. For the first half of 2013, operating profit as a percent of sales improved 71 basis points to 16.6% of sales. Based on our strong year-to-date results, the revised gross margin expectations, we're raising our full year operating profit as a percent of sales to 16% to 16.4%, up from our previous guidance of 15.8% to 16.2%. Diluted earnings per share for the second quarter was $1.58 per share, which represents an increase of 37%. For the first 6 months, diluted earnings per share was $2.94 per share, which represents an increase of 28%. Our year-to-date EPS benefited from a tax rate of 37.1% of pretax income versus a rate of 38.2% for the first 6 months of 2012. As a reminder, this beneficial rate was the result of a positive resolution of income tax audits and the benefit of certain job tax credits in the first quarter of 2013. We continue to expect a full year tax rate of approximately 37.4% of pretax income. For the third quarter, we're establishing diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.60 to $1.64. Based on our above-plan results in the second quarter and additional shares repurchased since our last call, for the full year, we're raising our guidance to $5.79 to $5.89 per share. As a reminder, our diluted earnings per share guidance for both the third quarter and the full year take into account the shares we repurchased through yesterday, but do not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. Moving to the balance sheet. Our average inventory per store at the end of the second quarter was $574,000, up 3% from $556,000 at the end of the second quarter of 2012 and in line with our per store inventory at the end of 2012. We continue to project inventory per store to be flat in 2013 as we continue to identify opportunities accretive to our existing investments into more productive inventory. At the end of the second quarter, our AP to inventory ratio was 87.8%, up from 79.2% at the end of the second quarter of 2012 and 84.7% at the end of 2012. The year-to-date increase is better than expected primarily due to the timing of payments. For the full year, we continue to expect our AP to inventory ratio to be flat with the end of 2012. Earlier in July, we announced the second amendment to our credit facility, which extended the maturity date, reduced the spreads for borrowings and reduced our facility fees, equating to a 25 basis point decrease on drawn funds. This amendment is also a benefit to our vendor planning financing program as it will allow for reduced spreads for our vendors in the program. These more attractive rates allow us to continue to reduce overall supply chain costs while also providing the opportunity for extending payment terms. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $103 million, bringing year-to-date CapEx to $177 million, which was slightly below our expectations. However, as Jeff discussed, we will begin construction of a new DC in Chicago and the additional expenditures associated with this project will bring us back into the expected full year range of $385 million to $415 million. For the quarter, cash flow declined to $110 million versus $201 million in 2012 caused solely by the dramatic improvement we made in our net inventory investments in 2012 driven by the rapid growth in our vendor financing program. We have not changed our full year free cash flow expectations and are maintaining our original guidance range of $450 million to $500 million. Next, I'll provide you with an update of our share repurchase program. During the second quarter, we've repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares with an aggregate cost of $274 million at an average price of $107.61. Subsequent to the end of the second quarter and through the date of this earnings release, we repurchased approximately 0.5 million shares at an average price of $113.66, bringing our cumulative year-to-date repurchases to 5.5 million shares. Our cumulative share repurchases since the inception of our program at January of 2011 through yesterday were 37.6 million shares at an average price of $79.27, and we have $521 million remaining under our current board-approved share repurchase authorization. As we've discussed several times since the inception of our repurchase program, we continue to believe the best use of our cash is to reinvest back into our business, but we continue to view buybacks as an effective use of excess available cash, and we'll continue to opportunistically execute the program moving forward. At the end of the second quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.98x. With the issuance of our $300 million senior notes in June, we expected to enter the lower end of our long-term targeted leverage range of 2 to 2.25x, but our strong second quarter EBITDA results dropped us just below this range. We continue to believe that our established target leverage range represents the appropriate capital structure for our company, and we'll continue to incrementally move toward entering that range. However, we are also very committed to maintaining or improving our investment-grade credit ratings. Before we turn the call over to the operator to take your questions, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our store, DC and headquarter Team Members for their commitment to our company's success. As we've grown over the years, you've never forgotten that the basic premise of taking care of customers is what made O'Reilly so successful and will be the key to our future profitable growth. Thank you again for your hard work. At this time, I'd like to ask Robert, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Dan Wewer from Raymond James.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Greg, if I wrote down my notes correctly, you're indicating that commercial was stronger than do-it-yourself.
Gregory L. Henslee: That's correct, yes.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: That you're seeing cold weather markets rebounding, you're seeing some of the maintenance businesses, such as brakes, recovering, and yet this seems to be a significant divergence with commentary from Monro Muffler this morning. Can you give us a bit more insight, is there like a massive market share shift that's taking place to O'Reilly's advantage, or are you seeing strength in different types of commercial customers than you have in the past?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, what I would say is that from our side, it's a little hard to tell when you're gaining market share or not without having all of us report at the same time and so forth. What I would say is that our DIY business was the best we've seen it for a long time and the gap between our DIY and commercial was closer this past quarter than it's been for a while. Our CSK markets continue to outperform the core O'Reilly markets by a smaller margin as the core O'Reilly markets continue to improve a little bit. And then on a by category basis, some of the things like brakes, maybe some other categories that were -- and chassis, that were affected by weather in the cold weather markets more than would be typical, I think they've rebounded for us. I don't know about the whole industry. I didn't have a chance to read Monro's report yet, so I don't know what they experienced, but our experience was is that many of these maintenance and repair categories recovered nicely for us. And it wasn't just the cold weather markets. We've seen kind of the recovery in some of the warm weather markets also, which indicate that some of the maintenance and repair items that have been deferred that there's been a little bit of catch up on some of that deferred maintenance and hopefully that continues. Like I said, our -- so far in July, the trend has continued and business has been pretty good. So we're pretty happy with how we performed and how the industry appears to be performing from our perspective. But again, it's hard for us to know how the whole industry does in these short windows of time without having public reports from all the other players.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. And then just as a follow-up question, there continues to be a significant number of acquisition opportunities that are shopped around. Can you remind us what type of acquisitions would now be of interest to O'Reilly? Are they more small acquisitions of independent jobbers to grow your commercial business in acquired markets at a faster rate, or are you still inclined to look at more VIP-type acquisitions that are, perhaps, still available?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, the acquisitions that mean the most to us are ones that put us in a new geography, so where we don't have stores today. If we can acquire a company -- and they would typically be smaller companies, as you said, where they establish an O'Reilly presence in a market where we don't exist, those are of most value to us. But there is some value to gaining market share in existing markets through acquisitions, but of course, it's harder to pay a price that may seem like a good price to the seller in those situations because we're already there and have a piece of the market. But we're opportunistic acquirers of companies in our industry and plan to continue to consolidate where it makes sense for us, so we're always open to looking at acquisitions that make sense for us and we actively do that. As we will expand in these markets where we don't have a presence, we'll continue to look at some of the smaller players. But that's not to say that a larger acquisition couldn't make sense to us, but it would have to be rationalized considering the fact that we would have significant overlap with any of the larger companies that could potentially be acquired at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alan Rifkin from Barclays.
Sam Reid - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Sam Reid pinch hitting in for Alan Rifkin. I just have a quick question from -- it's kind of actually a follow-up question from your last conference call. How much would you guys say of your comps this quarter would be attributable to delayed tax returns finally being spent at your stores? Have you guys done some work around that?
Gregory L. Henslee: We -- I don't know, Sam. That's a good question. It's just hard to know where your customers' money comes from. They -- there's no question that there was a delay in some of the things that people put off, spend money on when they get their taxes back. It's just one of those things that we don't have a good way of measuring. There's no question that they were definitely deferred. And since we don't cash the IRS checks, then we don't have a measurement there. So it's a good question, but I would say that some piece of our second quarter revenue was driven by people that were using tax refund money to fix up things that they had deferred on their cars.
Sam Reid - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Fair enough. And then my second question here, I think in the past you guys have suggested inflation would trend about 1% to 1.5% this year. I was wondering if that's correct and if you guys still see that as kind of the ongoing trend for the remainder of the year.
Thomas G. McFall: Sam, this is Tom. We're experiencing what we would say would be relatively normal levels of price inflation, and we'd continue to expect, for the remainder of the year, that will fall within that range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Balter from Credit Suisse.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First question is, we noticed in visiting stores you've expanded out some of your retail offerings and really improved the presentation there. Can you talk about what's going on in retail because your comps in retail have been stronger than the competitors? Are you pleased with what you've seen as it rolled out to all the stores, et cetera?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, our retail comps are good. This past quarter is the best retail quarter we've had for some time, and we see a significant growth opportunity for us on the retail side of the business just by virtue of comparing the amount of retail business that we do as compared to what some of our competitors do retail who have a little richer retail business mix than what we have. So with that in mind, we kind of -- we've worked to improve the adjacency at some of the product offerings we have in our display areas, the planograms and the products on those planograms and making sure that we've optimized the categories that we carry out front and that we just put ourselves in a position to be the best DIY retail supplier that we can be. And then that's also driven by some of the things that we're doing from a marketing and advertising standpoint, including our loyalty program, which will give us a way to better tie ourselves to customers and market directly to customers who have an interest in receiving information and discounts and things from us. So we're pretty excited about how we're doing in retail and how we feel like we'll continue to do in the future. But that said, we've -- our foundation is on the professional side or the commercial side of the business, and we continue to work to enhance those relationships and make sure that we don't do anything to sacrifice what we view as a pretty dominant position we have on the professional side of the business.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And just a follow-up, the parts lookup system, could you update us on if that's now rolled in, how the employees are using that and has it made a difference in your results?
Gregory L. Henslee: Jeff, you want to answer that?
Jeff M. Shaw: Yes, I mean, the O'Cat's fully rolled out. The feedback we get from the field, it's a much better catalog than we had previously. We can update it much quicker than we could previously. We have several things that we're working on to continue to enhance O'Cat. We just rolled out a kind of a powersports part in O'Cat and several more things on the slate moving forward. But all in all, it's working out very well. Field's very, very happy with it.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, the thing that this really does for us, Gary, it gives us a platform on which to communicate with our Team Members on a by-part basis. So if we know that the issue that a customer may be having with a particular part requires that the part be compared to a picture that you can rotate or see multiple sides of, we now have the ability to make sure that our Team Members have on their computer screens what they really need to sell a part, and we're leveraging that to make sure that we just do a better job at point of sale. This comes into play both on the professional side and the retail side, but it's really strong on the retail side where the customers maybe aren't quite as informed on auto repairs what our professional customers are. It's also a benefit with our First Call Online system that Jeff mentioned since it uses that system and gives our shops the access to that information.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First of all, your decision to open the Chicago DC and the expansion work it will let you do in some of your more mature Midwestern markets, was there any kind of epiphany or change in perspective that you developed about your expansion potential in some of those more mature markets where you think that they are perhaps less penetrated or have more opportunity than you previously have surmised that drove that decision?
Gregory L. Henslee: No. I think we've known we've had expansion capability in those markets for some time. And we continue to expand in those markets, but as we do so, we have put some of our distribution centers at a point where we've got to make some shifts to accommodate the number of stores that they supply. And then another factor that we've known for some time, even going back to when we bought CSK, is that to be what we should be in the third largest population center in the U.S., we're going to have to have better distribution support in Chicago. So our plan all along has been to do this at some point. We just -- as we bought CSK, the most pressing needs were putting a distribution infrastructure out West and we had the ability to service Chicago out of Indianapolis, and -- but now that we've got Indianapolis operating at capacity, we need to offload some stores from it and give us the ability to backfill some markets. And we ideally would be in a position in Chicago where we would have a distribution center and be able to leverage that distribution center to grow our professional and DIY business in the third largest population center in the U.S.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then just a second question, on the loyalty program, if you could talk about the characteristics of your customer in terms of both frequency and in terms of your share of their wallet in the category that you tend to have as we think about what this card could do for you as the program builds.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, there's really not as much known about this, Matt, as we would ideally like to know. We think our typical customer business, our store -- a heavy DIY-er would visit our store more than 4x a year, and average would be maybe 2 or 3x a year. As we start gathering data from the deployment of our loyalty program across our company, we'll have a lot better idea as to how our customers behave with regard to -- some of the surveys that we've had other companies do have indicated that in some cases, us and our competitors share customers that sometimes it's a matter of convenience, and the loyalty card program is a way we think for us to market directly to those customers and try to gain a bigger share of their wallet. But to this point, there's just not good information that I would be able to express to everyone to define exactly what that share is.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just a closing question on that, does the loyalty program play into your e-commerce effort at all? As you think about the DIY customer in that regard, would you see that perhaps being a traffic driver once you have that information locked up?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. It gives us a means to market directly to the customer. And connecting them to our -- through our website or an app, if we want to, or however we do it to give them access to information on the kinds of repairs they're doing, reminders of -- about things that they might want to do based on the age of their vehicle or the miles on their vehicle, all those kinds of things tie into this loyalty program. So it just gives us the ability to have a tighter relationship with our customers in a kind of a digital way, and we plan to leverage that once deployed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Colin McGranahan from Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: First question on gross margin, it sounds like -- obviously, nice improvement both sequentially and year-over-year; the inventory acquisition cost is a big part of it. Can you just give us a little bit more color on where that's sourcing from or where that's coming from, is it volume rebate, is it more private label, what's the source of that better inventory acquisition?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it's many things. We work hard with our vendors to make sure that we have the most efficient supply chain that we can have. And in doing that, we've been able to -- over time, as we've imported more products and we've had a little bit of improvement in our private label product performance and growth, we've yielded a little better gross margin. We also work hard to manage our prices. We've been a company that has over the years been pretty traditional in the way we price products to professional customers, and we've -- are becoming a little more scientific in the way we do that. So -- and we have yielded some opportunities and we continue to have opportunities both on the cost side and on the selling price side that we'll continue to try and take advantage of over the next few years. Tom?
Thomas G. McFall: Colin, this is Tom. What I would also add to that is, when we bought CSK, obviously our volumes went up a lot, but there was uncertainty on how well we'd execute on the transaction. Now that we're 5 years out, most of the biggest vendor deals are 5-year deals, so as we start tripping over these 5-year deals and look at repapering the deal, the volumes that we've achieved in most parts exceeded expectations and it's allowed us to go back and look at those deals and get pricing for where volume is now, and that's been a big driver for our gross margin improvement.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Tom, that's really helpful. So that sounds like it's a bit of a persistent effect, and how do I think about that relative to probably no supply chain leverage or even maybe some supply chain deleverage next year with 2 new DCs coming on? And I guess, the ultimate question is, you're at 50.5%, 50.6%, how do you think about that margin rate going forward?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we've given guidance for the back half of the year. We're not ready to give guidance for next year. What I'd tell you on the distribution side is, right now, we have a number of distribution centers that are running overcapacity, which makes them inefficient across the whole spectrum of stores that they support. And when we open these 2 new DCs, they are going to be less efficient, but the existing DCs, whether it be Mobile or Atlanta or Des Moines or Minneapolis or Indy, are going to become efficient, and we'd expect to not delever even though we have 2 new DCs.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: That's helpful. And then if I can sneak in 1 follow-up here, yes, I know the weather issue has been long-suffering, but what I'm trying to get a sense of, given very disparate results out of you and Monro and others, if you look at your stores that are core stores, the legacy O'Reilly stores, in non-cold weather markets, what kind of a differential in comp is that to your average?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, as you know, Colin, we really -- we've always tried to stay away from giving geographic comp results just for competitive reasons, and we spoke to geography more than we typically would have through this mild winter of 2012 just because we thought it was something that needed to be talked about. I can tell you that for instance in the Southeast, we comped very well. Probably -- well, in our case, we comped a little bit better than we did in the -- in some of the cold weather markets, but we've had a good rebound in the cold weather markets. There's no question that the issue we had there was real and that it's recovered. But we had good comp results across the country, and even in some of the warm weather markets, we've done very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Patrick Palfrey on for Scot today. I guess, can you give us a sense as to sort of the amount of deferred maintenance out there? And then, I guess, maybe put that in the context of people putting off maintenance in anticipation of getting a new vehicle or perhaps in the context of some of the macroeconomic pressures that you're seeing on your consumers?
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, we get our deferred maintenance number from our -- one of our industry associations, and it's been -- I think it's a little bit north of $60 million right now -- I mean, I'm sorry, $60 billion is what they say it is. Who really knows. It's hard for us to really have a solid bead on that. I think that we see -- we're able to identify it better through just the behaviors of some of our product category performance. When we see something that we know wears on automobiles, like brakes or belts and hoses, things like that, when we see those categories get softer, you kind of know that there's some maintenance being deferred. But what I would say is that our industry refers to the deferred maintenance number right now being just a little bit north of $60 billion, and our associations calculate that by just taking the number of miles driven and the age of vehicles and knowing what the typical spend would be on those vehicles at certain ages in coming up with that number. And it's -- I don't know if it's 100% accurate, but it's the best that we have.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then, I guess, put it in the context of people looking to get new vehicles, do you guys have a sense that people are actually deferring their maintenance and you perhaps maybe won't see this maintenance come back, or is it sort of a greater percentage of people just being under pressure from some of the macroeconomic things that you cited?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I think what you said, I think there is some merit to that. I think if you're planning to trade a vehicle, you may not maintain it as well as you would one you're going to keep. Typically and especially in today's world, vehicles being capable of being on the road so long, those vehicles are not scrapped, and that's what's encouraging to us, is the scrap rates continue to stay very stable as new vehicle sales has improved over the last couple of years. Those vehicles are going back out on the road as used cars. And when you buy a used car, it's a new car to you and it may go through a very heavy routine maintenance cycle as a point of a new acquisition of the car. So to us, the fact that new cars are selling, these cars might be traded in, yes, you might have a little bit of a deferral for a while before the car gets traded in, but once it's bought it's a new car to someone else, even though it's used, it becomes one that becomes a well maintained car because it may be the family's primary driver.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: If you look at your performance by geography based on where your market shares are, are you starting to see you tap out in certain areas, and that's limiting our ability to grow within some of your more established markets? And I'm not just talking West Coast versus East Coast. I'm talking if you get down to a more micro level. Is that a governing factor at this point?
Thomas G. McFall: Michael, this is Tom. I think we're always in that situation where we have a high level of the market share and we have mature stores. There's not the large amount of market share to go out and grab. So if we're in Missouri or Oklahoma, those store counts have been relatively stable for a long period of time versus markets that we're newer in, where we're underpenetrated give a tremendous opportunity to grow in those markets. So that's the typical results that we would see.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: My second question is on the situation in Chicago. How many other opportunities like that exist where if you had a DC, it will free up and perhaps lead to some nice gain?
Gregory L. Henslee: There's another 1 or 2 that I can think of that we don't have any immediate plans for, but over time, I think it will make sense for us to possibly relieve a DC here or there, from a store count perspective. And allow them to better leverage their cost through better efficiency and then put us in a better market position in some large markets. So I would say that over the next 5 years, you'll see us do something like this another time or 2.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And my last question is, can you remind us of the cadence of how the end of the summer flowed last year, was it -- or the third quarter, was it pretty consistent across each month, just to get a sense of do you face a more difficult comparison as the quarter goes on?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Last year, of course, we didn't have any real standout quarters from a comp store sales perspective. In the last year third quarter, I would say that August was slightly the best month of the quarter, but it wasn't much difference, and all 3 months generating the comp store sales, what we had were pretty low comp months.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Gober from Morgan Stanley.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on inflation. It sounds like you guys are seeing fairly steady trends there, and I know GPC has talked a little bit more about seeing some headwinds to inflation and that the CPI data out there has been a little bit weaker. Just curious if you guys have any idea why there'd be some inconsistencies across kind of the operating data sources there.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think what you will see is that certain categories, especially more DIY categories that are more oil- and commodity-based, have seen a little bit more pressure, and that could be just a difference in our mix.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just on the VIP acquisition. It sounds like that, that's going along nicely as planned. Just curious when you'd expect to start to explore more greenfield store rollouts there, what the distribution plan looks like and how far along you are there.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're in the process now of exploring more greenfield expansion up there. It's, of course, a market that's not easy to expand in because it's very congested, a lot of people, which is a great opportunity for us. We're working on that right now. We've not yet defined our distribution strategy up there publicly and will be over the next few months, but we're in the process right now of evaluating what our long-term distribution strategy up there will be because the VIP acquisition was an acquisition that was strategic from the perspective as -- that it put us in a position to grow into the Northeast. And those stores will help leverage our distribution costs as we put ourselves in a position to grow up there, but we're not ready to announce what our long-term plan is up there yet.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That makes sense. Do you think as you head into 2014 that the growth -- given that you now have base to grow off of, that, that's going to actually accelerate the overall store growth potential for the next couple of years?
Gregory L. Henslee: For some time to come, more than a couple of years, we'll be growing in the Northeast. So yes, starting 2014, there won't be much growth up there, but there'll be a little bit maybe towards the tail-end of the year. But for several years to come, a big part of our growth will be up in the Northeast.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And sorry, I guess, where I was coming from is, is it a matter of shifting growth to Northeast versus actually moving from 200 to 250 or 300 stores? That was kind of the direction of the call -- of the question there.
Thomas G. McFall: Obviously, we want to make sure that we have capacity in all of our DCs to seize the best opportunities. We haven't determined what store count we're going to do next year and the following year, but we'll let you know on the usually the third quarter call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Hofkin from William Blair & Company.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So just a question regarding the, I guess, core O'Reilly versus converted CSK. In general, I know that do-it-for-me business tends to be lower gross margin, but I'm curious to what degree you can say whether the CSK ramp of their commercial business is hurting or helping your overall gross margin, given that, it's my understanding that the improved hard parts mix theoretically could be a benefit. I'd just be interested in how much of your overall gross margin improvement is coming from core. Is it all the core, or is it some of it also from converted CSK, and what that says about your long-term gross margin opportunity.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, of course, the gross margin dollars come from the growth in both, but the rate, of course, is lower on the do-it-for-me side. So as we expand our do-it-for-me business in the CSK stores, it does pull our rate back up a little bit, although we have the mitigating factors of the acquisition cost benefits that Tom referred to earlier and then, of course, the better pricing management that we're trying to execute. But there's no question that the do-it-for-me business is at a lower gross margin rate than the DIY business.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. So even though you're adding more hard parts to CSK, the net effect is that it is pulling down your overall gross margin. Therefore, the improvement in the core O'Reilly is even larger than what is implied by the kind of the rolled-up number.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, no, what I would say is that we have a mix shift there. Also, what comes into it is as we work our way up call lists, as you sell more of the hard parts, we tend to have better margins with our commercial customers. And then the acquisition cost improvements and pricing management are chain-wide. So I wouldn't say that the math on the numbers you're pushing gives us a significantly different improvement in gross margin in core as opposed to acquired markets.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Robert. We'd like to conclude our call today by again thanking our 60,000 Team Members for their commitment to providing the best customer service in our industry. It's your hard work and dedication to serving our customers that drive the outstanding financial performance we delivered this past quarter. I'd also like to thank everyone for their time and attending our call today. We look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you, all, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff M. Shaw - Executive Vice-President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Sam Reid - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name Latasha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly Automotive First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall, CFO. Sir, you may begin.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Latasha. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call, that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable laws. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is Tom McFall, of course, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman; and Ted Wise, our Executive Vice President of Expansion, are also present. I would like to begin today's discussion by thanking our 56,000 Team Members for their continued hard work and dedication to our company's success. As we expected heading into 2013, the first quarter was a challenging quarter to drive robust sales growth increases due to the difficult comparisons to 2012. To remind everyone on the call, in the first quarter of last year, we delivered a 7.4% comparable store sales increase, driven by the pull-forward of spring business into the first quarter as a result of the early warm weather in most of our markets and the 1.3% benefit from Leap Day. In addition to the weather-related headwinds, the expiration of the payroll tax holiday and the timing of Easter falling into the first quarter of this year versus the second quarter of 2012 made it tough to generate strong comparable store sales increases. Despite these significant headwinds, through our team's continued focus on superior customer service, we were able to sustain the solid sales trends from the fourth quarter of 2012 into this quarter and generate a positive comp of 0.6%, which was within our comparable store sales guidance range for the quarter of flat to 2%. We estimate that the impact from the calendar shift in the first quarter for both Leap Day and Easter negatively impacted our comps by approximately 1.5%. So on an adjusted basis, our team delivered a 2.1% comp on top of a similarly adjusted 6.1% comp from the first quarter of last year. So we are reasonably pleased with our performance against these tough comparisons. Our first quarter operating profit, as a percent of sales, decreased 34 basis points. But as we previously stated on last year's call, operating profit in the first quarter of 2012 benefited approximately 15 to 20 basis points from Leap Day since we realized the sales benefit of Leap Day with essentially no additional fixed costs. Excluding the Leap Day comparison, the remaining deleverage is the result of comparing to a strong SG&A leverage in 2012 on robust sales as our SG&A spend in the first quarter of 2013 was in line with our expectations. We are pleased with our team's ability to generate a 1% increase in operating profits over last year, considering the significant comparison headwinds we faced in the first quarter. This solid operating performance, coupled with a reduced share count from last year's buybacks and a lower tax rate, which Tom will discuss later in the call, drove a robust increase in first quarter earnings per share of 19% and sets us on the path for a strong year in 2013. Now I'd like to spend some time further discussing our sales results in the first quarter and provide a little color on our view of the macro conditions in our industry. From a comparables store sales percentage perspective, the quarter started out stronger than it finished due to the tough comparisons as a result of the early spring weather last year and the late spring we're having this year. This should bode well for our business as we move forward into the second quarter. And so far in April, we're seeing a solid uptick in our comp store sales as spring weather arrives in many markets. The tough weather comparisons primarily affected our Central and Northern Midwest markets with these stores negatively impacting our comparable store sales performance by approximately 200 basis points. While the drag in these markets is similar in magnitude to the last 2 quarters of 2012, the reason is different. The drag in the first quarter of 2013 was due to the very tough comparisons to the early warm weather in the first quarter of 2012, whereas the drag in the third and fourth quarters of 2012 was a result of the mild winter in the first quarter of last year. Based on the current sales volume trend, we expect these markets to return to historical patterns and be a contributor to comps for the remainder of 2013 as we face easier comparisons. The difficult comparisons arising from the early spring weather in 2012 and the timing of the Easter holiday affected the DIY business more significantly, while the Leap Day comparison was felt equally on both sides of our business. As a result and in line with our expectations, comps for our DIY business were negative in the first quarter but were flat when you exclude the impact of the calendar issues. Professional customer comps were positive with and without the calendar shift. The acquired stores continued to outcomp the core O'Reilly stores and continued to be accretive to our overall comp results. However, the core O'Reilly stores comped positive for the first quarter when you adjust for the impact of Leap Day and the Easter calendar shifts. We remain pleased with our progress of the acquired stores and the traction we're gaining with the professional customers in those markets and still believe we have substantial opportunities in the future to capture an increased share of this business. As we've seen for some time now, overall comps in the first quarter were driven primarily by average ticket increases. This trend has been the result of the increasing complexity and longevity of vehicles on the road today and the associated higher cost of parts at the same time that we're continuing to see a larger percentage of our sales generated in the hard parts categories, which carry a higher ticket average, especially when we compare it to the impact of the early spring weather on the mix in the first quarter of last year. I would like to add that inflation was not an outsized driver of our ticket average increase. Our continued success in building out the professional customer business in the acquired markets resulted in increases in ticket counts on that side of the business, with DIY ticket counts continuing to be under pressure. From a macro standpoint, we remain very confident in the long-term outlook for the automotive aftermarket. After adjusting for Leap Day, total vehicles miles driven in the U.S. thus far in 2013 are flat to slightly up. While the rising gas prices from the fourth quarter of 2012 to the first quarter of 2013 has not been helpful to our business, gas prices are relatively comparable to last year, and we see the fall of gas prices heading into the second quarter as a positive for the summer selling season. While it's difficult to quantify, we have been negatively impacted by the lapsing of the payroll tax holiday. But as with other issues that impact the consumers' pocketbook in the short term, we expect that this impact will be short-lived and consumers will quickly adjust to the return of normal payroll tax rates. We are encouraged to see unemployment slowly moving in the right direction. But the current rate is still high, which reduces commuter miles driven and contributes to a high degree of economic uncertainty. When we look at the long-range future of our business, we remain very optimistic about the fundamentals of our industry as the U.S. vehicle fleet of 241 million cars and light trucks on the road at an average age of 10.8 years continues to age and go through more routine maintenance cycles and consumers continue to realize the value of investing in repairs of higher-mileage vehicles. We expect to see the trend of increasing vehicle age to continue due to better engineering and manufacturing and are excited about the opportunities for O'Reilly to capitalize on these trends well into the future. As we look forward to the second quarter, we would expect to see a continuation of the solid business trends we've experienced over the past 2 quarters and are setting our comparable store sales guidance at 4% to 6%. This guidance assumes a normal weather pattern through the second quarter and inflation at historic norms. While the guidance range for the second quarter is a significant sequential increase from our first quarter results, the dollar volumes we are projecting are in line with our current trends and the guidance reflects the easing of comparisons from 2012. In fact, at the midpoint of our guidance range, the 2- and 3-year comparable store sales tax for the second quarter are lower than our first quarter results. The business thus far in April has continued on a solid trend. And with the easier comparisons, our comp store sales results support our 4% to 6% guidance. As a reminder, from our release last year, the sales progression in the second quarter of 2012 saw a weak April followed by a strong May and a weak June. As a result, June will be a critical month as we calendar the period when we really began to see the business in the Northern Plains and Midwest negatively impacted from the mild winter last year. After performing within our expected range for comps in the first quarter, we are also reiterating our full year comp store sales guidance of 3% to 5%. Within this comp guidance is our expectation that weather will be somewhat normal for the balance of the year and total vehicle miles driven will increase gradually as unemployment and the corresponding commuter miles slowly recover. However, we believe consumers will continue to be under pressure for the foreseeable future. In addition, we continue to be very excited about the opportunity to develop long-term relationships with our professional customers in the acquired markets and would expect these gains of hard parts sales and the increased complexity of repairs I discussed earlier to further drive increases in our average tickets. I would now like to make a few comments regarding another strong gross margin performance for the first quarter. We are pleased to have maintained a very strong gross margin rate. And the components of our gross margin results in the first quarter were very similar to the fourth quarter of last year on a sequential basis. On a year-over-year basis, compared to the first quarter of 2012, we saw a 59 basis points improvement through an improved operating efficiency in our distribution centers and excellent shrink results. For the full year 2013, we are slightly raising our gross margin guidance from a range of 49.9% to 50.3% to a range of 50% flat to 50.4% based on the better-than-expected first quarter results. Inherent in this guidance range is our expectation that industry pricing will remain rational and our merchandise teams will be able to continue their great work in incrementally improving acquisition costs but that these gains will be offset by a higher mix of professional customer business, which carries a lower gross margin than our DIY business. We've been also expected to see improvements in our distribution center efficiency, especially in our newer DCs. But as we've discussed on our last quarter's call, this improvement will be offset by a reduced benefit from capitalized distribution costs as compared to 2012 related to the store inventory expansion initiatives we completed throughout last year. We also anticipate maintaining our strong shrink results throughout 2013. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to provide an update on our acquisition of VIP Auto and provide some information on some initiatives we have planned to capture and increase share of DIY business. To date, our acquisition of the retail portion of VIP, comprised of 56 stores located in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts, has been progressing smoothly. We have converted the computer systems in both the distribution center and the stores to O'Reilly systems and conducted training to bring our new Team Members up to speed on the O'Reilly point-of-sale system and catalog parts look-up systems. We'll be conducting resets of the interior, layout and decor over the next several months, which will allow us the space we need to deploy the inventory levels required to run our dual market strategy. We will complete the final step of the integration when we change over the exterior signage in the fall. We would not expect to see a significant increase in sale volumes in these stores in 2013. But we are excited about the opportunities ahead of us in these new markets as we establish the O'Reilly brand and develop relationships with professional customers in these markets. Finally, I would like to talk about some initiatives we have underway to capture a larger share of the DIY market. Growing our DIY business continues to be a primary focus for our company, and we believe we have a huge opportunity to increase our average store volumes based on industry averages. One of the initiatives we are in the process of implementing is a loyalty card program. This program is designed for our customers to track their purchases and earn points per dollar spent, which are then redeemable into coupons that can be used towards future purchases. The program will also include targeted promotions and special offers marketed exclusively to our loyalty program members. We're excited about the potential of the new program and believe it will allow us to enhance engagement with our customers to earn more of their business and capitalize on additional sales opportunities. We'll also see benefits in accumulating customer purchase histories linked to the ability to use this information to direct our marketing efforts to the specific needs and purchasing patterns of our customers. Most of all, we see the loyalty program as an effective way to reward our customers and thank them for their continued business, while creating a two-way value proposition that drives increased share of the DIY market. We are currently in the pilot phase of this program and began testing in selected markets this month. We will use this brief pilot to address any technical issues and plan to roll out the full program chain-wide by the end of the second quarter. The last initiative I would like to discuss is the work we are doing to replace our point-of-sale transaction engine. This change does not affect the catalog interface that our Team Members and customers see but rather is an enhancement of the system architecture that is the backbone of how we process transactions. We are implementing an industry-leading retail solution and replacing our legacy homegrown system. The new system allows us increased flexibility to implement more advanced and targeted promotions and enhance the customer experience with tighter integration between our in-store systems and our e-commerce efforts. The new system will also give us the tools we need to quickly address changing business needs and allow us to focus on continued enhancements in areas such as our electronic parts catalog, which are core competencies for our company. We will be testing the new system in pilot stores in the back half of this year with full rollout chain-wide in the first half of 2014. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to once again thank our Team Members for their strong execution in the first quarter and their continued dedication to providing the absolute best customer service in our industry to our loyal customers. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff M. Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to join Greg in thanking Team O'Reilly for their performance in the first quarter and for their unwavering commitment to providing the best customer service in the industry, day in and day out. The environment in our business was tough in the first quarter, just as we expected it would be. And when business is tough to come by, the service you provide to both the DIY and professional customers becomes even more critical. We have always believed that staying true to our discipline of going the extra mile for each and every customer develops the long-term relationships that allow us to continue to grow our business, even in tough times. This commitment to the customer was at the heart of our decisions last year to both add inventory to enhance our store in-stock position and also maintain our store staffing levels to ensure excellent customer service. It was this commitment to the customer that we believe allowed us to grow our business in the first quarter, even in light of the difficult comparisons. The first item I'd like to highlight today was our SG&A performance for the first quarter. During the difficult macroeconomic environments we faced in recent quarters, we've remained very focused on expense control. But I want to emphasize, and this is a comment we've made for the last several quarters, that we'll be prudent in managing our expenses and under no circumstances will we make cuts that will endanger our ability to provide the top-notch customer service that develops those long-term relationships. SG&A delevered 93 basis points in the first quarter of 2013 based solely on the tough comparisons to last year, including the 15 to 20 basis point benefit in 2012 for Leap Day, which had no additional fixed cost. In terms of the total dollar spend on SG&A, we were pleased with the strong expense control we exercised in the first quarter as our SG&A dollar spend was on plan. For the first quarter, our per store SG&A was flat in comparison to the first quarter of 2012, which saw the highest year-over-year growth of any quarter in 2012, in part because of the higher incentive compensation on the strong sales and the operating income performance. We feel we have our SG&A spend dialed in for the current business trends and we expect full year SG&A spend per store to increase approximately 0.5%. Our first quarter results and full year expectations reflect our commitment to maintaining high customer service levels to grow the business, while actively managing expenses. We've executed this playbook throughout our history and we've seen it proven time and again that consistent, excellent customer service is the #1 factor in earning and keeping our customers' business. I'd now like to touch on our distribution center operations. As Greg previously mentioned, our ability to drive cost-saving efficiencies in our DCs was a positive driver of our gross margin performance again this quarter. These continued efficiency improvements are consistent with our expectations as we actively manage cost to improve the operating efficiency of our newest DCs. The DCs have also been instrumental in supporting our inventory availability initiatives and their support has helped to drive increased store volumes in all markets. We are diligent in pushing the envelope to run our DCs leaner and more effectively and we currently have projects underway to improve our DC management systems, enhance labor scheduling and optimize our DC route network. Next, I'd like to update everyone on some initiatives we have underway to further enhance the great customer service we provide. As we've discussed on prior calls, we rolled out our proprietary electronic parts catalog in the first half of 2012. O'Cat, our electronic parts catalog, is a critical tool in the stores for providing top-notch customer service to both the DIY and professional customers. Because of this, we ran our new catalog side-by-side with the legacy third-party catalog to allow our Team Members to have the option of which one to use as they learn the new system and while further enhancements were made. By the end of the first quarter, virtually all of our Team Members were using the new catalog based on its superior functionality and content. As a result, we eliminated the legacy catalog in April. We continue to capitalize on the features of our new system and we'll continually make improvements to the catalog to ensure our customers will benefit from the most robust catalog in the industry. With the conversion to our new catalog complete, we're now focused on implementation of our proprietary business-to-business platform named First Call Online. This redesign of our B2B platform leverages the catalog improvements we've made in our electronic parts catalog and gives our professional shops access to enhanced product content and images, as well as enhanced search and identification features. Ultimately, our First Call Online system is designed to be a proprietary business tool for our customers to locate and order the right part in the most efficient manner possible so they can keep vehicles moving through their bays. The new system also enhances how we integrate promotions and incentives directed at our professional customers and allows us to manage the relationships in a seamless fashion. This system helps us form strong connections with our customers and the enhancements we're rolling out will make these ties even deeper. We've completed the testing on the new system in the first quarter and are currently in the process of rolling out the new system and switching our customers over from our legacy system, which we expect to complete over the course of the summer. One last initiative I'd like to report on is the continued traction we're seeing from the hub and store-level inventory investments we made in 2012. Great service demands having industry-leading access to the parts customers need. And we believe the investments we've made last year are contributing to the sales momentum we're seeing in 2013. We'll continue to monitor the deployment of our inventory, but we're currently confident the level of availability we offer is a differentiator. Finally, I'd like to provide some information on the progress of our new store growth in the first quarter. We had a very strong first quarter in terms of new store openings, with a total of 65 new stores opened in the quarter. As we've discussed in previous quarters, our expanded store footprint gives us the ability to spread out our organic store growth. And our new store openings in the first quarter were balanced across the country. We're very pleased with the management teams leading these new stores, and we're excited about the opportunities we're seeing as we move into new markets. We remain on track to hit our previously announced target of 190 net new stores in 2013. As Greg previously mentioned, we converted the computer systems in the VIP stores early March. We're excited to continue to move forward with integrating this acquisition and establishing a strong O'Reilly presence in the Northeast. The transition and training has gone very smoothly so far, but we're still in the early stages of rolling our business model and it will take a while for us to drive the results that we expect in these new markets. As always, we continue to actively look for additional bolt-on acquisitions to supplement our organic store growth but remain a patient and disciplined buyer. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would once again like to thank our store and distribution center teams for the great service they provide to our customers each and everyday. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and add some color to our guidance. Comparable store sales for the quarter increased 0.6% on top of prior year's comps of 7.4%. Excluding the impact of Leap Day in both periods, comps were 1.9% for the first quarter of 2013 on top of 6.1% in 2012. As Greg has discussed, our first quarter comparable store sales calendared through tough comparisons and came within our guidance expectations with March marginally impacted by the late spring weather, which left us in the bottom half of our guidance range. We would view this as solely related to the timing of the initial spring business and it has not changed our guidance expectations for the full year 2013 we set in January. For the quarter, sales increased $56 million, comprised of a $9 million increase in comp store sales, a $50 million increase in noncomp store sales, a $2 million decrease in noncomp, nonstore sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. The acquired VIP stores are included in noncomp store sales due to the significant change in the business model and classification issues with historical data. We will begin including these stores, sales and comps -- excuse me, in our comp base on January 1, 2014. Gross profit for the quarter increased 59 basis points over the prior year. Our gross margin performance came in slightly better than we expected, primarily as a result of more favorable mix on the difference in spring business between the years. As Greg previously mentioned, we are pleased with the progression of our margin on a sequential basis, and we expect for gross margin to trend within our previous expectations for the balance of 2013. But we are slightly raising our full year gross margin guidance to 50% -- to 50.4% to flow through the mix-related beat from the first quarter. SG&A for the quarter was 34.5% of sales versus 33.6% in the prior year. First quarter SG&A dollars were in line with our expectations, and we continue to expect to see per store SG&A increase approximately 0.5% for the full year. Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter was $1.36 per share, which represents a 19% increase over diluted earnings per share of $1.14 in the first quarter of 2012. The first quarter EPS benefited from a tax rate of 35.9% of pretax income versus a rate of 38.5% in the first quarter of 2012. This beneficial tax rate was the result of the positive results from the resolution of income tax audits and a benefit from certain job tax credits. We were able to qualify for these job tax credits earlier than expected in 2013 with a benefit to EPS of approximately $0.02 in the first quarter compared to our original guidance expectations. But we'd still expect to see full year tax rate of approximately 37.4% of pretax income. We're updating our full year EPS guidance to a range of $5.64 to $5.74. Our total sales guidance for the remainder of the year is unchanged. So this EPS guidance change reflects the first quarter above-planned EPS and the impact of incremental shares repurchased since we last provided guidance on our fourth quarter call in February. For the same quarter, we're establishing diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.46 to $1.50. As a reminder, our EPS guidance for both the year and the second quarter takes into account the shares repurchased through yesterday but does not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. Moving to the balance sheet. Our average inventory per store at the end of the first quarter was $568,000, up 8% from $526,000 at the end of the first quarter of 2012 but down slightly from $573,000 at the end of 2012. We continue to project inventory per store to be flat at the end of 2013 versus the end of 2012 as we continue to identify opportunities to redeploy our existing investment into more productive inventory. Our quarter-end AP to inventory percentage of 85.7% was better than we expected due to the timing of inventory additions in the first few months of the year. But we would still expect the ratio to be relatively flat at the end of 2013 compared to the end of 2012 as incremental improvements and vendor terms are offset by the headwind from payment for the 2012 inventory build. As we move past the cash payment cycle of the 2012 inventory investments, we would continue to expect to realize gradual improvements in our AP percentage after this year. Capital expenditures for the first quarter of $73 million were in line with our expectations. And we are keeping our full year CapEx guidance unchanged at $385 million to $415 million. For the quarter, free cash flow declined to $153 million versus $339 million in 2012, caused solely by the dramatic improvements we made in our net inventory investment in 2012 driven by our vendor financing program. We have not changed our full year free cash flow expectations and are maintaining our original guidance range of $450 million to $500 million. Next, I'd like to provide an update on our share repurchase program. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares with an aggregate cost of $228 million at an average price of $92.35, with the significant majority of this buyback coming prior to our year-end earnings release in early February. Subsequent to the end of the first quarter and through the date of our earnings release, we repurchased approximately 0.6 million shares at an average price of $101.21. This brings our cumulative share repurchase since the inception of our program in January of 2011 through yesterday to 35 million shares with an average price of $77.14. As we've discussed several times since the inception of our repurchase program, we continue to believe the best use of our cash is to reinvest back into our business. But we continue to view buybacks as an effective use of excess available cash, and we'll continue to opportunistically execute the program moving forward. Finally, I'd like to provide some color around our leverage and expectations for adding incremental debt in 2013. At the end of the first quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.84x, which was flat from year end and remains below our long-term targeted leverage range of 2 to 2.25x. As we noted on our last call, we still expect to incrementally increase our leverage and enter our long-term range in 2013. We feel comfortable incurring debt at these levels consistent with the leverage target we established at the beginning of 2011. But we remain very committed to maintaining and improving our investment-grade rating. At this time, I'd like to ask Latasha, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question I want to ask, as you think about both the normalization of some of the weather factors that impeded your business late in the first quarter and you think about the comparisons that you're cycling, the easier comparisons that you're cycling over the next several quarters, as you see the business pick back up from low singles to mid-singles or better, should that pickup come in DIY, in commercial? Or would it be spread evenly across the franchise?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Matt, I think it will come in both. I think because while the DIY customers work on their cars in their driveways and outside and so forth, that having the late spring weather that we're having this year should push some of that DIY business further into the year. And then also some of that business is related to the spring cleanup, waxing cars, cleaning out the interiors and just doing some minor maintenance and so forth. So yes, we would expect a good pickup in DIY. But at the same time, professional business or commercial business has been doing pretty well anyway, so we would expect that to continue to tick away as it has been.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then the second question, just related to the loyalty program. Obviously, gathering that data makes a tremendous amount of sense. One of the dynamics we think about when we consider the utility of the loyalty program is frequency of shop. So what can you tell us about how many visits your DIY customer has to your store at any given year? And how do you think about the accumulation of points and deploying them in your store considering that?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. We don't have a lot of good information on that right now other than just different marketing surveys that we've done and so forth that we would -- based on what we know, which again is just based on selected surveys from different markets, where we've hired companies and done some of own studies to be -- a couple of times a year, we would typically have a shop. Now there's a huge variation depending on the type of customer. And more medium and heavy do-it-yourself-ers, you can have a lot of shops with the same customer. I remember, even back in my history being in the stores, you might see the same customer 2 or 3 times a month, so the kind of person that helps keep their families car running and maybe has an old car that has problems. But on average, if you're taking the very light DIYers that might just come in and change wiper blades, mixed with those customers a couple of times a year. But with this loyalty program, we're going to learn a lot more about that and be able to market to those customers to time coupons or specials that we want to push out to them to coincide with when we would expect them to need to do the kind of maintenance on their vehicles that might be doing based on our historical purchase records.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just a final follow-up to that. Is that more frequent shopper, you think, shopping parts as opposed to chemicals and other consumables?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, more parts. They're people who work on cars. They're helping friends put on tie rod ends and change belts and hoses and stuff like that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Matt knew all the answers to that because he's in the stores about twice a month anyway. But the question I wanted to focus on was on gross margin. It was -- you said it early in the script that the gross margin improvement came from shrink and distribution efficiencies. And then later, it sounded like you may have seen some mix benefit. So can you clarify that? And if it's possible, maybe you could provide a quantitative breakdown as well.
Gregory L. Henslee: Let me make a comment, then I'll let Tom do the quantification part of it. But our shrink and distribution costs, we've had some benefit from both of those areas that we expect to continue to see. When I spoke to the mix difference, we're speaking to the fact that we haven't seen as much of this light maintenance stuff that you would typically have in the spring and the cleanup. And maybe some oil changes and stuff like that, had a little bit of decrease in that stuff. And the thought was that some of those products, because they're promotional in nature to some degree, would carry a little lighter gross margin than the hard parts business that we're driving our gross margin with currently.
Thomas G. McFall: Mike, it's Tom. What I would add to that is Greg's comment early in the script were focused on the year-over-year change. And my comments on the mix later in the call, where we were different from where we thought we would be from a guidance standpoint. So when we look at the improvement over our guidance, it was mix-related. And as Greg mentioned, that shift in the type of business we did in the spring had that impact.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's very helpful. And the second question is on the idea that there's a lot of pent-up demand due in part to how the weather has unfolded over the last 12 to 15 months. As you talk about seeing improved trends in April, is any of that driven by some of the replenishment categories that have gotten hit particularly hard? Or is it just too early to tell?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it's a little too early to tell. We're seeing -- what we're seeing right now is typical spring business, where we're selling a lot of cleanup chemicals, oil changes, maintenance on things like belts and hoses that people put off, what we saw a lot of in the first quarter. And we did really good, for instance, in batteries and cooling systems, which are more -- it can be more weather-related. Cold weather causes cooling system issues, hot weather causes cooling system issues as it causes battery issues. And those categories did pretty well. So I think what we're seeing right now is just more typical spring product demand. And my speculation would be that there has got to be some pent-up demand for this spring-type business that we would have normally experienced by now. And I know for years of being here at O'Reilly, we didn't talk much about weather just because it's the weather, there's not much you can about it. But this is really an unusual comparison in our first quarter to a quarter last year, where we had just an incredibly early string. It was just very unusual, as many of you all know. And then this year, in the middle part of the country, we have had -- we really don't have spring yet. We've had -- just up until this week, there were many markets that really haven't had much of a spring yet. Even up in the Upper Midwest, they're having snow right now. And it's just an unusual comparison. But the spring weather that we would typically have that creates the demand that we would typically expect in the spring has yet to happen in some markets, so we would expect that to be a driver of comps in the second quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted to just clarify, I thought in the first quarter you talked about SG&A per store up 1% to 1.5% for the year and you just mentioned up 0.5%. So was there a change? Or is there something I missed in my notes there?
Thomas G. McFall: When we talked on the first quarter call, we were talking excluding VIP. This quarter, we decided to just go chain-wide. The VIP stores are lower volume and lower cost-based at this point.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I got you. Following up on the previous question, would love to hear your thoughts on what you're seeing in brakes and rotors and rotating electrical and some of the things underneath the car. And how does that really illustrate or inform the situation around the debate between the industry slowing down versus the weather impacts?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, there's a lot -- we have a lot of information on this, as you can imagine we would. And when you look at our product sales by category, it's hard to form conclusions. But I can give you kind of some information that I have and kind of the way I look at this. In the first quarter, for instance, batteries were really strong, and I think that's directly related to the fact that we had some winter weather in a period from a comparable standpoint that we really didn't have winter weather last year. Cooling systems performed really well from a comp store sales perspective. These are things that if you have a problem with them, you've got to fix them. If your car's overheating from the cooling system failing or if your battery's shot and your car won't start, you've got to replace them. Rotating electrical did very well. Again, if your alternator or starter doesn't work, if you want to drive your car, you've got to replace it. Things that didn't do as well, for instance, from a comparison perspective, are things like refrigerant. One factor there is that refrigerant costs less this year than it did last year. But from a demand standpoint, it's easy to speculate that there isn't as much demand for refrigerant in a cold spring as there would be in a hot spring like we had last year, so refrigerant was down. Brakes are down. And I think that's something that we hear across the industry. And I think there could be several factors that affect that. But one of those is, is that many times when you have a brake job done, it's not because your brakes stopped working. It's because the friction material, the brake pads or shoes, depending on what you're driving, wore down and you need to replace them. Many times that's identified when you're having your tires rotated or maybe your oil changed at a shop or whatever the case maybe. But in most cases, the brakes aren't metal-to-metal or the consumer would've heard that and would've had the brakes replaced already. It's one of those things where the brakes have a little bit left on them and do you want to replace them now. I think that customers have been a little bit in a deferral mode. If there's 3,000, 4,000 miles left on the brakes, which is not unusual in a thin brake pad situation, I think there's more customers that are choosing to drive in the first quarter, particularly, wait until they get their tax refund because we have this delayed tax refund effect, or just tough economic conditions that would cause them to say, "Listen, I'm going to squeeze every little bit of the brake pad out of those things." So I wouldn't relate it more to that. Other differences we have are like in the motor oil, we had a -- didn't comp as well on motor oil as what we had been. And I would relate that to some heavy promotions that we had last year but also that much of our motor oil sales is DIY and a lot of DIYers just haven't had the opportunity to be out in the driveway changing their oil as much as they would in a typical spring.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's very helpful. So then -- okay, got you. And then finally, on the inflation side, can you talk about what the inflation experience was in this quarter and maybe versus last year? And just remind us how it played out from an inflation, deflation perspective over the balance of last year in the second, third and fourth quarter.
Gregory L. Henslee: Tom, you want to take that one?
Thomas G. McFall: Yes. Let me look through my data here. And in the first quarter, we would have been pretty historical norm, between 1% and 1.5%. And we'd expect to be there for the remainder of the year. When we look at last year, so last year, it was a little bit of a less of a help last year, and would be consistent throughout the year.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Consistently less of a help?
Thomas G. McFall: Correct.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And did you have any quarter with deflation?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, if you look at our change in our LIFO reserve, I think you'd see that small amount each quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So a little bit of a follow-up on Chris' question, I guess. I think we all understand weather has been a challenge. And obviously, you guys have been a pretty consistent share gainer over the years. But I guess, my question is kind of a bigger picture. As new car sales continue to rise, is there any reason to believe that this industry just doesn't go back to being kind of a 1% to 3% comp industry, which is kind of what it was before the new car sale implosion back in '08?
Gregory L. Henslee: I think that over time, Scot, it could, depending on new car sales over the next few years. We're talking, I don't know, what do we have up to now, maybe 14 million new car units expected to sell this year, maybe a little more than that. 241 million vehicle population, so it takes of few years for that really have a big effect. The thing I would say is that the cars that are still out there are older. And that's going to continue to be the case. And I think that through the recession and through people's experience with some of the later model cars that are better engineered, there's just -- and I feel like I'm repeating myself because I know I've said this many times before. But these later model cars, and those of you that drive cars realize this, the drivetrains in these cars are solid and they can be driven at really high mileages. But that doesn't prevent all the things that all the aftermarket has always been about, from continuing to have to be replaced, things like brakes and chassis parts and belts and hoses and fluid changes and filters and just ignition parts. And in the future, emission parts, all the sensors that feed the computer system that helps run the fuel injection and the air intake systems and all these things. But yet when those things have problems, it's hard for a consumer to say that, "Well, that's a reason to get rid of the car, that's a reason to trade the car because the engine transmission and differential and the interior and the bodies of the car are still in pretty good shape." And given the option of driving a car for another year or something or taking on a $400 a month car payment, they choose to drive the car. So I think there's going to be -- I think the older vehicles on the road is going to offset for some period of time the increasing level of new car sales that we're seeing. And Tom, do you have a comment?
Thomas G. McFall: What I would also add to that is that we've had a number of very, very good years in high SAAR years. Our focus really is less on the SAAR and more on the total number of vehicles on the road and the total of number of miles driven. Our expectation is as the economy improves, the SAAR will improve. And the number of vehicles on the road have flattened out over the last 2 or 3 years, that we'll get back to seeing an increased number of vehicles on the road. And as unemployment declines and people go out and feel more confident, we're also going to see a higher employment rate and we're going to see more miles driven, which is going to be a driver of demand in our industry. So we don't look at a -- we look at a rising SAAR as a positive because it says that our consumer has more money on their pocket, more people are working and we have more opportunities for parts to wear down.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani from ISI Group.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: The first one I had was on sort of promotionality and what you're seeing with regards to pricing power. As you look across the market now and just given some of the slowing in the first quarter, would you say it's still rational? And given the gross margin outlook, it looks like you're feeling pretty good about that but just want to get your thoughts.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I think it's still very rational. I think we're all pretty good at chopping each other these days. And we've seen no significant change related to the pricing strategies of our competitors. It's been some time actually. Now we all still continue to run promotions. And our typical promotions are a variety of things. But oil changes, for instance, there's kind of a volley back and forth between maybe a $19.99 branded oil change and $21.99 branded oil change, but that's been the case for some time. So what I'd say is there's really no change in the strategies that we've seen from either just a fixed pricing perspective or a promotional pricing perspective. We're all trying to run promotions to drive traffic in our stores.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then with the gross margin outlook being a little bit higher and EBIT margin being consistent, is there anything sort of driving that divergence in the SG&A line, first? And then second, with Affordable Care Act coming up, we've been thinking that could be like a 70 to 80 bps sort of generic headwind for many retailers. Is there any way to quantify that or any numbers that you all can share in terms of things you're doing to offset it?
Gregory L. Henslee: You talk about SG&A, and I'll talk about Affordable Care Act.
Thomas G. McFall: Okay. On the SG&A, we have a slight increase in our margin. And as you said, the EBIT range is the same. The change in gross margin wasn't that significant to drive us to change the number of our operating profit. So I would say that's more of a potential adjustment in the range.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. On the Affordable Care Act, there's still a lot of things to be quantified and determined. And there's even a few things that are changing, like the mandatory enrollment of Team Members into the health plan was recently delayed from January 1, '14. So there's still some -- maybe there's yet to be seen, so it's a little bit difficult to quantify. We've engaged help from outside our company to help us quantify and plan. And our plan is simply to do the things that we need to do to mitigate the expense. So we'll work through doing that. Part of that is just changing or incrementally making a minor change to our part-time, full-time mix, which we've been working to do anyway for some period of time. And then things we can do with our plan to help offset some of the cost that we might be -- that we wouldn't previously have burden. But our effort will be to try and mitigate the additional costs that we would have so that it wouldn't be something that would be recognized as an additional operating expense.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So what I'm hearing is it sounds like there's things you can do to offset and actually it may not be that large of a step function for you all. Is that sort of fair?
Gregory L. Henslee: I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was just saying, it sounds like there's initiatives you all have underway to mitigate that. And actually the 70 to 80 bps sort of the generic number, that could be sort of high versus what you guys think you can do.
Gregory L. Henslee: I think if we all just said we're going to keep doing exactly what we're doing and we're just going to take this on the chin. I think that number might be pretty close, depending on the company. There's a lot of variation between companies. My expectation would be that most companies are not going to take this without having some adjustment on what they sell products for, just stay whole from a profit standpoint.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sam Reid from Barclays Capital.
Sam Reid - Barclays Capital, Research Division: We noticed that income tax return data really started to pick up at the tail end of your quarter. I'm wondering if you started to see a corresponding boost to demand during the quarter as customers started to receive their returns back. And then kind of just to add to that, if you see maybe some further benefits of that as you move into 2Q.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think there's an uneven comparison when people typically get their tax refunds last year to this year a little later. Unusual in this year is that as people have got these tax refunds, it's not spring yet, even though the calendar says it's going snow on the ground or a real cold weather. So there's a little bit of a distortion there and how we would view that. But yes, the expectation is -- our expectation is that -- and I think we've seen this in our April comparable store sales so far, because they've been pretty good and more reflective of what we would have expected to see in the spring is that there are people that now have tax refunds and are spending money on things that they had deferred. And with spring weather, they're able to do the work that they're needing to do.
Sam Reid - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Awesome. And then one follow-up. Any updated thoughts around your expansion in Florida? This may have been covered. But just anything that you guys have that might be incremental would be helpful.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're putting stores down there. Our plan is to continue to expand down there. We've been -- we feel like we're doing a good job gaining market share. We've got a really solid team down there. The distribution center, of course, underway, which is a ways away from being completed. But we've got hub operations down there and we're incrementally gaining share. And it was one of the contributors to our store growth for the quarter. I think we opened an additional 5 stores down there during the quarter. So we continue to grow down there and have big plans for having a significant presence in Florida over time.
Operator: And then next question comes from the line of Jack Willows [ph] from Focus Research [ph].
Unknown Analyst: I was wondering if your technology is enabling you to perhaps better match the population of stores -- of cars around the store with the inventory that you have at the store itself so that there are fewer times when someone comes to the store and you're out of the part that they're looking for.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Jack [ph], that's a big deal for us. The car population is so diverse and there's such a difference between, for instance, Seattle and Orlando or even Springfield, Missouri, where we're at, to Houston, Texas. Well, we don't have a lot of four-wheel drives here because sometimes you have winter weather. In Houston, they really don't have winter weather, so while there's a lot of pickups in SUVs, most of them are two-wheel drives, and around here you have a lot more four-wheel drives. And then you just have the brand differences, where on the coasts you just tend to have more European and Asian imports, whereas in the center part of the country, you have less. So deploying inventory in our stores is completely dependent on the vehicle population that surrounds that store. That's one of the key pieces of criteria that we use when we put inventory in a new store. And then as we do our ongoing adjustments of those inventories, as new products become available or as demand starts to tick up, one of the key factors is how many of the cars that this part fits exist in that market. So that's something that is -- computers have become completely prevalent in running our business that we've been able to leverage technology and use databases that we buy from outside the company to help us drive what we put in our stores and do a better job of managing our inventory.
Unknown Analyst: That's very good. The other thing I'm wondering about is e-commerce and the Internet. To what degree can your customers go to other websites and buy parts directly? And when they do that, what is the comparison of the prices they pay?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, there's some pretty -- no question, auto parts are available on the Internet. There's a couple of -- there's several websites actually that have access to inventory. Some of these companies stock a little inventory, many buy from -- they have dropship agreements with warehouse distributors and others that have inventories. Typically speaking, an e-commerce company, and I would reference a couple, maybe like a U.S. Auto Parts or RockAuto or something like that, they would try to sell below us brick-and-mortar guys just because they have to do something to try and get someone to agree to wait to get a part as opposed to being able to drive a few blocks and get it. In most markets, and I'm not talking about the rural areas because there are people who live out in rural areas where there's not a parts stores, but where there's many parts stores in the U.S., there's a convenience factor here. And most people live pretty near a parts store. But the Internet is lower-priced than what our stores are priced. And then there's the additional factor of the frustration of ordering parts that you're not sure you need and trying to deal with returning them. So our business is not as inclined to do a lot of volume e-commerce-wise as a lot of businesses are, mainly because of those factors I mentioned, and then just also the technical expertise it takes to determine what's actually wrong with a car. Many times when a customer walks in our store, they know they've got a problem and they think they know what they need, but we'll end up selling them something else as a result. So it's a factor, but not a huge factor for us.
Operator: We have made our allotted time for Q&A. I will now turn the call over to our host, Mr. Greg Henslee, for closing remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee: All right. Thank you, Latasha. We would like to conclude our call today by again thanking our 56,000 members of Team O'Reilly that are committed to providing the best customer service in our industry. It is your hard work and dedication to serving our customers that drives our success. I would also like to thank everyone on the call for their time this morning. We look forward to reporting our second quarter results in July, and we'll talk to you then. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff M. Shaw - Executive Vice-President of Store Operations and Sales
Analysts: Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Hello. My name is Yumicki, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly Automotive Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Release Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Tom McFall, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Yumicki. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection under the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify those statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the earnings release and on this conference call, that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results, described or implied, in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Shaw, our Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. As many of you know, in mid-December, we announced that Ted Wise transitioned from his long-time role as Chief Operating Officer to Executive Vice President of Expansion. Ted continues to be a very actively-involved member of our executive management team. But now, he is specifically focusing his time and efforts in the areas of new store growth, maintaining our existing installed store base and new market expansion. Ted's level of passion for the business has not diminished a bit, and he remains extremely committed to the success of our company, although he will be working at a slightly reduced schedule. Moving forward, Ted will continue to attend our quarterly conference calls. However, he is currently enjoying his new role and reduced schedule by taking a well-deserved vacation, so he is not present for today's call. We also announced in December that Jeff Shaw was promoted to the position of Executive Vice President of Store Operations and Sales. Jeff has been an O'Reilly team member for 24 years, beginning his career at the store level. He held numerous store, district and regional manager positions throughout our company before being promoted to Vice President of Store Operations in 2003 and then Senior Vice President in 2004. Many of you have met Jeff and have heard him present at our O'Reilly Analyst Days. Jeff will be participating in our conference call today and will be an ongoing participant on our quarterly calls. I would like to begin the discussion of our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results by thanking our 53,000 members of Team O'Reilly for their hard work and commitment to our success. During the fourth quarter, we continue to face a very challenging demand environment. However, your dedication to providing the best customer service in our industry yielded a 4.2% increase in comparable store sales, which exceeded our guidance range of 2% to 4%. For the year, your efforts have led to a 3.8% increase in comparable store sales. And by growing profitable sales and prudently managing our expenses over the long term, we generated another record annual operating margin of 15.8%, exceeding our prior year's record adjusted operating margin of 14.9%. Your relentless focus on excellent customer service resulted in a 23% increase in fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share, marking our 16th consecutive quarter of adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 15% or greater and our fourth consecutive year of annual adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 20% or greater. It takes a tremendous team effort to generate these types of record-breaking results, and I would like to thank each of you for your hard work and your unrelenting focus on providing outstanding service to each of our valued customers. The great service you provide remains the backbone of our continued success. During the fourth quarter, our sales continued to be negatively impacted in our Central and Northern Midwest markets by unseasonably warm weather. These areas represent approximately 25% of our comparable store sales base, and the impact on our fourth quarter comp was approximately 200 basis points, consistent with the drag these areas had on our third quarter results. However, we did see sequential improvements in these markets as the quarter progressed, and these areas finished the year with solid momentum, consistent with the rest of the chain. All months during the quarter were positive and performed at or above our expectations, with October and November performing stronger than December. We expected December to be a challenging month, driven by the headwind of the timing of the holidays with Christmas falling on a Tuesday this year compared to a Sunday last year coupled with a pressured consumer, who has to juggle holiday spending with vehicle maintenance during this period every year. Both the do-it-yourself and professional customer comps were positive contributors to our fourth quarter results. Sequentially, from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, DIY and professional customer comp improvements were very similar. The acquired stores continue to out comp the core O'Reilly stores and continue to be accretive to our overall comp results. However, the core O'Reilly stores generated solid comps during the fourth quarter, finishing the year strong. Overall, average ticket continues to be the primary driver of our comp results, relating primarily to business mix. The professional side of our business continues to grow at a faster rate than the DIY side, driven by market share gains in the acquired markets. However, during the fourth quarter, overall traffic counts were positive, representing the strongest traffic count results we experienced all year. For the full year, our comparable store sales results of 3.8% finished in the lower third of our original guidance range of 3% to 6%. Looking back at the full year, 2012 got off to a strong start, as early spring weather in most of our markets pulled spring business from the second quarter into the first quarter. But this created a significant headwind in the second and third quarters, as the mild winter significantly reduced wear and tear on replacement parts. However, throughout the year, we remained focused on providing top-notch customer service, and were able to finish the year on a positive trend. Overall, the macro environment continues to be challenging, and a high degree of economic uncertainty remains. However, we have not changed our belief that the fundamental drivers for long-term growth in our industry remain intact. Total miles driven in the United States increased 60 basis points through November of last year, while gas prices remained relatively flat year-over-year through December. Over the course of 2012, unemployment rates improved slightly, finishing the year at 7.8%, down from 8.5% at the end of 2011. We expect that these historically high rates will decline over time, and the resulting increase in commuter miles driven will be a tailwind for demand in our industry. We also expect to see -- to continue to see an ongoing aging of the vehicle fleet due to better engineered vehicles capable of staying on the road for longer periods of time, and this will also contribute to the overall industry demand. As we look forward to 2013, we are cautiously optimistic that weather will normalize. We expect year-over-year miles driven to modestly increase, driven by slowly improving unemployment levels, although we expect the consumer will continue to be under pressure throughout the year. We do not anticipate that inflation will be a major factor in our 2013 results. However, we do expect that our comparable store sales will continue to be driven by average ticket increases, as we expect to, again, grow our professional business at a faster rate than the DIY business, especially in the acquired markets. In addition, as we have seen in the industry over the past 10 years, the better engineering of the overall vehicle fleet requires less frequent maintenance than we've historically seen, but the repairs continue to be more costly, resulting in higher ticket averages. Based on these factors, for 2013, we are projecting full year comparable store sales to increase in the range of 3% to 5%. For the first quarter of this year, we expect the solid sales trends we saw in the fourth quarter of 2012 to continue. So far this quarter, we have been pleased with our comparable store sales results. However, we are facing our most difficult comparison of the year with a 7.4% increase in the first quarter of 2012. As a reminder, leap day added approximately 130 basis points to our first quarter 2012 comp results, which will be a significant headwind in the first quarter of this year. We also faced a headwind due to the timing of the Easter holiday, which fell in the second quarter of 2012 but will fall in the first quarter of this year. We expect that this will create a headwind of approximately 20 basis points for the quarter. In light of these factors, along with the pull-forward of spring business into the first quarter of 2012 as a result of the early spring weather in most markets, we are guiding the first quarter comparable store sales in the range of flat to positive 2%, which equates to an increase of approximately 1.5% to 3.5%, excluding the impact of leap day and the timing of the Easter holiday. As we look past the top line on our sequential results for the fourth quarter, we saw improved gross margin driven by strong merchandise margins, as we focused on growing profitable sales, somewhat offset by higher distribution costs as a result of less leverage on a seasonably lower sales volume. On a year-over-year basis, we saw similar improvements in distributions, efficiencies and shrink that we saw throughout 2012. For the full year, our gross margin of 50.1% strongly exceeded our original guidance range of 48.9% to 49.3%. During 2012, the pricing environment remained rational, allowing us to focus on growing profitable sales. Our merchandise group has worked diligently throughout the year, reducing acquisition costs. And our distribution systems teams have focused on efficiency improvements. And our store teams have focused on profitable sales growth and reducing shrink. Overall, we worked extremely hard to expand our gross margin throughout the year, and we're proud of the 110 basis point improvement in the year-over-year gross margin results. For 2013, we expect gross margin to be relatively flat and are guiding to full year gross margin in the range of 49.9% to 50.3%. Our expectation is that we will continue to incrementally improve acquisition costs with these gains being offset by a higher mix of professional customer business, which yields a lower gross margin than our retail business. We expect to continue to improve our distribution efficiencies, especially in our newer DCs, but this improvement will be offset by a reduced benefit from capitalized distribution costs as compared to 2012 related to the store inventory expansion initiatives we completed throughout the year. We would anticipate maintaining our solid shrink results throughout the year. On the expansion front, we again had a very busy year. We accomplished our goal of 180 net new stores, and we are very well positioned to meet our goal of 190 net new stores for 2013. As we previously announced, we opened our 4,000th store on January 19th of this year in Tampa, Florida, marking another significant milestone in our company's history. As we discussed on our third quarter conference call, we are moving forward with the construction of a distribution center in Lakeland, Florida, which will support our expansion further south into the Sunshine State. Finally, I would like to spend a little time discussing our acquisition of the Auto Parts and distribution-related assets of VIP Parts, Tires & Service. VIP is based in the state of Maine and operated 56 stores throughout Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts. VIP will continue to operate the service base of these 56 locations and will operate the Part -- and we will operate the part stores. While this is our first acquisition of a regional chain that is a combination of service and parts store, we have several locations throughout our existing store base, where our store is connected to a service center. While this combined format is clearly not our preference, we feel confident in our ability to execute our dual market strategy in these locations and are pleased to be the primary supplier for the VIP service centers. Over the next 6 to 8 months, we will work to reset our portion of the store, add our signage and planograms, implement our systems and introduce a significantly more effective inventory mix. During the same period, we will modify the existing distribution center to significantly increase the service to those stores and to improve their SKU availability, as well as increase the number of deliveries made from the DC to the stores. Once the store and DC conversion is complete, we will work to aggressively build a professional customer side of the business in these markets. Based on the time required to convert these locations to our business model, we do not expect to see meaningful profitability from these stores in 2013. However, we will be well positioned to grow our market share in 2014 from these locations and begin additional expansion into the Northeast. In addition to the conversion of the VIP stores to the O'Reilly model, we'll continue to actively look for additional bolt-on acquisitions in our existing markets, as well as new markets. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would like to once again thank our team members for another record-breaking year in 2012. Your focus on the fundamentals of providing unsurpassed levels of customer service in the midst of a very challenging macro environment has allowed our company to continue to gain market share, and I want to thank all of you for your commitment to our company's continued success. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Shaw.
Jeff M. Shaw: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. It's an honor to get the opportunity to represent our 53,000 hard-working and dedicated team members on this call. When Greg asked me to begin participating on these calls, I was extremely humbled. What he didn't tell me at the time was Ted wouldn't be here for my first call, so I'd immediately have to try and provide the level of color regarding our operations that Ted has provided for so many years. So I guess, I'll begin today by thanking Ted for this opportunity. Ted, I'm not sure if you're listening in, but I sure hope you're having a great time in South America. Our business has always been, and always will be, about providing consistent and outstanding customer service. We sell parts, but we're really in the customer service business. I'd like to focus my comments today on discussing our operational results for the year on the investments we made during the year to improve our service levels and on the expected impact these investments will make as we look forward into 2013. During 2012, we generated a fairly respectable 3.8% increase in comparable store sales. In the midst of a challenging year for our industry, these results are within our guidance range, but below our expectations. Thanks to the hard work of our team, we finished the year beating our forecasted fourth quarter comparable store sales guidance range, which provides us solid momentum coming into 2013. For the year, our SG&A per store was higher than we expected, finishing at an increase of 2.2% over 2011 and above our beginning-of-the-year guidance of 1.5% to 2% growth. For the fourth quarter, our SG&A as a percentage of sales was 35.4%, a deleverage of 10 basis points over the prior period. And for the year, we finished with 34.3%, a deleverage of 20 basis points over the prior year. The deleverage was primarily due to higher store level payroll and benefit. As I mentioned earlier, we're in the business of providing excellent customer service, and we've been able to profitably grow our business over the long term by being equally committed to providing great service in periods of strong industry growth, as well as in times of less robust growth. Our customers, whether DIY or professional shops, are focused on their bottom line, not ours, and expect great service every time that they call or walk in our stores. Therefore, we always need to be staffed by that top-notch and consistent service we've always been known for over the years. As Ted's mentioned in the past, we do gradually adjust staffing levels in our stores in reaction to the sales environment. However, we don't make dramatic changes resulting in poor service levels in response to short-term periods of slower demand. As a commitment of this -- to always providing great customer service, we've always been able to build market share in both strong and less robust demand environments, as demonstrated by our 20 consecutive years of comparable store sales increases. For 2013, we expect a more normalized year and expect that the relationships that we strengthened and the new ones we built in 2012 will yield even stronger market share gains. In the acquired markets, we continue to see impressive improvements in our ability to execute our dual market strategy. Day-by-day, we're improving our store-level leadership in these markets. And as a result, our ability to provide consistent, excellent customer service continues to improve. The continued strong comparable sales performance of these acquired markets is validation that our ability to consistently execute our dual market strategy is getting better. However, we're not there yet. We're encouraged by the growth we see in these acquired markets. But we feel we have strong growth ahead of us, and we're excited about the continued opportunities that 2013 will bring for these markets. As Greg mentioned, we opened 180 net new stores in 2012. As in the acquired stores, for a new store to perform well, it must have great leadership. With our expanded footprint now across 42 states, we've been able to spread our organic growth over a much wider area. And therefore, we can draw from a deeper bench of future leaders that we've developed internally over time. By placing well-trained and aggressive managers in our 2012 new stores, these locations hit the ground running and performed above expectations. We continue to work throughout 2012 on identifying and developing the next group of solid leaders and are confident that our 190 net new stores in 2013 will be staffed with great managers and teams ready to provide industry-leading customer service. In addition to great leadership, great service requires industry-leading access to the parts customers need. During 2012, we increased our inventory per store by $42,000, representing a total investment of $155 million. We can't stress enough that this store-level inventory deployed closest to the customer. As we planned for 2012, we felt that this investment was necessary to maintain our superior in-stock position. This enhancement -- or this investment entailed the enhancement of SKU breadth stocked in every store. We also evaluated and enhanced our hub store network by adding 48 hub locations, representing a 24% increase over 2011. These additional hubs increased our store-level expenses. However, we firmly believe that this additional expense, along with the additional store-level inventories, has helped build our sales momentum in the latter portion of the year and will generate solid returns in 2013. Over time, there has been a dramatic increase in the number of makes, models and years of vehicles on the road. The resulting expansion of SKUs has made it nearly impossible to stock at the store or hub level all the parts a store needs to provide top-notch customer service. That's the reason why our 24 regionally-deployed DCs play such a vital role in our long-term ability to provide better customer service than our competition. At the same time our DCs were supporting our store-level inventory build in 2012, which was a tremendous accomplishment in and of itself, our DCs and hub networks stepped up the level of service provided to our stores by expanding our weekend deliveries. This increased level of service greatly improved our ability to find those -- provide those hard-to-find parts to our customers over the weekends, significantly improving our DIY service levels, as well as helping our professional customers open on the weekends. I want to take this opportunity to thank our DC leadership team for supporting this higher level of service to our stores, while, at the same time, operating more efficiently and contributing to our improved gross margin. I'd like to finish up today by quickly mentioning our upcoming Managers Conference. Each year, we have the opportunity to get all of our store managers, DMs, RMs and EVPs, as well as our sales and DC management teams together in one place at one time. This is a great opportunity to reinforce that our ability to grow market share truly hinges on providing that top-notch customer service as well the importance of continually identifying, mentoring and promoting the next generation of leadership and, most importantly, perpetuating the O'Reilly culture. We'll use the conference as a springboard to continue our solid sales momentum from the fourth quarter and further leverage the investments we've made in building customer relationships and product availability. Once again, it's an honor to represent all of our team members on this call. Our success has always been the result of the great service each of them provide to our customers everyday, and I can't thank them enough for their hard work and dedication. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Jeff. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and add some color to our guidance for 2013. Comparable store sales for the quarter increased 4.2% on top of the prior year's comps of 3.3%. DIY and professional comps were again both positive for the quarter with professional contributing a larger percent to our growth. Average ticket growth for both the DIY and professional side of the business was again the driver to the comp improvement. For the quarter, sales increased $97 million, comprised of a $57 million increase in comp store sales; a $39 million increase in non-comp store sales; a $2 million increase in non-comp, non-store sales; and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. For the year, sales increased 7% to $6.2 billion, primarily driven by our 3.8% comparable store sales growth, which was on top of the prior year's comps of 4.6%. Our sales guidance for 2013 is $6.6 billion to $6.7 billion. Our comparable store sales guidance is 3% to 5%, driven by expected strong growth on the professional side of the business, especially in the acquired markets and moderate growth in the DIY side of the business. Gross profit for the quarter increased 50 basis points over the prior year. We were able to maintain our strong merchandise margins in the fourth quarter and drive an increased gross margin percentage against the tough compares versus the prior year through distribution efficiencies, improved shrink and a benefit from the amount of capitalized distribution costs. As a result of our initiatives to put more inventory close to our customers, as Jeff has already discussed, we added significantly to our store level inventories during the year. The cost to move this inventory into a sale position in the stores has capitalized on our balance sheet and our overall distribution rate. However, the stock-up inventory -- excuse me, moving the stock-up inventory into place is more efficient than normal orders. So we saw a benefit in our gross margin of approximately 15 basis points for the quarter. For 2013, we expect gross profit as a percent of sales to be 49.9% to 50.3% of sales versus 50.1% in 2012. We expect the mix of professional sales to continue to grow faster than DIY sales, which will put downward pressure on our gross profit as a percent of sales, but we expect to offset this pressure with incremental gains and acquisition costs. We expect to continue to drive improved distribution efficiencies that will offset the year-over-year headwind as we calendar the 2012 benefit from capitalized distribution costs. And our DC and store teams have established a great track record of controlling shrink, and we're expecting to maintain our solid shrink results next year. SG&A for the quarter was 35.4% of sales versus 35.3% in the prior period. SG&A for the full year of 2012 was 34.3% versus 34.1% in the prior year. The 2011 SG&A excludes the benefit from the former CSK officer clawback. Average SG&A per store for 2012 increased 2.2% over 2011, primarily a result of customer-facing store costs Jeff discussed earlier. Looking forward to 2013, we expect to see per store SG&A, excluding the acquired VIP stores, which will require some time to convert to the O'Reilly business model, to increase between 1% and 1.5% as we expect to leverage our existing parallel [ph] infrastructure and drive market share gains that outpace the growth in SG&A. Operating margin for the quarter was 15% of sales, representing a 31 basis point improvement over our 2012 adjusted operating margin, as we saw strong gross margin improvements more than offset the deleverage in SG&A. For the year, we achieved an operating margin of 15.8%, which represents a new record for our company and the achievement 1 year earlier than expected of the 15% operating margin goal we set when we acquired CSK in 2008. Our operating margin guidance for 2013 is 15.8% to 16.2% of sales with the improvement expected to come from the leverage on SG&A, particularly leverage on store payroll and occupancy costs in the acquired CSK stores. The tax rate was 37.6% of pre-tax income for the fourth quarter and 37.8% for the full year of 2012. For 2013, we're expecting the tax rate of approximately 37.4% of pre-tax income based on tax planning strategies we currently have in place. Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $1.14 per share, which represents a 23% increase over adjusted EPS of $0.93 in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the year, EPS was $4.75 per share, which represents a 25% increase over the prior year. As a reminder, adjusted diluted earnings per share for 2011 excludes the one-time charges from our financing transactions in the first quarter of 2011 and the benefit from the former CSK officer clawback in the fourth quarter of 2011. Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to make great progress in improving the productivity of our inventory, net of payables. For the year, our inventory turnover, net of payables, was 7.4x versus 3.4x in 2011. At the end of 2012, our average inventory per store is up 8% to $573,000 versus $531,000 at the end of last year. In 2013, we project inventory per store to be flat, as we continue to identify opportunities to redeploy our investment into more productive inventory. Our vendor financing program has been extremely successful as the catalyst to reducing overall supply chain costs and improving the productivity of our net inventory investment. At the end of 2012, our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 85%, which is another great improvement over the prior year ratio of 64% and our expectation from the beginning of the year to finish 2012 in the 70% to 75% range. In 2013, we expect our gains in AP percentage to moderate, as we expect to continue to make more incremental improvements in vendor terms but also face a headwind from the payments for the store-level inventory build in 2012. As a result, we'd expect our AP to inventory percentage to be relatively flat in 2013. Capital expenditures for 2012 were $301 million, a reduction of $27 million from 2011 primarily due to the opportunities to lease more existing space for new store growth versus own stores. In 2013, we expect a higher CapEx spend in the range of $385 million to $415 million, driven by a planned increase in new store openings from 180 new stores in 2012 to 190 stores in 2013, including a higher mix of own stores, the construction of a DC in Lakeland, Florida and the conversion cost associated with the acquired VIP stores. At the end of the fourth quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.83x, which ranks below our long-term targeted leverage range of 2x to 2.25x. While we've incrementally increased our leverage over time and expect we'll enter our leverage range this year, we remain very committed to maintaining and improving our investment-grade ratings. For the year, free cash flow improved 20% to $951 million versus $791 million in 2011. This strong improvement was driven by increased net income, an improvement of $359 million in net inventory investment and reduced capital expenditures. While we expect to maintain the working capital gains we've made over the past 2 years, we do not expect to generate the same dramatic improvement in our net inventory investment. As a result of this headwind to free cash flow for 2013, combined with the planned CapEx increase in spend of $100 million, we anticipate generating free cash flow of $450 million to $500 million in 2013. With free cash flow this year of $951 million and the net proceeds from incremental borrowings, we were able to aggressively and opportunistically execute our share buyback program. During the fourth quarter, and through the date of our earnings release, we repurchased approximately 5.5 million shares with an average price $88.45. This brings our cumulative share repurchase, since the inception of our program in January of 2011 through yesterday, to 34 million shares with an average price of $76.28. We continue to believe that the best use of our free cash flow is to reinvest in our business by maintaining and growing our store base and consolidate the industry through accretive acquisitions. To the extent these opportunities do not use all of our available cash in 2013, we intend to continue to prudently execute our share buyback program with the $240 million of cash in the balance sheet at the end of the year and additional free cash flow generated during the year. Our guidance for both the first quarter and full year takes into account the shares repurchased through yesterday, but does not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. For the first quarter, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $1.30 to $1.34 a share. For the full year, our diluted EPS guidance is $5.50 to $5.67 a share. At this time, I'd like to ask Yumicki, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Colin McGranahan with Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: First question just on the expansion, moving into Florida, opening up the Lakeland DC and pushing further south. It's obviously a newer market for you and then moving into the Northeast as well. Can you talk a bit about what you're seeing in Florida so far as you expand there and expectations for the Northeast just in terms of store performance, difference in the competitive environment, things like that?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it's still early in Central Florida. We're not into Southern Florida yet. But we are in the Northern Florida, the Panhandle, and had been for a while. And our stores there do very well. It's a pretty good real estate market for us. Our exploration so far has yielded good results from a location standpoint, and we've got several stores going in down there, and we expect to do really well in the Orlando and Tampa markets and several small markets around that area. So, yes, we're excited about it. We think it's a great opportunity for us, and we look forward to having a facility in Lakeland that will allow us to get further south into Florida. In the Northeast, it's way early. We've done a lot of looking around up there, as we've contemplated acquiring a company or 2 up there. And as you know, we acquired VIP. A lot of cars, a lot of traffic, the real estate market, obviously, is a little more difficult. But for most part, where we would locate the majority of our stores outside of the major, major metro areas, we would have part stores in Downtown Manhattan for instance. It looks pretty good. We're excited about the opportunity to expand up there, and we'll use the VIP acquisition as a means for us to expand south out of the far Northeast, and then we'll continue to use our existing store base to expand up into the Northeast. And at some point in the future, we'll be expanding our distribution capability in that area.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. That's great. And then, just a quick follow-up on CSK. Can you talk a little bit about the relative performance differential of the stores in the middle of the country versus the West Coast and how that contributed to the overall comp?
Gregory L. Henslee: I really don't have a -- I mean, the West Coast obviously performs very well, and they're a -- they performed better than the core O'Reilly stores, although the core O'Reilly stores performed well. The upper Midwest stores were our poorest performing stores. And as I said in my prepared comments, that the 25% of the stores that we comprised as maybe being the weather-affected stores, comped about a 200 basis point decrease in our overall comp performance. We would say that maybe the disparity between the non-weather-related stores and the weather-affected stores would be somewhere above 700 basis points, something like that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Wewer with Raymond James & Associates.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up on that comment you noted that the gap between the cold and warm weather markets is 700 or 800 basis points. But did you also indicate in your prepared comments that, by the end of the quarter, those upper Midwest markets were performing in line with the company average?
Gregory L. Henslee: They were comping better. They weren't -- they would have been -- it varies by region. If you put them as a whole, they would have been comping under the average, but they had sequentially improved significantly into December.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Do you think that we have crossed the hurdle where the weather issues that have been impacting those markets are now behind us? And when you look at 2013, are you expecting those markets to perhaps outperform your Southwestern and Western stores given the easy comparisons?
Gregory L. Henslee: Dan, it's hard to really fully get our arms around the effect of the unusual winter we had last year and, to some degree, in many markets, say, a little bit of a soft winter, this winter. There's no question that extremes put pressure on automobiles, and that there's some hard parts failures that result from the cold and hot weather. And the roads, they get potholes in them and so forth. I guess, to answer your question, yes, I would expect those stores that have not performed well as the weather normalizes, to perform much better on the easier comparisons. So, yes, I think they will.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I may just ask my follow-up question for Tom. You noted that you're not expecting any improvement in your payables inventory rate in 2013. I mean, I would certainly understand that the rate of increase gets slow, but I'm surprised that you're not expecting any improvement. Could you, again, maybe walk us through the reason for that?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, the primary reason is we're going to have to have some substantial gains to stay where we are. When we look at the math and we talk about the store-level inventory build this year of $150 million, and when you add additional parts to the stores and that kind of mass, we're able to get special bating [ph] on those orders. So if we have re-bating [ph] on those orders that's come into the numerator and denominator at 100% and they're going to come due this year. So we're going to have to continue to make progress with our vendors through the financing program and through other avenues to maintain that percentage. And if we look back to the beginning of the year, our guidance was 70 to 75. And that -- those stock-up orders helped us surpass that level this year. So we've got some work to do to stay where we are.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: But would not if your inventory per store is flat year-over-year in 2013, that would lead to faster inventory turns, right? And then that mathematically would benefit the payables inventory rate?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, if you look at our days in payables, it's starting to get beyond where our turns are. So it's more of the bigger drivers when do those payments come due for non-typical orders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Greg, the commercial business has always been competitive. But just given the continued focus on the segments from Advance and AutoZone, are there any noticeable changes on the competitive front? And alternatively to that, is there a point where O'Reilly may have to accelerate some investments, whether it's newer systems or more labor, to continue to gain the kind of share that you have in that part of the business?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, yes, it's a competitive business. As I have said to many of you several times, it's -- I've been doing this for a long time, and I think it's always been a very competitive business. There's -- I can think of only a few markets over the years where we didn't have a competitor that was just tough and quality and did a good job. So we're -- our role has always been to go out and identify the markets where there's a lot of commercial business and try to take market share, and it's not easy. So, yes, I think the newer players in that -- in the commercial business coming in certainly adds another element of competition. It doesn't -- hasn't really changed the way that we would go to market because the fundamentals that drive the relationship between a commercial customer and the parts store remain exactly the same. The expectations are the same. We've always been able to build our business by meeting those expectations better than many of our competitors, and I think that we'll continue to do that. From an investment standpoint, for the things that we can do to improve that, it's over a number of years. We've kind of transitioned the way we do that business. We were one of the first companies, I think, to allow our customers to electronically order from our stores, pre-Internet -- or before the Internet was mainstream as it is today. We put terminals in our customer shops and had them electronically order parts from us, and I think we've been pretty innovative in the way that we manage those relationships over the years. And, yes, I think that we'll continue to invest in innovation. I don't see any big game-changer on the horizon that would require significant investment by us to maintain those relationships. I think the things that we see that we need to do, for instance, in 2012, when we increased our weekend deliveries. Some of our professional customers are open on weekends now, whereas back several years ago, maybe there weren't as many open on weekends -- or the national-account type customers are open on weekends. And by increasing our weekend service out of our hubs and DCs to our stores, it makes us a more effective supplier and then just increasing the number of stores that are touched everyday by a hub store or by a distribution center. And when I say by a hub store, many times the hub store itself is touched by the DC on a daily basis, and the hub store touches the stores. So in effect, the store has access to a distribution center breadth of inventory, and that's been very effective for us. So, no, I wouldn't see anything that would change significantly, but we will continue to incrementally make investments as we see fit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Hofkin with William Blair & Company.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a question about the comp outlook. Effectively doing the math, the full year guidance would imply something in the range of a 4% to 6% expectation across quarters 2 through 4 on average. I'm just wondering, how much of that fairly substantial acceleration is due simply to the considerably easier comparisons? How much is due to either current or potential additional initiatives?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it certainly -- we don't ignore the comparisons when we come up with our annual guidance. And having the easier compares in the second and third quarter will allow us to generate a little better comp than we would, assuming that our comp trend continues to be what we think it will be. So I think the things that we've done, from an inventory deployment standpoint by increasing our hub store count, product availability, all the things we can do to drive our business, are going to be helpful. But certainly, the comparisons in the second and third quarter are a consideration.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then, from a gross margin standpoint, could you just review, again, sort of the -- maybe the biggest puts and takes in terms of -- obviously, you've had really substantial gross margin improvement over the years, including 2012. What kind of at the midpoint would make you think about flat versus moderate improvement again in 2013?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we look at big puts and takes. We would tell you, we kind of laid out why we came up with a flat gross margin because we're looking to really maintain the run rates we're at. We have some switch in distribution costs, some switch between professional business and acquisition costs. Our expectation is that if pricing is going to remain rational within our industry and there's not going to be any type large dramatic shift in how we and our competitors have priced over the last 3, 4, 5 years.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And the -- I mean, as far as like at the former CSK stores, obviously, you're seeing the strongest growth in the commercial business there as well. But that said, is there a gross margin benefit to kind of the increase in the mix of hard parts within their business compared to what it was a couple of years ago?
Gregory L. Henslee: That's definitely the case. In general, hard parts carry a better margin, as commodities are on the low end of our margin spectrum. So as we've added more hard parts, both on the professional and the DIY side at CSK, that's helped to offset the pressure from giving professional shops volume discounts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The spread between your comp and that of your competitors that have reported in the last several weeks seems to have expanded quite a bit. Do you have a view or a hypothesis on what drove the expansion? How much do you think it was due to the geographic differences versus some of the initiatives that you've laid out?
Gregory L. Henslee: It's really hard to quantify for us, Michael. We're out there, and I -- I've got Jeff sitting across the table from me, and he manages a lot of great team members that wake up every day, trying to take market share from our competitors. And I feel like we're pretty effective. It's -- we work hard at it. I think, this -- the fourth quarter, we worked extremely hard, focusing on growing quality sales. We could grow ourselves faster if we were not as prudent when it comes to maintaining the price, in which we sell products for you and we're very cognizant of the gross margin, in which we sell products. So what I would say is we're out there, pedaling as hard as we can and trying to gain as much market share as we can. And I think our competitors are doing the same thing. It's just -- it's hard for me to speak to their results compared to ours and the causes of maybe their comp softness as compared to ours.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's helpful. And the second question I had is, over the course of the last few quarters, you've seen some particular weakness in categories that are typically for purchase rather than replenishment. Have -- as the cold weather has set in, have those categories gotten better? And do you expect to see some pent-up demand at least over the next few periods?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I've said in a few -- when I've met with a few analysts in just different venues that I would expect that some of the parts that didn't get replaced last winter, they were parts that were -- would typically fail in extreme weather, would either fail -- for instance, batteries that didn't fail in the winter time. A lot of them failed last summer during the heat, and they'll fail this winter. Our battery business in 2012 was really good. I would expect that some of the chassis parts that have lived a little longer life than they really should have based on them failing due to weather extremes, they would have maybe a little pickup there, maybe some ignition...
Unknown Executive: Brakes.
Gregory L. Henslee: And brakes. Brakes has been a little soft, with the -- yes, they are not being as much weather-affected, corrosion-type stuff as you might see otherwise. So, yes, we would expect to see some pickup in some categories as the weather normalizes.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just a follow-up on that. In the colder weather market, is that what -- are those categories is what -- are what improved?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think that everything do -- has done a little better there at the end of the quarter. But, yes, we saw -- the one that sticks out in my mind is we've seen a significant improvement on our performance on batteries.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alan Rifkin with Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, it was mentioned that your operating margin in 2012 of 15.8% was achieved 1 year earlier than you had originally planned. Looking back at the last 4 years since you acquired CSK -- and I'm sure it's a function of many things, but is your ability to get to that operating margin a year earlier more a function of revenues that are exceeding your plan or greater synergies or greater expense reductions? Can you maybe just shed some color on that?
Gregory L. Henslee: There are several contributing factors. And I'll make a comment. And then, Tom, you may have some comments too. Obviously, growing our revenue out there has been helpful. But the synergies, from a new product acquisition standpoint and maybe a mix standpoint and also some improvements that we've made in the way we deploy products and some of our private-label branding, those things are significant contributors. So, Tom, I don't know if you have a comment on which one you think is the biggest contributor.
Thomas G. McFall: When we look back at our model when we bought CSK, the opportunity from a scale standpoint to reduce our acquisition cost was quite a bit more than what we thought. We've done a little bit better on the expenses than we thought. And sales continue to be an item that we're very pleased with. But as Jeff mentioned in his prepared comments, yes, we still have a lot of opportunity to improve our market share on the West Coast.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. On the last call, you guys were kind enough to give us longer-term expansion opportunities out of Lakeland. Would you be able to shed some color on how many stores in 2, 3, 5 years you guys think you can have [ph] in the new market over the Northeast?
Gregory L. Henslee: I would rather not speculate on that. We've not planned our distribution strategy up there yet. Yes, we'll have a lot of stores up there. But I really -- I would be completely speculating to give you a count. And considering that we've not planned our distribution strategy and haven't done all the detailed market analysis that we'll need to do to define where we put DCs, how many DCs, how many stores those service. I would rather save that for another day.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. One last one, if I may. Greg, if you take your commentary over the last 4 years in terms of the CSK stores, year-in and year-out, outperforming the legacy stores, our math would tell us that those stores today are doing $1.6 million and $1.7 million. And I know that in the past, you've been -- your statement has been, "Our goal is to get them to $1.8 million." But there's come a point in the not-too-distant future or maybe you revisit the longer-term opportunity on the revenue side for those former CSK stores?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we threw that $1.8 million number out there early on just as a speculation as to where we thought those major metro market stores could get based on our experience in major metro markets in the core O'Reilly stores. We've never felt like that we would rest when we get to $1.8 million because we obviously are going to try to gain as much market share as we can. Yes, we've gained a lot of market share in the Western CSK stores. The upper Midwest Chicago, Detroit stores, the gains there have been somewhat affected by the weather events [indiscernible] of our competitors have talked about to some degree. So if I carve those out and look just at the regular CSK stores, we've come a long way in getting to the average that we talked about. But, yes, at some point, we may talk about a different target. But again, the idea is there's -- this target is just to -- early on was just to give some idea for analysts as to where we thought we could take the majority of those stores. It's not an internal target by any means. Our internal target is to gain as much market share as we possibly can, and it's very -- there's a very detailed evaluation on a by-store basis as to what we feel like our market entitlement should be, and our store managers and district managers and regional managers are out there today striving to get us to that point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Balter with Crdit Suisse.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a question, Greg and David and Tom and everybody. Your results, kind of, in the middle of last year, kind of, slowed down and joined the pack. And since then, you've gotten back to doing much stronger results than we've seen from the other public competitors, at least. What changed in your mind? Like, was there a refocus on maybe operational excellence? Or could you talk about, kind of, what got you remotivated and we're seeing in the results?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I -- we didn't -- we don't feel like we ever weren't motivated. We worked really hard to drive sales in the fourth quarter. We worked hard through the summer too. We're very consistent executors of our business model, and we've not really -- we didn't change anything in the fourth quarter. And we have -- we did go through a process of evaluating some supply chain opportunities that we had as far as making inventory available on a same day basis to more stores and looking at some of the newer stores whose inventory could potentially yield better results if it was a little larger, and we went through this process of investing in inventory last year that we think has generated some good results. So I would say that we tried no harder in the fourth quarter to drive sales than we did in the second and third quarter. I think some of the changes that we made from a supply chain standpoint and from an inventory availability standpoint have benefited us and will for the long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First of all, you alluded when you discussed gross margin to the capitalization of certain distribution costs associated with inventory accumulation, and I know we hear about this periodically. It feels like more in the auto parts sector than in some other industries. Can you just give us a brief refresher on how this accounting works? And I think you discussed this being a barrier or hurdle for you as you enter 2013?
Gregory L. Henslee: Jeff, do you want to handle that one?
Jeff M. Shaw: I still owe you. When we look at our merchandise, we have the cost of the product and we have the cost of getting the product into a salable position. So as we move inventory into the DCs, it has a certain additional value that gets capitalized. As we move it into the stores at even a higher value. And then, as we sell that merchandise, we expense not only the cost of the merchandise, but the cost to get it in place. So as the inventory in the stores rises, the value of the cost to get it in place rises on our balance sheet. To the extent that inventory and the cost to distribute stays the same over time, it has a net 0 impact. When inventories go up, it reduced -- it is an offset to our distribution costs. When inventories go down, that -- or don't go up as much year-over-year, it's a less of an offset to our distribution costs. So when we look at next year, we are going to have a less of a build of inventory, a less of a benefit from adding that value, so it will create a headwind.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The 15 basis points you discussed, for the quarter or for the year?
Jeff M. Shaw: That was the fourth quarter number. The third quarter number was larger than that, and that's versus 2011. When we look at our headwind for 2013, it was going to be a little bit more than that for total.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A little bit more than that going the other way, you're saying?
Jeff M. Shaw: Correct.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, just another follow-up on gross margin. Clearly, as you've gained commercial share and CSK has achieved incremental commercial penetration, there's some headwind to your gross margin that's, in part, offset some of the other things that have gone right. On that line item, could you give us a rough quantification of what that drag has been in any given year whether that number's moving around a lot over the past few years?
Jeff M. Shaw: I would tell you, we have -- when we originally purchased CSK, when we looked at what the professional side was and what we thought the margin impact was going to be, we had a -- our expectation was it was going to be a pretty significant number. What I'd tell you is, over the last 4 years, it's really been a net 0. CSK was selling a lot of not -- items that weren't hard parts that didn't create great margin. And as we've transitioned the business away from ancillary products to hard parts, on both the DIY side and the professional side, those products and themselves generated better POS margin. So we've seen that balance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give a little bit of a retrospective and forward-look as to how you think about inflation, '11, '12 and '13?
Gregory L. Henslee: Tom, do you want to speak to that?
Thomas G. McFall: I will be glad to. We were -- if we look at this year, we were pretty -- we would say we had a below-average inflation year. We've expect, just like any other retailer, to see 1.5% inflation for the year as gross margins percentage stay the same and acquisition cost goes up, that helps to fund inflation and wages and inflation also in occupancy costs. If we look at 2012, we saw larger-than-normal rate and was a helper for comps in 2011 and about average in 2010.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So 2012 was above the 1.5% -- 2011 was above the 1.5%, 2012 was below, and then sort of back to normal in 2013?
Thomas G. McFall: That would be our expectation.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, a couple of follow-up, cleanup questions. On that headwind to capitalize inventory costs, Is that -- should we think about that headwinds in the back half as you cycle? Or how does that play out?
Thomas G. McFall: We look at the flow of our gross margin, we would expect the last 2 quarters to be a tougher compare because of that.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, Greg...
Thomas G. McFall: By the way, slightly better in the first half of the year, slightly below in the second half of the year, of course, with the backdrop of inflation and the pricing environment to be determined.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And, Greg, you mentioned on the cold weather being a pickup in the batteries. Is it -- as you look out today, I mean, is it just that the tough comparison -- you're seeing in the underlying data maybe where we shouldn't expect to see an overall comp because of the compare but you're seeing the lift actually underneath in batteries and brake pad and some of those other areas?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I'm [indiscernible] well, we haven't seen them so much in brake pads as we have seen in batteries. Batteries are something that have a very specific life. When a battery dies, it's dead and it's not going to work. You can charge it and maybe make it start the car again or you can jump start it. But when it's dead, it's dead. Brakes are a different story. When a brake pad gets metal to metal, it's worn out and you're done. But a lot of brakes in good times get replaced before they're worn out because as tires get rotated, people decide to go in and have their brake pads replaced at that time. And then from a corrosion standpoint, some of the brake components fail quicker because of corrosion due to salt on the roads and stuff like that. So what I was saying is that some of the parts that didn't get replaced and that would be more weather-related, those will be replaced. It's just been pushed a little further in time and that we have seen improvement in batteries and some of that could very well be due to the batteries that didn't fail last winter that failed during the summer or this winter.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Perfect. And one final one. I would love to get your thoughts on how you're talking internally about the potential impact from the payroll tax increase.
Gregory L. Henslee: Tom, do you want to take that?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, that's something that we, like any other retailer, want to see people with -- walking around with money in their pockets. To-date, we haven't seen a significant change from that, but that would be a headwind this year as our type of customer has less discretionary income spend. So that's built within our comp expectations.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But tough to see anything quite yet?
Thomas G. McFall: Correct.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Greg Henslee, Chief Executive Officer.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Yumicki. We would like to conclude our call today by, again, thanking our 53,000 members of Team O'Reilly for their commitment to providing the best customer service in our industry. 2012 was another record-breaking year for our company, and our continued success is the direct result of your hard work. As we look forward to 2013, I'm confident that we are well positioned to continue our strong record of profitable growth, supported by your dedication to the fundamental concept that taking care of every customer every day is the key to our long-term success. I'd like to thank everyone for joining our call today. We're very proud of our performance in 2012, and we look forward to reporting our first quarter 2013 results in April. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President Ted F. Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Paula and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly Automotive Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. McFall, you may begin your conference.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Paula. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, such as CSK, weather,terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. I would like to begin today by thanking all the members of Team O'Reilly for their commitment to our ongoing success by providing industry-leading customer service. In the midst of a quarter where we saw continued impact from a challenging economy and the lingering effects of a mild winter, we were still able to increase comparable store sales by 1.3%, which was on top of a 4.8% increase in comparable store sales in the prior year and on top of a challenging 2-year stacked comparable store sales of 15.9%. Our relentless focus on profitable growth, combined with a solid expense control allowed us to increase operating margin to an all-time quarterly high of 16.4%. During the quarter, our focus on generating profitable sales, especially in the midst of the current challenging macro environment, combined with disciplined capital allocation, allowed us to increase our diluted earnings per share by 20%, marking our 15th consecutive quarter of adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 15% or greater. We are all contributors to the success of our company and our continued dedication to providing both our professional and DIY customers with the highest level of service each day will allow us to continue our profitable growth. Again, thanks to all of Team O'Reilly for your commitment to our continued success. Now I'd like to add some color around our sales results for the third quarter. As we discussed on our second quarter earnings results conference call in July, the third quarter included an extra Sunday, which created an approximate 50 basis point headwind to comparable store sales, and we continue to see our sales performance impacted on a regional basis by the warm winter weather we experienced at the beginning of the year. The most pronounced impact from this historically warm winter has been on our Central and Upper Midwest and Great Lakes regions and has primarily pressured the maintenance and repair categories where we didn't see the normal winter weather wear and tear that typically leads to failure of a variety of parts. These areas significantly underperformed, the areas of our company that are in more temperate regions. Despite the softer than anticipated results for these regions, our company generated positive comp store sales results all 3 months of the quarter and we saw moderate improvements in comparable store sales throughout the quarter, adjusting for the extra Sunday we experienced in the month of September. The extra Sunday during the month impacted our professional business as our customers' shops were closed an extra day and, as a result, the sequential slow down from the second to the third quarter in comparable store sales was impacted more by the do-it-for-me sales than do-it-yourself sales. Adjusted for the extra Sunday, the slowdown in comparable store sales was relatively similar between both DIY and do-it-for-me. However, both sides of the business generated positive comparable store sales results during each month of the quarter. The CSK acquired markets continue to out comp the core O'Reilly markets and continue to be accretive to the total company comp performance. Our core O'Reilly markets were relatively flat for the quarter. However, these markets contain the majority of the weather-impacted stores. As I discussed earlier, our core O'Reilly markets have a much larger mix of professional business and, as such, were impacted to a greater degree by the extra Sunday in the period. Total traffic continues to be pressured by the difficult macro environment, with positive do-it-for-me traffic being offset by soft do-it-yourself traffic counts. Average ticket was positive on both sides of the business as we continue to see a larger percentage of our sales generated in the hard parts categories and with the increasing complexity of vehicles on the road today, repairs continue to be more and more costly. In the short term, we frequently experience various strengths and weaknesses across different regions and categories. However, these periods of short-term volatility, partially driven by weather, do not change our confidence in the long-term outlook for our business. Motor vehicles have historically been the primary source of transportation for consumers in the United States and will continue to be the primary source of transportation long into the future. Annual miles driven in the U.S. increased 90 basis points through August and continues to be approximately 3 trillion miles, and the total light vehicle population is increasing. Sustained vehicle scrappage rates and better engineered and manufactured vehicles have driven the average age of vehicles to historically high levels. In our history, we have not experienced a time where the vehicle fleet has been comprised of so many vehicles which are greater than 7 years old, and we believe that consumers will continue to maintain these vehicles better engineered -- maintain these better engineered and older vehicles for longer and longer periods of time, driving continued demand for our products. Overall for the quarter, our comparable store sales came in near the low end of our expectations and, needless to say, we were not satisfied with these results. The macro environment continues to be a headwind with low consumer confidence and sustained high gas prices. Unemployment continues to maintain its historically high level, although it has slowly improved over the course of the year. To offset these challenges, we continue to focus on the fundamental concepts of providing top-notch customer service supported by a robust distribution infrastructure, which has allowed us to continue to grow into new markets while also gaining share in existing markets. We have seen solid improvements in our comparable store sales performance during the first several weeks of October and we are cautiously optimistic this stronger sales trend will continue as winter sets in across the country. However, the fourth quarter has historically been a volatile quarter for us as economically constrained consumers start the custom of holiday spending. In addition, the timing of the holiday this year will likely negatively impact our results in the fourth quarter. Based on our improving trends, somewhat offset by the timing of the holiday, we are raising our comparable store sales guidance as compared to the third quarter to a range of 2% to 4%. Despite our lower than expected comp performance during the summer, our year-to-date comparable store sales have increased 3.7% on top of 4.9% last year. For the first 9 months of 2012, we have also been able to increase our adjusted diluted earnings per share by 25% to $3.60 as we continue to focus on profitable growth and disciplined capital allocation. During the third quarter, we continue to see improvement in our gross margin, which was up 117 basis points over the prior year and 39 basis points over the prior quarter. These improvements have been driven by our continued ability to improve our acquisition costs along with a very targeted and focused advertised price strategy. Our distribution centers continue to perform at historically efficient levels and we also continue to see improved shrink results. The pricing environment continues to be competitive but also remains rational. As we have continued to increase our store level inventories as part of our initiative to increase our store and hub in-stock levels, which I will discuss in a moment, we saw a non-recurring benefit from capitalized distribution costs that benefited our gross margin in the quarter by approximately 25 basis points. In a few minutes, Ted will discuss our distribution system efficiencies and Tom will provide more color on the specific components of our gross margin performance. For the fourth quarter, we would expect our gross margin results to be down sequentially based on the anticipated lower level of capitalized distribution costs and we therefore expect our full-year gross margin to finish in the 49.8% to 50% range. Now I would like to take a few minutes to update everyone on some of our key initiatives. First, I would like to update everyone on our initiative to improve customer service levels by increasing our store level inventories. As I mentioned on previous calls, we have evaluated our store and hub stocking levels and based on multiple data points, and made the decision to invest an additional $100 million in store level inventories. We have done an extensive review using a variety of very sophisticated proprietary systems and have worked with over 250 vendors to determine the most appropriate inventory to add to each store. Through the end of the third quarter, we have approximately 80% of the inventory rolled out to the stores and would anticipate rolling out the remaining 20% during the fourth quarter of this year. Over time, this additional inventory will help drive sales and enhance relationships with our customers. We remain committed to remaining the industry leader in parts availability. The next initiative I would like to comment on is our enhanced proprietary electronic parts catalog. Our new electronic catalog has been rolled out to all of our stores and continues to improve the level of service that we are able to provide our customers. As I have mentioned on prior calls, the proprietary catalog allows us to expand the content and applications covered as compared to our previous catalog, while also customizing a more user-friendly interface, making the catalog easier to learn and to navigate. We continue to make improvements to the catalog based on our team's feedback and we will continue to enhance the system in order to build the most robust catalog in our industry. We remain confident that the new electronic catalog allows our professional parts people to provide even higher levels of service to our customers and will result in improved sales growth over time. Finally, I would like to briefly comment on our B2C e-commerce initiatives. One of our major initiatives is to ensure we have a user-friendly online interface, which allows our customers to search product and repair content, check our in-store availability of products and place orders which can be delivered to their homes or picked up that day in our stores. One of the major factors in a consumer's buying decision is parts availability. DIY customers are relying more heavily on the Internet to research purchases and check availability, and providing a friendly and convenient interface for these customers while continuing to build the O'Reilly brand. This is an ongoing evolution, thus we will continue to enhance the functionality of our online store to meet this growing need. Before I turn the call over to Ted, I just wanted to comment that while our comparable store sales for the third quarter were lower than we would have preferred, we were encouraged by our sales performance to this point in the fourth quarter and are optimistic about the long-term outlook for our industry. We believe our commitment to providing the highest levels of customer service in our industry will allow us to capitalize on this positive long-term outlook. I would like to, again, thank all of our Team Members for their continued focus on making sure that every customer that calls or comes in our stores experiences the incredible customer service we offer. I'll now turn the call over to Ted.
Ted F. Wise: Thanks, Greg and good morning, everyone. Before I get into my comments for the third quarter, I want to take a minute to thank our store and distribution teams for their continued dedication and commitment. With the challenging sales environment that we have experienced over the last several months, we are more aware than ever before that the long-term success is built day by day, one customer at a time. Our store and DC teams continue to provide top-notch customer service every day. I want to thank them for their hard work. We saw a continued challenging macro environment in the third quarter, and Greg spoke to some of the regional variations we saw in our results so I won't rehash those comments. What I would like to focus on today is our commitment to long-term profitable growth. Expense control has always been a core culture value for O'Reilly so we always want to have productive store payroll while allowing for some extra payroll dollars and hours necessary to continue growing the business. As a result, in difficult macro sales environments, we can't make immediate significant changes to our SG&A structure without negatively impacting service levels. However, we do make well-thought-out adjustments to our SG&A to ensure we react to sustain sales trend but always keeping the focus on maintaining our long-term profitable growth. Our third quarter results shows our ability to, over time, adjust our SG&A while protecting sales as we deleveraged by only 43 basis points on a soft 1.3% comparable store sales growth. For the first 6 months of 2012, our SG&A per store had increased to 2.8% over the prior year. However, due to store-by-store adjustments to payroll and adjustments to our advertising spend, we were able to decrease the year-over-year increase to 2% at the end of the third quarter. Our single largest controllable expense is store payroll and we continue to focus on staffing each store with the right people at the right time in order to deliver top-notch customer service and grow the business while, at the same time, reacting to the slower sales environment. Our store staffing and leadership remains the key priority for the O'Reilly store management team. Our regional and district managers continually work on training and building our store teams and making sure that we have the right leadership in the stores, not only during the day but also on nights and weekends. Our focus is on superior execution at every store, every day. In early September, we hosted our annual regional managers meeting. During the meeting with our regional managers, the main topic of the conversation centered around the idea that every region and every district around the country has opportunities for improvement, that we needed to concentrate our efforts on improving the performance on the bottom 20% of our stores in every district, in every region. Our focus in these stores needs to be consistent execution of our proven business model. Understanding that every region has stores, which outperform the others, it is apparent that the success of those stores is the result of having great store leadership and consistent superior customer service. We have tasked and challenged our regional managers with improving the leadership and the customer service of these underperforming stores in their regions. And by improving the performance of these stores one by one, we will see solid impact on our company-wide performance. Another important focus of the regional managers meeting was the execution of an effective professional customer sales call program. Currently, the O'Reilly sales team consists of over 500 full-time dedicated territory sales managers and in addition, every store has a trained sales specialist that's assigned a weekly call schedule on a part-time basis. Our goal for our 4500-plus O'Reilly sales team is to make quality sales calls to build strong relationships with every professional customer in their individual markets and become the first call for their business. Another area where we have the ability to control our expense in the short term is advertising. We continue to focus our advertising and marketing spend on print and radio, with targeted promotions to drive traffic into our stores and build O'Reilly brand awareness. However, during the quarter and for the remainder of the year, we closely scrutinized our advertising spend and opted to pull back on some of our non-core advertising programs. As we did in the second quarter, we ran call to action-themed promotional events with intentions to drive traffic into our store. When a customer comes into the store, our team member's responsibility is to provide them with exceptional customer service, offer them related sale items and pursue upsell opportunities. The goal of these call to action events is to generate foot traffic into the stores and create a positive customer interaction, so when the customer is in need of a hard part down the road, O'Reilly is top of the mind. We also continue to build our brand awareness to new and existing customers through our NASCAR and our NHRA race sponsorships, as well as grassroots marketing through local and regional races and the various community events. During the fourth quarter and into the new year, we will again be a big sponsor of college basketball with on- and off-court signage. Now I would like to discuss our distribution operations. The DCs continue to see improved efficiencies and have managed expenses very well in this difficult macro sales environment. Our established DCs have managed the lower-than-expected sales volumes very well by adjusting staffing needs as needed and our newer DCs continue to see efficiency improvements. The store level inventory enhancement project Greg spoke about earlier put a heavy burden on our DCs as significant stock-up volumes moved into and through our distribution network this year. However, even with this additional volume, our DC operations management team has effectively managed this project while continuing to provide industry-leading service to our stores. Now I'd like to take this opportunity to talk about our future distribution network expansion. We are very pleased to announce plans to open a new DC in Lakeland, Florida. The 390,000 square foot DC is scheduled to open in the first quarter of 2014 and will service our existing stores in Northern Florida and support our expansion into Central and Southern Florida. Florida is a largely untapped market for us that offers tremendous potential for both the DIY and the professional sides of our business. Currently, the real estate market in Florida is very attractive and the state offers great opportunities in both large and small markets. We currently have over 50 stores in the state, primarily in Northern Florida. Our 2012 and 2013 expansion plan is to continue to expand farther south, servicing the new stores out of our existing Atlanta and Mobile distribution centers. Central Florida will also be supported by our super hub stores, which were opened during the first part of this year. Through these expansion efforts, we will open the new Lakeland distribution center with the proper store count to leverage the new DC from day one. Finally, I would like to briefly speak to our expansion efforts during the first 9 months of this year. During the quarter, we opened 37 net new stores, covering 20 states. 8 of these new stores came from our acquired Western market stores. We continue to see good expansion opportunities in the Western markets as we more thoroughly understand the individual markets and build the O'Reilly brand awareness. For the year, we have opened 156 net new stores and we are highly confident we will hit our goal of 180 net new stores in 2012. We're also happy to announce that we will increase our store count for 2013 to a net 190 new stores. We plan to open new stores next year across our entire existing distribution network, as well as expand the new markets in central Florida. During this quarter we also relocated 9 stores and completed 22 existing store renovations as we remain committed to keeping our installed store base looking fresh and ensuring they're attractive locations for our DIY customers. We continue to evaluate the existing West Coast leased-store locations, especially the stores which are located in strip centers. As the leases near expiration dates, we are actively negotiating with existing landlords to get the best possible lease rates and, where we have the opportunity, relocate the store to a standalone location. This will be an ongoing process over the next few years as the acquired CSK West Coast store leases come up for renewal. Now before I turn the call over to Tom, I just want to reemphasize that we remain focused on providing customers with consistent store level execution of our proven dual-marketing strategy. We will continue to manage the business to be successful in times of strong and weaker demand but are always focused on growing our market share and providing industry-leading customer service while controlling costs and managing expenses, leading to profitable long term growth. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and add some color to our guidance. Comparable store sales for the quarter increased 1.3% on top of a 4.8% comp last year and an 11.1% comp 2 years ago, yielding a 3-year stacked comp of 17.2%. Year-to-date, our comparable store sales increased 3.7% on top of prior-year comps of 4.9%. DIY and DIFM were, again, both positive for the quarter with DIFM contributing a larger percentage to the growth. Average ticket growth for both DIY and DIFM sides of the business was again the driver to the comp improvement. We continued to see pressure on our DIY traffic counts, which were down for the quarter but were partially offset by positive DIFM traffic counts for the period. For the quarter, sales increased $66 million, comprised of a $20 million increase in comp store sales, a $47 million increase in non-comp store sales, flat non-comp, non-stores sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. As Greg mentioned earlier, while we are encouraged by the improving comparable store sales trends thus far through October, we remain cautious about consumer confidence levels and the potential impact on spending during the remainder of the fourth quarter, especially during the volatile holiday season. In addition, as a reminder, our stores are closed on Christmas Day and, because of the timing of Christmas this year as compared to last year, it moves from a Sunday in 2011 to a Tuesday in 2012, we anticipate this change will have an approximately 50 basis point headwind on comparable store sales for the fourth quarter. With these factors in mind, our guidance for comparable store sales for the fourth quarter is 2% to 4%. Based on these projected fourth quarter comp sales and the softer than expected third quarter sales results, we're revising our full-year comparable store sales guidance down from 3% to 5%, to 3% to 4% for the year. We're also revising the top end of our full-year sales guidance for 2012 down slightly, bringing our full-year sales guidance to $6.15 billion to $6.2 billion. Gross margin for the third quarter increased 117 basis points over the prior year to 50.3% of sales, bringing our year-to-date gross margin to 50%, which is a 128 basis point improvement over the prior period. Improved acquisition costs, shorter duration and targeted advertising strategies, distribution efficiencies and improved strength, all continue to drive our gross margin improvement. During the quarter, we also saw the benefit from the amount of capitalized distribution costs. As a result of our ongoing inventory rollout associated with our initiative to put more inventory closer to our customers, we added significantly to our store level inventories during the quarter. The cost to move this inventory into a salable position in the stores is capitalized on our balance sheet at an overall distribution rate. However, moving this stacked-up inventory into place is more efficient than normal orders, so we saw a one-time benefit in gross margin of approximately 25 basis points for the quarter. We would expect the fourth quarter gross margin as a percent of sales to be lower than the third quarter due to this one-time benefit, product mix and seasonally lower sales volumes. The fourth quarter of 2011 represented the first quarter we reached our current gross margin run rate just below 50%, so we expect the fourth quarter of 2012 to be relatively similar to the prior year. Based on the results of the third quarter and our expectations for the fourth, we are raising our full-year guidance to 49.8% to 50% of sales. SG&A for the third quarter delevered 43 basis points to 33.9% of sales. The deleverage was the result of softer than expected comparable store sales as we planned our SG&A spend around the middle of our comp guidance for the third quarter. As Ted discussed, we have made adjustments to better match this slower sales environment and we will continue to make adjustments to reduce the year-over-year growth of SG&A through the end of the year. As a result, for the full year, we anticipate that average SG&A per store will increase less than 2%. For the third quarter, operating margin was 16.4% of sales, representing a record high quarterly operating margin and a 74 basis point improvement over the prior year. The deleverage in SG&A was more than offset by the improvements in gross margin. For the first 9 months of 2012, operating margin improved 106 basis points to 16.1% of sales. For the full year, we now anticipate operating margin to be in the range of 15.5% to 15.8% of sales. Diluted earnings per share for the third quarter increased 20% to $1.32 a share from $1.10 for the same period last year. For the first 9 months of 2012, diluted earnings per share increased 25% to $3.60 a share from an adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.88 during the same period last year. As a reminder, adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first 9 months of 2011 excludes the one-time charges for our financing transactions from January of 2011. Now we'll move on to the balance sheet. Our focus on improving the productivity of our net inventory investment continues to gain traction. For the trailing 12 months ended September 30, 2012, our inventory turnover net of payables increased to 6x versus 3x for the comparable period last year. At the end of the third quarter, our average inventory per store is up 5% to $567,000 versus $542,000 per store at the end of the third quarter last year. For the full year, we expect average inventory per store to increase approximately 7% as a result of our store and hub on-hand inventory initiative. Our vendor financing program continues to see increased vendor participation and has been the catalyst to reducing overall supply chain costs and improving the productivity of our net inventory investment. At the end of the third quarter, our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 84.4%, which is another great improvement over the prior year ratio of 59.3%. We now expect to finish the year at approximately 84%, slightly lower than our current ratio due to the seasonality of the business and payment for a portion of the inventory ordered earlier in the year as part of the store and hub inventory initiatives. For the first 9 months of 2012, we increased our free cash flow 37% to $816 million from $597 million for the same period 1 year ago. The improvement is driven by the increase in net income, our significant improvement in our net inventory investment and reduction in capital expenditures. For the full year, we're increasing our free cash flow guidance to $830 million. For the year, we expect capital expenditures to be between $300 million and $320 million. From the beginning of the year, we've reduced our expected annual capital expenditures approximately $20 million as we saw attractive opportunities to lease more existing sites that we had planned. In 2013, we expect a higher CapEx spend as we plan to open a higher mix of owned stores and we work on the new Lakeland DC. We're working on our more detailed 2013 plan for CapEx spend and will provide more details on our fourth quarter conference call. During the third quarter, we issued $300 million in 10-year senior notes at 3.8%. We are very pleased with the coupon rate and we are committed to maintaining and improving our investment grade credit rating going forward. With the additional debt issuance at the end of the quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA was a 1.85x, an increase over our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.66x at the end of the second quarter of this year and 1.81x at the end of the third quarter last year. We will continue to incrementally move toward our long-term targeted leverage ratio of 2x to 2.25x. From the beginning of the year and through the date of our earnings release, we repurchased 14.2 million shares of our stock at an average price of $88.95 for a total investment of $1.3 billion. This brings our life-to-date repurchases to 30.1 million shares at an average price of $74.45 for a total investment of $2.2 billion. We continue to believe that the best use of our free cash flow is to reinvest in our business by maintaining and growing our store base and consolidating the industry through accretive acquisitions. To the extent these opportunities do not use our available cash, for the remainder of the year, we'll continue to prudently execute our share repurchase program. Our guidance for both the fourth quarter and full-year takes into account shares repurchased through the date of our earnings release, but does not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. For the fourth quarter, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $1.03 to $1.07 per share. For the full year, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $4.64 to $4.68 per share. At this time, I'd like to ask Paula, the operator, to return to the line and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Paula?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Alan Rifkin of Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of questions if I may. So Greg, in the past, you had talked about performance of CSK stores, over the longer course of time, getting to $1.8 million per store. I think it's been a little while since you updated that number. Could you maybe give us an update as to where that is today and do you still think the $1.8 million is an achievable number?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, we do. The CSK stores are divided into different sections of the country, and the upper Midwest stores have not performed as well as the Western stores. And we relate that primarily to just the weather effect that we've seen throughout the industry as a result of the milder winter last year. Speaking of the Western stores for just a moment, they've continued to perform very well and we're well down the road to getting to our $1.8 million goal, and we would expect that we will do that in what, Tom, would you guess? Somewhere in 2014, probably?
Thomas G. McFall: Alan, as you know, we're getting away from giving regional performance as it causes competitive issues for us, but we continue to make very good progress. We continue to be very comfortable we'll hit the $1.8 million number and then we'll set a new goal from there.
Gregory L. Henslee: And Alan, just to add something to that for you, when we set that, part of the rationale was that many of the markets that we do business in today, big metro markets like Houston or Dallas/Fort Worth or just other large markets where we have a large population base, a lot of miles driven and a lot of vehicles, our stores today exceed that $1.8 million average in many markets, and it's not a stretch for us to expect that in these larger markets out west. It's just taking time, as we expected and as we talked about when we bought CSK, to ramp the stores up to that rate, but we fully expect that we'll get that and, in some markets, even past that.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a follow-up if I may. So Greg, with more and more of the competition certainly targeted at the commercial side of the business, which has long been your mainstay side of the business, I mean, what incrementally are you guys doing to defend your share on that side of the business?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're work -- as I talked about it earlier, we're putting -- strategically placing more inventory out in the stores and kind of beefing up our hub network. We continue to educate our team members on the best ways to manage relationships, the best ways to use our professional customer promotions to maintain relationships with customers. And the main opportunity with any relationship with a professional customer is just the level of service that you provide. So we're making sure that our team members have the facilities and assets they need to give the best customer service in the industry. And we think we've been very successful in defending against more retail competitors as they come into that business. So we feel like we've done a good job defending our market share there.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And one last one if I may. The 390k DC in Lakeland, Florida, is even larger than what we thought. First of all, how many stores do you think you can ultimately have in the southern portion of the state and how many of the 190 earmarked for 2013 will be in Florida?
Gregory L. Henslee: I'll have Ted give some color on that.
Ted F. Wise: Alan, we're thinking probably in the 300 to 350 range for Florida, total, and the DC will handle that. In other words, that'll take care of the entire state. And then as far as expansion in 2013, like I said, we've got about 51 stores open now and we would expect to probably have another 25 open next year. We're going, to some degree, kind of push those back towards the end of the year to make sure, from a service level standpoint, that the DC is opened relatively quick after stores open in the central part. Like I said, we have 2 hub stores, super hub stores open now in central Florida, which will help a lot as far as the same-day service on parts availability, in addition to overnight out of our Atlanta and Mobile DC. So I think there will probably be about 25 of our stores will be in Central Florida next year.
Gregory L. Henslee: And then just something to add to that, Alan, is that part of the rationale with the square footage there is to take some pressure off our Atlanta and our Mobile DCs, which are servicing some of that area now, which is a little bit of a stretch for the ideal range for those distribution centers.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gary Balter of Credit Suisse.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Alan asked about the professional side. Could you talk about what you're doing on the DIY side? That seems to have been the weaker area and remains the weaker area. What efforts are doing to try to...
Gregory L. Henslee: We're doing a lot of work on the product offerings that we have in place to draw the DIY customer more to -- in many cases, expanding our private label products, making sure that we're price competitive on the entry-level products. From a store staffing perspective, we're working to make sure that our stores are staffed for nights and weekends, which is typically when the DIY business happens for the most part. From a system standpoint, I talked earlier about our electronic catalog. A big part or a big push with this electronic catalog is the content that exists to express to a customer that's maybe working on their own car, the things they might do to fix a car, help them diagnose the problem. Just give our parts specialist better information when discussing with a DIY customer the process that they might go through to repair a car. And all those things over time, we think culminate into a higher level of customer service to the DIY customer and we think it's working for us. As we've talked about in the past, our average DIY volume per store versus some of our competitors leaves us with an obvious opportunity to grow market share there, and we're working today to do that.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just a follow-up and you kind of addressed your gross margin a number of times during the call, but one of your competitors, earlier this week, talked about promotional activity in the sector. It was very hard to see in your strong gross margin results and it doesn't sound like that has anything to do with the guidance you're giving for Q4. What are you seeing in the environment right now?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the promotions that we all run are pretty similar. They're promotions on the DIY side that would be for commonly used items, maintenance items like oil changes and motor oil and filters and stuff like that. And we run them pretty similarly priced. I guess the variance between us would be the frequency at which we run them, the length we run them, the number of products we run at one time. So we've not seen any major change among any of our competitors with what they do there. What we have seen on the do-it-for-me side is just the work that a company coming into the do-it-for-me side will do to draw a customer to them. And since in many cases those companies don't have a service advantage or availability advantage or any advantage other than the fact that they might be able to offer a customer a lower price for a period of time to maybe change buying habits or something, my guess would be that when that was spoken of, it was more on the promotions on the do-it-for-me side.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I think you had mentioned there's a significant difference in performance in some of the Midwest markets, and I think you mentioned another area as well. I guess the questions related to that are, first, can you give us an idea how much of a difference or spread you're seeing in those markets? And second, what percent of your stores are exposed to those areas?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, it's hard to draw a line and say here's the stores that were affected and here's the stores that weren't. But the way we would look at it is that our -- the Central Midwest, Upper Midwest, the Great Lakes regions, that those were the markets that were most affected and that's where we see the effect on our comp store sales the most. If we compare that area of the country with some of the regions that just were more temperate, that were not affected so much -- and let me back up. So we would consider those stores to represent about 25% of our store base, thereabouts. And again, it's hard to draw a specific line, but we would see as much as about a 700 basis point difference in their performance from a comp store sales perspective during the third quarter to the markets that are in a more temperate area.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just quickly on the -- I guess a balance sheet question. You guys are expanding kind of gross margins rapidly, AP to inventory ratio is going up. Does it create a situation where you start to get some pushback from your vendors?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean, none of this is easy. You don't -- the vendors haven't been knocking our door down trying to make these deals but we have -- for a long time, we've had fantastic relationships with our suppliers. And our suppliers, part of their growth and success is contingent on partnering with companies like ours to grow their market share and the availability of their product offering to customers. So there's some end, certainly to what we can do from an AP to inventory standpoint. But to this point, we feel like our vendors have been very in favor of the things that we've done and that they've benefited from it. And Tom, you might have some comments on the financing part of it.
Thomas G. McFall: On the financing part, our goal is to make this a win-win situation and that was a big factor in us going out, becoming a publicly rated company from a debt perspective, to lowering the overall borrowing costs for our whole supply chain. So our ability to offer that lower cost and reduce the working capital requirements for our vendors is a savings for them and we have shared in that savings. So from our standpoint, we're looking for a win-win situation. When we look internally, we have also committed a significant amount of capital over the last 5 years in new store growth, distribution centers, acquisitions, and our vendors see our investment in the business as an opportunity for them to increase the breadth and penetration of their products across the U.S. So we're looking for win-win situations with our vendors. We can't be successful unless we have vendors that are also successful.
Operator: And your next question comes from Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First of all, we hear you loud and clear on gross margin for the fourth quarter of 2012 and what might be driving the flattening of that performance year-on-year. If you think about your opportunities, particularly on distribution, how do you feel about the longer-term gross margin trajectory for O'Reilly?
Gregory L. Henslee: I think we have some continued opportunity. It's going to come from several different places: one, we have the opportunity to grow our DIY business, which is higher gross margin; we think we have continued opportunity on the acquisition costs side; we continue to look to countries that we currently don't buy products directly from. In some cases, there's opportunities for us to enhance private label products with some of those offerings. And just through managing our pricing better. I know you hear every retailer talk about price optimization and I don't think there is just one way of doing that. And on our professional side, that's more complicated and difficult than it is retail, but I think we have some opportunity there. Just to take a wag at what our opportunity is, I would say that we have an annual opportunity of like a 10 to 20 basis point improvement over the next few years.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So you think the pace -- because this was a very good year, obviously. Do you think the pace of that movement probably moderates from here in the fourth quarter as the beginning of that?
Gregory L. Henslee: I do. I think that the fourth quarter, we kind of annualize a higher gross margin step-up that our company made and that we would see slower growth from that point forward.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And my second question, if I could, relates to the weather-impacted versus unimpacted markets. And the breakout you gave us on the 25% impacted, 700 basis point gap is very helpful. I guess there's two ways to ask this. One is, has that 700 basis point gap been consistent since the business started to slow down? And I guess the other way is, what was the trend in the non weather-impacted markets? Did it stay the same, accelerate, decelerate, et cetera?
Thomas G. McFall: In the non weather-impacted market, the third quarter was a little slower than what it had been in the second quarter, so the trend was slightly down. As far as the -- the trend from the second quarter to the third quarter was pretty similar, a little bit more of a drag. When we look at the more temperate markets, they have been pretty consistent all year long.
Operator: And your next question comes from Greg Melich of ISI Group.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I want to follow up on the top line and how inflation or disinflation may have impacted that when we talk about the deceleration we've seen this year. And then also, how that's -- why you expect an acceleration in the fourth quarter comp, especially given the Christmas shift.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, this is Tom. I'll answer the first part on inflation and let Greg talk to the more -- the broader sales environment. When we look at the third quarter specifically, we actually saw a little drag from pricing, and we'll see our LIFO reserve decrease. Then there was a slight positive to gross margin. When we look year-to-date, we're relatively flat, maybe a little bit of price pressure, which creates a little bit of headwind versus last year through this time of the year when we had seen a tailwind from inflation.
Gregory L. Henslee: And then just, Greg, from a broader perspective, just the drivers of comps, the effect of weather and stuff like that, we feel like that the cold winter, as exemplified by our performance in these Northern markets and our competitors' performance in these Northern markets, that there's no question it had an effect. The extent to which it's a factor is a little bit hard to measure other than the way that we articulate the performance. We gave a little more information this time than we would normally give and, similar to our competitors, we're just trying to give everyone the ability to assess that situation as best as they can. We've been very encouraged by our performance so far this quarter. Our comp store sales started improving at the end of September, and that improvement has very consistently sustained to this point, 3.5 weeks through the fourth quarter. Let me talk about holiday season can be a little volatile because of holiday spending and things like that, but our expectation or estimate, just based on years in this business, would be that if we have a cold winter this winter, that very likely the aftermarket will have a good season.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Tom, if I could just follow up on your answer. Last year, there was some inflation. Could you help us quantify that? Was that like 100 bps or 200 bps or...
Thomas G. McFall: It would be between those two.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dave Gober of Morgan Stanley.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Going back on the top line and not to get into too much of any degree there, but are you seeing that drag from the weather impact to markets fading at all? Is that what you're seeing in late September, early October? And as we think about the fourth quarter, you mentioned the 50 basis point headwind from the shift in Christmas, but are you also picking back up for the Sunday that you lost in the third quarter?
Thomas G. McFall: This is Tom. I'll address the Sundays. We have an extra Sunday during the year. So we have the same number of Sundays in the fourth quarter as last year except that we were closed one of those Sundays last year and not closed this year. So in essence, same number of Sundays but we pick up an extra Sunday business day.
Gregory L. Henslee: And then to answer your question as far the weather drag or the potential effect on the markets that were most affected by weather, yes, we've seen a nice improvement during this past 4, 5-week period in the markets that had been most affected by weather. Those markets, winter comes earlier and people start thinking about maintaining their car for winter earlier. Batteries that were fried, for lack of a better word, during the summer, fail as weather starts getting colder and the engines start getting harder to crank. We've seen good performance in that category as a result of weather. So yes, we've seen a sequential pickup in those markets that has been a little bit better than what we would have had in the markets that are in more moderate regions of the country.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess to follow up. Just thinking about the longer-term secular environment, which I think you touched on in your prepared remarks, particularly with the aging of the car park. Could you kind of talk about the sweet spot of the car park? How do you think that has evolved? Historically, you would have thought 7 -- cars aged 7 to 12 or somewhere thereabouts would be the sweet spot. Do you think that's extended? And what do you think that the spend per vehicle looks like outside of that? Because I think one of the concerns over the next few years is that we are going to have a lot of very old cars. And is the drop off after year '13 or '14 or '15, is it a 10% drop off, is it 20% drop off once you get out of that sweet spot and how do you think that evolves over the next couple of years?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, well, what I would say to that is just a couple of 3 years ago, you would hear us say that the sweet spot was maybe 6 to 10 years. And as people have hung onto their cars longer, and I feel like the quality of the engineering and the manufacture of new cars has been recognized by consumers as they've driven these car at higher mileages, I think that's moved forward a little bit or extended a little bit. It's maybe, more 6 to 12 or something like that. I guess -- I don't really have any scientific data to answer your question and so I don't really know when we would see a drop off relative to an age of a vehicle. What I would say is that if you're driving a car that's your daily driver and it's your commuting vehicle, which in many of our markets, in Dallas/Fort Worth or Houston, you might have a 50 or 80-mile daily commute back and forth, not one way but both ways, to get to work and back. You've got to have reliable transportation. So if the car is 12 years old or 13 years old or 14 years old, you still have to do the primary things to maintain that car to drive it every day. Now, that doesn't mean that you're going to be fixing a rough spot that comes up or fixing the seat that might have worn through or fixing a cracked dash or something like that, because there's going to be some things that caused the car to maybe not look as good as it did when it was new or 5 years old new 6 years old, but still the mechanical part of the car has to work well for it to be reliable transportation. And in many cases, these cars are not only the commuter cars, they're the cars that families use for vacations and weekend outings and things like that, so they have to be safe and well maintained. So I think the answer to your question is yet to be seen, but we view it as being unlikely and very difficult for a consumer to just say that, because the car is 13 or 14 years old, they're going to stop maintaining it. It just doesn't work.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Quick question, just to follow-up. I know you mentioned private label and the opportunity there going forward and the opportunity to grow the gross margin through that. I know a couple quarters ago, you were saying private label was running 33% of sales. Just wondering if you could update us on that number.
Gregory L. Henslee: It still about that. It's not grown. We've not seen a significant growth past that. A big part of our private label, the amount of product we sell private label is the amount of product we offer. As we add to that offering, our percentage of sales increases. Because in many cases today, especially a DIY consumer, they're going to buy the lowest priced product you have in some cases. So as we expand our private label offering in various product lines, that grows. And we haven't made any material changes here in the last couple of months to our private label offering, although our plan is to continue to look for opportunities to establish private label brands that are recognized as high-quality, national brands offered exclusively by our company to expand our private label offering. And that allows us to be more competitive on the DIY side, competitive on the do-it-for-me side and, at the same time, expand our gross margin through better acquisition and just better gross margin on the product sale.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then just a quick follow-up. Is there -- with private label, is there a long-term run rate that you're eventually looking to get to? Say, 40% of sales or so, or is this just a quarter-by-quarter, year-by-year measure that you're going to look to expand on?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, there's no plan to get to a certain percentage. Really, it's not even quarter to quarter or year to year, it's by product line. We assess this by category, by product line and decide how our company can best go to market with that product. And if that means that we're best served to expand into a private label product or expand an existing brand private label offering, we do that. In many cases, some of the brands we offered are very much preferred. And some of the brands we offer aren't necessarily always available in a private label and, for that reason, we opt to carry a branded product because both DIY consumers and do-it-for-me consumers prefer the branded product because of the recognition of the high quality of that particular part.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser of UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is around the outlook for your cost structure. If we assume that the environment remains in a relatively slower period for a longer length of time, how do you feel about growing your cost structure at a slower pace? What comp rate do you think you need to leverage at this point? And if you pare back -- continue to pare back on some of these expenses, do you jeopardize some of your sales at that point?
Thomas G. McFall: When we look at our cost structure, as Ted talked about during his prepared remarks, we've always been very stringent on making sure we get a good return on all of our expenditures. So we don't have a lot of programs that we could do without. If we did, we wouldn't have them to start with. So we're pretty tight on expenses. But as Ted talked about, we manage it over time. We don't want to knee-jerk customers in that service, but we want to make sure we're matching up to what the sales environment is. So given -- if we look at the fourth quarter, for example, and we say, sales are going to be -- we're pretty confident are going to be in the 2% to 4% range, we'd build our cost structure around that, but that starts in the beginning of the third quarter. So to the extent that we stay on a slower but stable environment, which we're optimistic it'll improve, we can get to a pretty even SG&A percentage at 2.5% to 3% based on 190 new stores.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So that's the level of comp that you would need to lever?
Thomas G. McFall: That's to be flat, that's what you would need.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: To be flat. And for the incremental inventory that you're currently putting in the stores, do you think that there's already been a sales lift associated with that incremental inventory and can you quantify it?
Gregory L. Henslee: It's a minor lift. These, obviously, are not the fastest moving items that we deploy. The fastest moving items were already in the stores. These would be the -- kind of the next layer of movement, and they've not been there long enough to generate a material sales lift. And we don't have it quantified at this point, so we wouldn't be able to speak to anything but I can tell you that it's not -- it was not a material change.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: One last quick one. There was commentary about the supply chain and comparing the DCs in the legacy versus the newer markets. Where, across the board, do you think you are in the efficiency of your supply chain? Are you 90% of peak efficiency, 80%? Where do you think that is?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well in our existing -- the core O'Reilly markets, we're pretty darn efficient and there's not much left there to gain. In some of the expansion markets, we do still have some efficiencies to gain. Some of those DCs run a little higher expense to sales ratio than what we would like. And as we continue to grow sales from those markets, we'll further lever those expenses. I don't have a number for you. I know that our overall distribution expenses, we're pretty pleased with that rate that we're currently at as a percent of our sales. Our Senior VP of Distribution, Greg Johnson, who is not here, he'll tell you that we still have opportunity to increase that or to improve, decrease the expense next year and, hopefully, the year following. So we're working to do that. And we do have some distribution centers that aren't operating as efficiently as we would like, and those DCs we see as opportunities.
Operator: At this time, we would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Greg Henslee for closing remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Paula. Before we end the call today, I would just like to reiterate our belief in the solid long-term growth potential for our industry. Total annual miles driven in the United States remains nearly 3 trillion, the light vehicle population is growing and the overall age of the vehicle population continues to increase. All of which provide a solid foundation for future demand. We remain dedicated to our long-term strategy of having the friendliest and most knowledgeable parts professionals in all of our stores, supported by the most robust store level inventories and availability of hard-to-find parts. We are committed to providing top-notch customer service to all of our professional and DIY customers every day. I'd now just like to thank everyone for their time today. We look forward to reporting our fourth quarter results and our full-year results early in 2013. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President Ted F. Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly Automotive Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Release. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Tom McFall, you may begin your conference.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimate, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and the results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, such as CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. First, I'd like to congratulate Team O'Reilly for our continuing success in providing the highest levels of customer service in our industry. Despite the pull-forward of a portion of the spring business into the first quarter, along with the difficult consumer spending environment, we were able to achieve a respectable 2.5% comparable store sales increase and generated 20% increase in earnings per share. This marks our 14th straight quarter of increasing adjusted earnings per share in excess of 15%. Each and every one of us plays an important role in our company's success. Whether your role is in one of our distribution centers, stores, outside sales or here at our headquarters, your contribution is important in ensuring our customer service levels exceed our competitors' and that we operate as productively as possible. Thanks to all of you for your hard work in the second quarter and for the commendable results. Now on to some details about our quarterly performance. As most of you know, our original comparable store sales guidance for the second quarter was 3% to 5%. And when it became clear that we wouldn't achieve the bottom end of that range, we updated our guidance. Based on these softer-than-expected results, I'll go into a little more detail than we typically disclose concerning the progression and composition of our quarterly comparable store sales increase and give some color on our rationale for the third quarter comparable store sales guidance. As we discussed on our first quarter conference call, the beginning of the second quarter got off to a slow start as we suspect a good amount of the spring cleanup business was pulled forward from April into the first quarter, as a result of the earlier-than-normal mild temperatures. We expected May sales to return to a more normal seasonal pattern, and they did. Through May, our comparable store sales results were within our expectations. However, business was significantly softer than we expected in the first 3 weeks of June. This slowdown was chain wide, and we cannot point to any specific cause other than to cite that most of retail seem to have a tough June. And after a strong increase in miles driven in May of 2.3%, we suspect June's number, when reported, will be down. The end of June finished up somewhat better, resulting in our 2.5% comparable store sales increase, coming in at the top end of our revised guidance. From the first quarter to the second quarter, we saw the biggest deceleration in comparable store sales in cold-weather markets, where the early spring weather shifted more business into the first quarter. Since the core stores have a significantly higher percentage of cold-weather market stores, we saw the biggest sequential impact in the core stores. Although these stores did generate positive comparable store sales for the second quarter, the acquired markets continue to generate strong comparable store results with our buildout of the Professional business. Looking from the first quarter to the second quarter, both our DIY and our Professional business comparable store sales increases slowed at approximately the same rate. However, both contributed to our positive comparable store sales gains. DIY comparable ticket count continues to be under pressure with growth in the DIFM ticket account, mostly offsetting the pressure. We continue to work hard to drive more DIY traffic into our stores, and Ted will talk more about that in a moment. As we look forward to the third quarter, we remain cautious regarding the sales environment and are setting our comparable store sales guidance at the 1% to 3% range. The modest improvement we saw in sales at the end of June has continued into July and, we are currently running within the range of our guidance for the third quarter. However, we faced several headwinds in the third quarter, which include an extra Sunday during the quarter, which creates an approximate 50-basis-point drag on overall comps as most professional shops are closed on Sunday. The comparisons for the third quarter are very difficult as we face a 15.9%, 2-year stack for comparable store sales. And finally, we believe consumers continue to be impacted by constraints on their pocketbooks with a backdrop of economic uncertainty. Despite the difficult sales environment, we continue to focus on growing our sales profitably, and we're able to maintain our momentum on the gross profit line with gross margins sequentially up 10 basis points over the first quarter. Compared to last year, gross profit as a percent of sales increased 132 basis points. This improvement was the result of improved merchandise margins, driven by acquisition cost improvements and our continued conservative and more focused advertised price strategy and strong improvements in the productivity of our distribution centers, which Ted will discuss in more detail here in a moment. Based on our year-to-date results, we now believe we will be in the top half of our full year gross margin guidance of 49.4% to 49.8% of sales. Now I'd like to switch gears and update you on a few of our key initiatives. First, I'm pleased to report we have completed the rollout of our proprietary electronic catalog to all of our stores. The electronic catalog is a critical customer service tool for our store teams to provide comprehensive information quickly to both our DIY and our Professional customers. The implementation of our proprietary catalog has allowed us to expand the applications covered to many more of the products we offer, improve the interface to make the system more easy to learn and use, provide robust product content and add related product sales information, all of which will allow our team members to provide even higher levels of customer service. Recently, I attended a catalog review meeting in Houston with some of our most proficient parts professionals. They're very excited about the functionality of the new electronic parts catalog. As with any new and complicated system, our team has suggestions for additional enhancements, and our dedicated catalog team is working on these suggestions along with our ongoing efforts to add even more rich content to ensure we have the most robust catalog in the automotive aftermarket. We do not expect to see an immediate measurable increase in sales from this implementation. However, we are very confident the increased level of service we're able to provide our loyal customers will result in continued strong sales growth over time. Next, I'd like to update you on our initiative to enhance our store-level inventory availability. We're about halfway through the project to add additional SKUs at the store level. The original estimate of the investment for this project was approximately $80 million of additional inventory. But as we progressed with the project, we have determined that we have additional opportunities to enhance our customer service levels, and the total expected investment now is actually closer to $100 million. Our goal remains to have the parts our customers want on our store shelves even more often than we do today and to rely less heavily on pickups from our hub store and distribution center network. The last initiative I'd like to touch on, in general terms, is our e-commerce strategy. We strongly believe that clear consumer choice for auto parts will remain brick-and-mortar stores due to the immediate need for failure parts, the uncertainty around all the necessary parts needed for repair and the technical knowledge and assistance that can only be provided by an experienced parts professional. That said, the amount of auto parts sold over the Internet continues to increase and offers us an opportunity to enhance our growth. A major initiative for us is to continue to add to the functionality of our e-commerce site, www.oreillyauto.com. We are focused on having a site that not only offers a convenient shopping experience for either home delivery or store pickup, but also provides robust product and repair content that serves as an information resource for our DIY customers and further solidifies their attachment to the O'Reilly brand. We have a solid first half of 2012 -- we've had a solid first half of 2012, highlighted by a comparable store sales increase of 4.9%, a 125-basis-point improvement in operating profit as a percent of sales and a 29% increase in adjusted earnings per share. We remain very optimistic about the long-term future of our business as the U.S. vehicle fleet of 241 million cars and light trucks on the road continues to age and go through more routine maintenance cycles, and consumers continue to gain confidence to invest in repairs of higher-mileage vehicles. Further, recently released Automotive Aftermarket Industry Association fact book, the average age of light vehicle fleet increased again from 10.6 years in 2010 to 10.8 years in 2011. We see this trend continuing as better-engineered and manufactured vehicles justify continued repair and maintenance at higher mileages. We also remain very optimistic in our ability to profitably grow our business. Again, referring to the AAIA fact book, the number of auto parts stores continue to stay consistent in 2011 at between 35,000 and 36,000 stores as it has for the past decade. And we see continued opportunity to consolidate the business through greenfield growth and opportunistic acquisitions. We aren't going to go into specifics on acquisition opportunities, but it's safe to say we continue to aggressively look for opportunities to consolidate the market. In closing, I would like to again thank all of Team O'Reilly for your continued focus on providing outstanding service to our customers every day. I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted F. Wise: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. No doubt, it was a tougher quarter for business than we've seen in a while. I'd like to take a few minutes to comment on our store team and compliment them to working so hard to maximize our store sales and profitability by providing top-notch customer service while controlling our costs. For the quarter and the year-to-date, our SG&A spend is in line with our expectations. Dissecting our SG&A, the 2 big expenses we can control in the short term are store payroll and our advertising. I'm not going to give specific numbers. But given the tough environment, I would like to spend a little time discussing how we can manage these critical expenses. No expense more directly impacts our level of customer service and each store's ability to grow our business than store payroll, so our store operations teams spend a lot of time managing store staffing and productivity on a store-by-store, day-by-day basis. Our store operations team use a number of tools to manage payroll by store, including detailed productivity tracking by individual team member, our e-scheduling and review system and our individual, incentive-based compensation for every store team member. Stepping back and looking at our business as a whole, we are in the customer service business, and with the level of competition in our industry, the primary reason for both DIY and Professional customers choose to do business is the level of customer service they receive. Providing consistent excellent customer service is critical to building long-lasting relationships with our customers, and it's especially critical on the Professional side of our business. Sudden dramatic decreases in store staffing level not related to normal seasonality of our business have a noticeable and negative impact on customer service. As a result, we avoid dramatic short-term changes to our store payroll even during periods of soft sales. Over time and based on the business trends and sale entitlement, we adjust each store staffing to -- levels to provide excellent customer service and to grow the business while, at the same time, controlling our expenses. It takes a long time to earn a customer's trust and become their preferred supplier for auto parts, and we do not want to jeopardize those hard-won relationships because of a soft month or 2 of business. This is especially true in the acquired markets, where we have done a good job in building the Professional Installer business but where we also have a tremendous opportunity to continue to build market share. We firmly believe our long-term view and philosophy of staffing source to provide excellent customer service with enough payroll to grow the business in both good times and bad times has been a key factor in our ability to consistently and profitably grow business and sales. Now in regarding our advertising program, while for the last year or so, DIY business has been under pressure, and consumers continue to deal with a tough job market, the expiration of unemployment benefits and a general feeling that the economy isn't getting better any time soon. To ensure we continue to build the O'Reilly brand and top-of-mind awareness when customers need parts, we have added national-level TV and radio advertising to our advertising program to increase the amount and frequency of our branded message. In addition, and as Greg mentioned earlier, we have adjusted our current year advertising approach to focus on shorter-duration, call-to-action promotional events. This allows us to offer DIY customers great saving opportunity on high-profile items that increases foot traffic in our stores, while limiting our margin exposure. Our store teams are responsible for providing excellent customer service when customers respond to these promotions, while also adding items to their purchase and ensuring those customers will come back to our stores when they have a hard-part need. Several of these events have been themed events supported by radio, window signs and in-store signage and have produced positive results. And we plan to continue these type of events in the third quarter. In addition, we have continued to get the O'Reilly brand out to new customers with our Motorsports marketing program involving NASCAR and NHRA racing, along with many regional and smaller local tracks across the country. Our grassroots marketing also includes local car shows, farm show and many other local-type community events that OReilly can become involved in at the individual-store level. Now I'd like to touch on our distribution operations. The DC operations team has done an outstanding job controlling expenses, especially in light of softer-than-expected sale and along with our store-level inventory enhancement initiatives, while they continue to give excellent level of service to our stores. A significant portion of our year-over-year improvement in gross margin is a result of our DCs operating more efficiently, and this is especially true for the newer DCs as those team members bring their productivity levels closer to our more seasoned DCs. In addition, our DC teams have been instrumental in rolling out our store-level inventory enhancement initiatives. We are approximately halfway through the $100 million project, so the remaining $50 million of additional shipments on top of our normal volume is a huge undertaking. And again, I would like to thank all the DC members for their hard work on this project. Now moving on to our store expansion activities, we opened 50 net new stores in the second quarter, covering 20 states. Texas led the way with 10 new stores during the corner -- quarter as we continue to find attractive opportunities in our largest state. For the year, we have opened 119 net new stores in 28 states. For the year, again, Texas leads the way. But we have significantly increased our presence in Ohio, Michigan, Virginia, South Carolina and Florida. During the quarter, we also relocated 7 stores to new locations and completed major renovations to 15 stores as we work to keep our existing store base well positioned and fresh. For the year, we continue to be very comfortable that we will hit our goal of 180 new stores. Our real estate teams continue to find great locations at good occupancy costs as the difficult macroeconomic environment has put some pressure on real estate prices. We'll also continue to work hard on acquisition opportunities. While I don't have anything specific to report on, we continue to investigate all avenues for the right opportunities to consolidate the industry through accretive acquisitions. To finish up, I would like to thank all of our team members for their hard work, their dedication and most importantly, providing the great level of customer service. Now we'll turn this over to Tom McFall.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and add some color to our guidance. Comparable store sales for the quarter increased 2.5% on top of the prior year comps of 4.4%, with both DIY and DIFM contributing but more of the gain coming from the DIFM side. In total, the increase in average ticket accounted for the comparable store sales increase with DIY ticket count down, partially offset by increasing DIFM ticket count. For the quarter, sales increased $84 million, comprised of a $37 million increase in comp store sales, a $45 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $3 million increase in non-comp, non-store sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores. Year-to-date, our comparable store sales increased 4.9% on top of the prior year comps of 5%. Our sales guidance for 2012 is unchanged at $6.15 billion to $6.25 billion. We're revising our full year comparable store sales guidance down from 3% to 6% to 3% to 5%. This revision to the top end of our guidance is based on our cautious feel of sales environment in the third quarter, as it looks like consumer confidence will continue to be under pressure. Gross margin for the quarter increased 132 basis points over the prior year to 49.9% of sales. This increase is consistent with the year-to-date trend of gross profit increasing 134 basis points. As Greg mentioned, we currently anticipate our 2012 full year gross margin will be in the upper end of our guidance of 49.4% to 49.8% of sales. We anticipate the quarterly gross margin for the remainder of your to be slightly down from June year-to-date levels based on seasonal mix. For the year, the improvement in gross margin as a percent of sales has been driven by improved acquisition costs, a more targeted advertising approach and improved distribution efficiencies, and we expect these factors to continue through the end of the year. During the quarter, SG&A delevered by 76 basis points to 34.3% of sales. This deleverage was due to slower sales, our long-term approach to payroll management Ted discussed and the timing of our advertising spend. Through the first 6 months of the year, our SG&A improved 9 basis points as a percent of sales versus the prior year, with the average SG&A dollars per store increasing 2.9% over the same timeframe. in the second half of the year, we expect that growth in SG&A dollars per store to slow, as we make minor adjustments to our store staffing in light of the anticipated slower sales environment and incur less advertising expense due to seasonality. For the full year, we expect SG&A per store to increase approximately 2%. Operating margin for the quarter was 15.6% of sales, representing a 56-basis-point improvement over the prior year as improvements in gross margin more than offset the SG&A deleverage. For the first 6 months of the year, operating margin improved 125 basis points to 15.9% of sales. For the year, we continue to expect operating margin to be in the range of 15.4% to 15.9% of sales. Diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of a $1.15 a share represents a 20% increase over prior year's diluted earnings per share of $0.96. For the first half of 2012, diluted earnings per share increased 29% to $2.29 a share as compared to the prior year adjusted earnings per share of $1.78. As a reminder, the adjusted earnings per share from quarter 1 of 2011 excludes the one-time charges from our financing transactions. Moving to the balance sheet, we continue to make great progress in improving the productivity of our net inventory investment. At the end of the quarter, our inventory turnover, net of payables, was 4.8x versus 2.8x at this time last year. Inventory per store is currently flat compared to June of 2011 at $556,000 per store. However, with the store level inventory enhancement project increasing by $20 million, we now think year-end inventory per store will be up approximately 2%. The driver of net inventory productivity continues to be our ability to work with our vendors to improve terms through our vendor financing program. At the end of the second quarter, AP to inventory stood at 79%, which was an incredible improvement over the prior year ratio, which was 55%. We continue to anticipate our year-end payables-to-inventory ratio will be approximately 80%, as gains for the remainder of the year from our vendor financing initiatives will be offset by seasonality and the payments for inventory ordered as part of the store-level inventory initiative. At the end of the quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDAR was 1.66x, which remains well below our long-term covered leverage range of 2x to 2.25x. We will increase our leverage over time, however, we remain very committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating. On this topic, we're pleased to report that yesterday, Moody's affirmed our Baa3 rating and changed our outlook from stable to positives. For the first half of the year, free cash flow improved 31% to $540 million. This strong improvement was driven by our increased net income and the improvement in our net inventory investment. Based on our results to date, we're increasing our 2012 full year free cash flow projections to $725 million to $775 million. From the beginning of the year through the date of this earnings release, we've repurchased 9.4 million shares with an average price of $91.53. This brings our life-to-date repurchases to 25.3 million shares, with an average price of $72.67. Our first priority for the use of free cash flow is to continue to consolidate the industry through accretive acquisitions. To the extent these opportunities are not available, we intend to continue to prudently execute our share repurchase program, with the cash and the balance sheet, additional free cash flow generated and additional borrowings as we incrementally increase our leverage ratio to our stated goal. Our guidance for both the third quarter and the full year takes into account shares repurchased through yesterday but does not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. For the third quarter, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $1.25 to $1.29 per share. For the full year, our diluted EPS guidance is $4.56 a share to $4.66 a share. At this time, I'd like to ask Melissa, the operator, to return to the line and we'll be happy to answer questions. Melissa?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Michael Lasser with UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Greg, so there seems to be a lot of debate on the industry right now. I wanted to get your view on what you think is driving the more -- the greater variability in demand trends? Is it really weather, a hangover from some of the warm conditions we saw in the winter? Or is this more reflective of just getting towards the end of what's been a pretty good cycle for the industry?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I don't think it's the end of a pretty good cycle for the industry. I think that the dynamics that drive demand in our industry with miles driven, the age of vehicles, and all those things continue to bode well for the industry. It really remains unchanged to some degree. I think the factors that are affecting us right, early in last quarter, but of course, the pull-forward of some business into the first quarter due to the mild winter. And I would suspect that, that has some effect on business this summer just related to parts that didn't -- weren't caused to fail by the lack of winter weather. But as much as anything, we would speculate that it is simply consumers that are reluctant to spend money in an uncertain economic environment. We see that in a lot of different ways. And when we look at our category reports, we see things that can be deferred. It appears as though they're being deferred, and talking with the many shops that we do business with, you hear them tell stories of their reduction and the ability to sell jobs. Someone comes in for a -- says their air conditioning won't blow cold, hoping that it just needs freon. And when they find out it needs a compressor and it's going to be an $800 job or something, they say, "Well, you know what? I'll take care of it later." And they drive with their windows down. Again, we see that in our by-category reports. And while we don't go into a lot of detail in our by-category sales, it's easy to see that some of these categories that are more subject to deferral are being deferred. And another headwind our industry had to some degree is just some commodity pricing. When it comes to seasonal items like freon, 30-pound cylinders of freon are selling for substantially less than they were this time last year, and that creates a bit of a headwind for all of us.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And to the extent that some of the stuff is being caused by the lack of duress from the warm winter, how long do you think that persists? Is it that once the fall arrives, then anything that would have been done is no longer an issue?
Gregory L. Henslee: I think so. I think what -- I hope what we'll see is that -- we've had an incredibly -- we're in the middle of an incredibly hot summer and drought in the central U.S. A lot of things that are hard on cars and we see the effect of that heat up in some of the categories that would be subject to immediate failure as a result. Some of the failure that is caused by heat is deferred in the winter. For instance, on batteries, sometimes a battery will fail under heat. But many times, the damage is done to a battery during heat but it's not really stressed until cold weather when the engine demands the most from a cranking perspective. So our hope is, and what our past experience has been, is that when we have a really, really hot winter like this, that we would benefit from that -- or a hot summer like this, we benefit from that in the winter. Another factor for us is, the substantial amount of our business, at least in the historical O'Reilly stores, are in rural areas that are subject to customers who are in the agricultural business, and this drought is just terrible for their business. And we see that in our, for instance, our filter sales where we do a lot of our business in farm and ag filters. Our filter business isn't doing as good simply because the farmers aren't doing as much because their crops aren't growing because there's no water. So it's -- there's no question that there's some weather issues. But that, coupled with just the economic uncertainty, would be the things that we would speculate are causing the sequential reduction in comp store sales.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And my final question, is there any evidence to suggest that greater competitive factors are beginning to weigh on the DIFM side of the business? Perhaps it's a case where a commercial customer has a certain propensity to go -- to switch to a new supplier and so that they're more likely to go with one of the dual-focused auto part retailers. And so that segment of the market just going to be trading share from here on out?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I think that there's no question that the do-it-for-me side of the business is a very competitive business. It always has been, and the more players there are in that side of the business, the more competitive it can be. I have to look to our sales results. And while we've liked for our historical O'Reilly stores that performed better on the do-it-for-me side, the sequential reduction we saw is pretty similar to what we saw in the DIY side. So I -- it's hard for me to think that it's related to competition. In the CSK stores, where we continue to, we feel like, robustly gaining market share. On the do-it-for-me side, we continue to see really good sales results there. So it's a factor to some degree. We, of course, have been in this business a long time and are very sensitive to what our competitors do. And they're very defensive when it comes to losing business to a competitor. So we -- it's something we work on every day, but it's always a challenge.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Balter with Credit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's Simeon for Gary. Can you talk -- and this is following on Michael's question a little bit. You talked about your sense of market share, I guess, the slowdown. Was that purely market driven? Or could it be some market share shift? And then breaking out of the 1 to 3 range, will that be a function of the market getting better or do you think it's something competitive also on your end?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I -- speaking of market share, I sure don't think we've lost market share by any means. And the information that we get indicates that we continue to gain market share. I think our ability to grow comparable store sales more robust than we did in the second quarter depends to some degree on both. We feel very confident in our ability to incrementally take market share, and I think it's exemplified with what we've done with the CSK stores. We have that ability and execute that ability every day, and I think we'll continue to be able to do that. I mean in the historical O'Reilly stores, I think, we have a very solid market share that we continue to incrementally gain, maybe at a slower rate than we are at the CSK stores, but I don't think we're losing market share. I think the contributor to our comparable store sales comes from just industry dynamics, having a good demand for auto parts, which I think has slowed to some degree related to just the position the consumers are in and then, of course, our ability to take market share, which we work every day to come up with better ways to do that. And I think we're as good as any one in the industry at accomplishing that.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then following on some color that you mentioned that I think there was an equal slowdown to both businesses but that both contributed positively. If you break it down a little further, and it sounds like CSK is still a positive driver, was there any disproportionate slowing on a relative basis? The contribution from CSK slowing more than the other pieces or retail and historic markets slowing? I'm just curious for a little bit more texture there.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. In historic markets, both retail and our Professional business, it decreased, of course. They both decreased in equal proportions. On the CSK side, our -- they were very close again, our do-it-for-me business being significantly stronger from a comp store sales percentage standpoint than what our DIY business has.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then Greg, is there any -- if you look to pricing, have you tried any different pricing initiatives to see if that could be one of the issues holding back sales right here?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we -- on the DIY side, for instance, Gary, we've shopped our competitors intently as I'm sure they shop us. And we can feel extremely confident that our prices are set competitive on the retail side. On the Professional side, it's a little more difficult. You don't -- our competitors, if we -- are not willing to tell us what price they sell a certain customer, and so you have to do a little digging to do that. So yes, we do experiment with that, and we have complete flexibility in the way we price our Professional customers. Our experience has been that while price is very, very important on the do-it-for-me side, it's the second, third or fourth on the list of things that are more important, including availability, the amount of time it takes to get the product to them, the abilities of the person that they contact to get the part. The professionals, the technicians don't want to deal with someone that doesn't know what they're talking about and they want the phone call to be very brief and as little information given as can possibly be given to make the transaction. So it's important, but I don't think that's the primary factor. But to answer your question, yes, we do experiment and we feel good about where we're at from a pricing standpoint.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just one last thing, just following up on Michael's question. I don't know, maybe it's the same question. You sound pretty comfortable that if we don't have a seat change, like we haven't done all the deferred maintenance and all of this -- and we have a step-down on the business. So a lot of this is related to just the weather that we had. And by the fall, we should get back tomorrow of a normal maybe 2% to 4%, maybe 3% to 5% type comp. Is that reading too much into your commentary? Is that what you're seeing?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Gary, of course, it's my speculation. But that's the way I feel. I just don't see anything that drives our business that has changed enough, that it would cause a deceleration outside of these other factors that could be affecting, either demand or deferred maintenance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alan Rifkin with Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, you mentioned that you saw a deceleration in cold-weather markets. I was wondering if you would be able to quantify the comp performance in the cold weather markets versus the corporate average.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Al, we have a variety of different cold-weather markets and in all honesty, I'd rather stay away from defining in these -- because we drill it down in a lot of detail, and I would rather not tell our competitors what our comps are. And some of those are to these [ph] specific markets. I can tell you that generally in the cold-weather markets, we saw a more abrupt deceleration in comparable store sales than we have in the warmer-weather markets.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Second question, if I may. So in the 4 quarters following your acquisition of CSK, which pretty much coincided with the height of the recession, when you broke out the performance between the legacy stores and the CSK stores, your legacy stores are still comp-ing consistently north of 1%, 2% even in that difficult environment. I certainly don't want to put words in your mouth or anything, but most people would agree that even with the consumer taking half a step back today, we certainly are a better environment today than where we were in the back half of '08 and throughout the first half of '09. Is there any reason why we would see a greater impact on your performance at the legacy stores for the next 2, 3, 4 quarters than what we saw in '08, '09?
Gregory L. Henslee: I don't think so. I think that the economic factors may be similar to your point. They may not be quite as tough as they were. I think to this point in the year, the weather has been an unusual factor. Long term, it really doesn't matter. The weather is the weather, and our business will be what it -- will be what it is based on miles driven, and they cause parts to fail. But yes, I would see no reason for a -- for our performance in the core O'Reilly stores to be much different than what it would have been, and we expect it to be better.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And the second question I guess, if I may, since you're unable to answer the first one. You've spoken about your belief that the CSK stores, over the longer term, could get to $1.8 million a store. I was wondering if maybe you can provide us an update on that number. Do you still think that's a good number or if it's even north of that? And then if we look at the stores that were converted earlier, the Midwest and Seattle and compare it to, let's say, Phoenix and some of the latter markets, any discernible difference between the trajectory of the CSK revenues, post the conversions in some of the latter converted markets versus earlier converted?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, what I would say is, we continue to be very effective in our ability to roll out our DIFM programs. And we're a little, I guess, beyond where we would expect on an average store basis, would have expected to have been when we set our early plans. As far as the trajectory of which those stores are comp-ing, what I would say is the -- some of the early conversion stores we have are in cold-weather markets up in the upper Midwest. And those stores' trajectory did slow greater than the rest of the CSK stores. The CSK stores in the West Coast continued on -- at a very solid trajectory, whereas the ones in the upper Midwest slowed some. It's really pretty well beyond what the rest of CSK stores, and we do relate that directly to some pull-forward than just the effects of the weather. And we've really not publicly given the exact number we average per stores in the segments of stores, so I'd rather not do that. But I can tell you we're well down the road with getting into our $1.8 million average.
Thomas G. McFall: And Alan, this is Tom. When we look at the progression of comps based on the date that the stores were converted, we continue to see it pretty similar ramp, and we are confident that we'll hit the stated goal of $1.8 million per store.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I know you don't really want to talk about the weather, but I was just curious if perhaps Texas is an issue. We talked to clients down there. And it's not an issue but that's where maybe some of the slowdown is. You have maybe 12% of your stores there. And in spite of the drought in the Midwest and Southwest, it seems like it was a lot warmer there last year. And perhaps some of that A/C -- some of the air-conditioning slowdown attributable specifically to that market?
Gregory L. Henslee: I wouldn't think so. There's a lot of factors that go into how we evaluate our comparable store sales. Sometimes we do well on markets because we have made changes in the market that resulted in good -- more positive results. I would tell you that we're pretty happy with Texas right now as being one of the southern markets that's less affected by the pull-forward from weather. And while the drought in Texas and some of the agricultural business in Texas, with the cattle farmers and so forth isn't as strong as it was, overall, we're doing really well in Texas. Texas is generally a good economic state, and we're pretty pleased with it. So I'd say that, just general auto parts sales growth in Texas, market share gains in Texas are more than offsetting the effect of the hot, dry weather in the ag business.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. And then just to reflect back on last year, were your monthly comps pretty similar throughout the quarter last year in the third quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee: They were pretty similar. They were very similar. July was just slightly softer than August and September, but they were very close.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm going to focus on some of the sales commentary as well. You spoke about the weather and its impact on pull-forward for April. As you think about July and the fact you're running within the range, is it your view that the weather that you're experiencing today is a positive for that number as you're within that 1% to 3%?
Gregory L. Henslee: Matt, I think it is released as it should be. The categories that hot weather affects: cooling systems, automotive batteries, HVAC. Automotive batteries, we're not going to cover off the ball. Cooling, we're doing real well. HVAC, because it's somewhat discretionary, someone can decide not to fix their air-conditioner, isn't performing as well. Whereas in this environment, we should be doing very well. So generally, I would say that it's a -- the weather is very favorable right now. I would say that there's a backdrop of economic uncertainty that is causing consumers to be reluctant to spend money to fix their cars, as they're probably reluctant to spend money on clothing or anything else that they're buying.
Thomas G. McFall: One thing I'd add to that, Matt, is look at the prior 2 third quarters, they have also been positive weather quarters for us as far as heat goes.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And related to that, I mean, if you think about the different components of your business, if you think about failure, if you think about maintenance, if you think about discretionary, whichever you realize is small for you, is the discretionary business such as you identified getting hit any harder than any of the needs-based businesses? Or is the slowdown across the mix pretty similar?
Gregory L. Henslee: The -- what we'd say about that is, discretionary has been under pressure for the last 4 or 5 years, and it's not a huge portion of our business as we focus on the hard parts. So it's not having a dramatic impact on our comps.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then finally, I did note, unless I misread it, that while you cut the high end of the comp range, it looks like you left the sales dollars intact. I'm not sure if that's a function of new store productivity or something like that, any clarity would be great there.
Gregory L. Henslee: The -- well, we cut the guidance the same after our strong results in the first quarter. So when we look at year-to-date, that hasn't -- for the full year, that hasn't changed. So we didn't change it in the positive direction the first quarter and left it the same here in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Wewer with Raymond James.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Greg, earlier, you had indicated that you did not believe OReilly is losing market share. I don't think it is either, but you did indicate that your sales in June were noticeably weaker in the first 3 weeks and yet is NAPA is indicating that their business was stronger in June. So how do we reconcile those differences?
Gregory L. Henslee: I don't know. That's a good question, Dan. I don't know how to reconcile that. I can tell you that from a comparison standpoint for us, we were weaker in the first 3 weeks of June. Now I don't know NAPA did last year and what they're comparing to. Maybe they were down the first 3 weeks of June. It was easier for them to comp the first 3 weeks of June this year, if I were to speak. It will be something that'd be hard for me to answer not knowing the details of their comp composition.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Tom, I have a question for you. And the decision as to why OReilly pre-announced -- I mean, after all, your earnings came right in the middle of the original guidance. And your same-store sales were 1/2 of 1 percentage point below the low end of your guidance, which is not a surprise, given what Advance and Monroe had to say after your last conference call. So are we establishing a new precedent going forward, that if we don't hear from O'Reilly, it's an indication you're going to have to be in line or better? And that if -- given what you had to say in the second quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee: I -- and then Tom will have some comments he wants to make on this, too, Dan. But what I would say is, we try hard to be as transparent and straightforward with our -- with the analysts and investors, shareholders as we can be. We have said several times, that if we were going to miss our comp guidance, because we're always asked about comp intraquarter and we try not to talk intraquarter about what's going on in the quarter any more than we would if we were disclosing it to everyone, because we had said several times that if we were to miss it, we would pre-announce. We decided -- at the point we decided to pre-announce, there was the chance that we could have gotten down to the low 2s, which we would have considered a substantial miss. The end of June, comps increased. And we ended up getting 2.5. Had we known we'd ended up at 2.5, we might not have, but we felt like it was most appropriate that we do, based on the transparency and the comments that we have made to investors and shareholders about what would cause us to let them know if we were outside of our comp guidance. Tom?
Thomas G. McFall: For my time here at OReilly, and I'm pretty sure of our history, we've only pre-announced one other time, which was the first quarter of 2008. To tackle Greg's comments, the end of June is a very volatile time for our business based on the timing of holiday and the days that -- the month end is leading into the holiday. So there was a possibility that we would be 2 or below 2, and we're happy to see business pick up. But based on where we were and the comments we've made in the past about missing comps and letting people know it was a significant number, we decided to release. Directly to your question of, in the future, will you -- should you expect us to pre-release if we are below comps guidance? We'll make that decision. We're not going to commit anything at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Hey, Scot Ciccarelli. I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, you've made a number of references to the economic situation, et cetera. And I get the fact that we're in a little bit of a rougher patch right now. But the truth is, this is an industry, and your company, frankly, performed incredibly well kind of through the depths of the recession. That being said, you did miss your own sales guidance, 3 out of 4 quarters, heading into the recession. So I guess I'm just asking for maybe a parallel on kind of what you saw back then, because you guys were all there in those seats, to what you're seeing today on the economic front.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, what I'll tell you is still a lot of water passing the bridge, Scot. And I -- what I would say is that there -- I remember the time you're talking about and the demand had slowed some. There are reasons sometimes for demand to be slow. It's hard to quantify. We typically lean on consumers that are deferring maintenance based on our -- the work we do in the field with our shops and our territory sales managers to kind of understand what our repair shops are seeing, the customers that buy from us. And when you go through a period where 6 out of 10 jobs, a shop is not able to sell after giving the estimate, and it's deferred for a month until someone gets a paycheck or whatever the case may be. You get the feeling that the economy is affecting our business on the DIY side, too. And today, we're hearing a lot of that. And then when I read what I read about other retailers and the struggles that they're having with revenue, it just makes you realize that there's a lot of uncertainty among consumers right now, and people are holding on to money. And when they have an opportunity to defer a spend, we have to feel like they're doing so. Fortunately for us, many of the automotive things that they were spending money and not things that they can defer if they want to drive their cars. Although this time of year, there are probably more things that they can defer because our business becomes a little more dependent on a deferred repair item, which is HVAC, which is not performing as well as what we would ideally like to see right now.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I guess I'm just trying to understand and -- look, I understand everything kind of slow, but your indication, I guess, if I were to kind of read it, if I'm reading it properly is, you think the slowdown you've experienced is more on the economic front rather than a delay in hangover, if you will, from kind of the weather pull-forward?
Gregory L. Henslee: No, I think they're both a factor. I -- it's hard to quantify either one, but -- us having gone through this really odd weather here, where we have this winter that in many markets, just didn't happen. Here in Springfield, Missouri where we normally would have some snows and ice and freezing temperatures for some period of time, we had none of that this past year. Many of our markets had those same conditions. It's hard for us to predict the effect that, that will have on demand in the summer. And now here we are in the summer, we're having incredibly hot temperatures. I would think that, that hot, while it is driving some of the things that we would expect it to drive, rotating electrical batteries, things like that, our feeling is that it will continue to drive demand in the wintertime when some of the parts that are damaged in the heat actually fail.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Michael Baker with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So 2 questions. One, just a simple math, I think, if I go to the midpoint of your third quarter guidance for comps and then the midpoint of the full year guidance, it implies a couple of hundred basis points pickup in the fourth quarter. Is there any reason be -- that we should think the fourth quarter would get better? I do realize there are easier comparisons on both the 2-year and 3-year stack basis but wondering if I'm missing anything else there.
Gregory L. Henslee: That's what we would point to also. As I mentioned earlier, the third quarter has been extremely strong in the last 2 years.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Last question then, can you update us on both in terms of the acquired stores and total company? What percent of your business now comes from the commercial side? As I recall, the CSK had -- when you bought it, it was about 10%. You have a goal to get commercials above 40%. I think you had said it was somewhat in the low 30s last quarter. Can you update us on that, please?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, right now it's 41.59%.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: For the total company and then -- so that make the CSK stores still in the low-30 range somewhere?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the goal is to get back to 40% over time?
Gregory L. Henslee: It would be. Like I said before, some of the stores are not in great do-it-for-me market. So we won't get to the -- closer to the 50-50 that we have with the historical O'Reilly stores but yes, which we will still be able to do that, we believe.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, I -- we've reached the end of the call. Operator, you didn't come back on, so I would make a closing statement here at the end of the call. I just want to thank everyone for their time this morning. You can be assured that Team O'Reilly will be working hard during the third quarter to make sure we generate good results, and we look forward to reporting these results to you in October. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President Ted F. Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Vincent J. Sinisi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Shonda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly Autoparts First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. You may begin your conference.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Shonda. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will, or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses such as CSK, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Autoparts First Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present.  It's my pleasure to again congratulate Team O'Reilly on another outstanding performance in the first quarter and to the great start we are off to in 2012. The 7.4% comparable store sales increase we achieved on top of the 5.7% increase we generated in the first quarter of 2011 was a significant accomplishment, and we should all be very proud of our company's performance.  Included in our 7.4% same-store sales gain was the impact of leap day, which we contemplated in our 4% to 6% guidance and have historically included in our comp store sales. Excluding leap day, same-store sales gains were still a very robust 6.1%. We are also pleased to report we saw sequential sales improvement from the fourth quarter in virtually every area of our business.  In historic markets, DIY and do-it-for-me were both strong contributors to our comp store sales increase. In the acquisition markets, our Professional Installer business continues to grow at a high rate. The DIY business was also a positive contributor in these markets, and it incrementally improved throughout the quarter as we got off to a slow start at the beginning of the quarter driven, we believe, primarily by the lower miles driven in the Western U.S. in January, which were negative 1.5% compared to the remainder of the country at positive 2.4%. For year-to-date February, which is the latest data available, total miles driven have increased 1.8% despite average gas prices having increased by 10% as compared to last year.  It's always difficult to determine the exact impact of weather on sales. But for the quarter, as a whole, the mild winter and early spring weather definitely had a positive impact. In cold weather markets, the mild winter hurt some cold weather categories such as antifreeze, washer solvent and wiper blades. This was more than offset by the positive impact of the early spring weather on categories such as brakes, suspension, oil changes and appearance chemicals as our customers were able to take advantage of the nice weather to perform maintenance on their vehicles earlier in the year than typical. Comp store sales increases were relatively consistent throughout the quarter.  As we look forward to the second quarter, we remain somewhat cautious regarding the sales environment and are setting our comparable store sales guidance at the 3% to 5% range. The beginning of the second quarter has gotten off to a somewhat slower start as we suspect a good amount of spring cleanup business was pulled forward from April into the first quarter as a result of the earlier-than-normal mild temperatures.  In addition, while gas prices have decreased a little over the past few weeks, they remain high, and we feel that this could negatively impact miles driven and consumer spending. However, we remain confident in the increasing average age of vehicles on the road, and consumers who remain under economic pressure will continue to drive solid demand in the automotive aftermarket.  In addition to generating robust comp store sales increases, we were able to maintain our momentum on the gross profit line as pricing remained rational in the industry. For the quarter, gross profit as a percent of sales increased 136 basis points over the prior year. This improvement was a result of improved merchandise margins driven by acquisition cost improvements and our continued conservative and more focused advertised price strategy.  In addition, strong improvements in the productivity of our distribution centers were a major contributor to our gross profit results. And Ted will discuss that performance in more detail in a moment. Continued favorable trends on inventory shrinkage were also a contributor, and I'd like to acknowledge the fine efforts of our store operations and loss prevention teams for driving down shrink and keeping it at our historic low levels.  When we look at the sequential change in margin from the fourth quarter of 2011 to the first quarter of 2012, overall margin is relatively consistent. However, the composition is somewhat different with better distribution center efficiencies mostly offsetting lower merchandise margins resulting from sharper advertised prices on DIY traffic drivers in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter.  We're optimistic we can continue to offer our customers attractive call-to-action advertised prices while protecting our margin, and we are confident we will continue to see improved leverage of our distribution costs. As a result, we are increasing our full year gross margin guidance by 50 basis points to 49.4% to 49.8% of sales.  Now I'd like to take a few minutes to highlight 3 of the many initiatives we currently have underway that will continue to enhance the level of service we provide our customers. First, we continue to be very excited about the proprietary electronic catalog we are developing. With the ongoing proliferation of SKUs in our industry, the electronic catalog is the key selling tool our Team Members use in our stores. Our ability to manage the content of our catalog and how the data is presented is a critical tool in equipping our Team Members to provide the best possible customer service.  Over the past few weeks, I spent time in the pilot stores specifically to observe our store teams' interaction with customers using the new catalog. The functionality of the system, the breadth of the product catalog, the ease-of-use and the data we capture on lookups are all substantial improvements over our existing system. And I would like to thank all the Team Members who have helped build, develop, implement and test this fantastic new system.  We are currently nearing the end of the pilot phase in 62 stores and plan to have the new electronic catalog installed in most stores by late summer. We'll continue to update you on the rollout of this very important initiative, and while there will not be an immediately measurable increase in sales from this implementation, we are very confident the increased level of customer service we are able to provide our customers will result in continued strong sales growth over time.  The second initiative focuses on our never-ending efforts to enhance our inventory availability. Over the next few quarters, we will add approximately $80 million to the inventory stocked at the store level. Our goal is to have the parts our customers' want on our store shelves even more often than we do today and to rely less heavily on pickups from our hub store and distribution center network, although our very robust network will continue to play a critical role in providing quick delivery for harder-to-find parts.  The main inventory additions will focus on augmenting our store stocking levels to cover the vehicle demographics for a larger radius around the stores and enhancing the stocking levels at the immature stores to ensure our store teams have all the tools they need to maximize their market share in these new markets. For the year, we expect about 1/2 of this additional investment to be offset by reductions of excess inventory in the acquired stores and distribution centers.  The last initiative I'd like to touch on is our efforts to continue to tailor our product offering to changes in customer preference. During the course of the recession, we have seen a continual trend for customers to trade down the value spectrum. National name brand parts continues to be a key component of our product offering, especially on the Professional Installer side of the business. However, with higher demand for good and better products, we are increasing our focus on our private label brands. The use of private label brands gives us better control over the application coverage we make available, allows us to provide an exceptional value versus quality balance and improves our gross margins.  We will continue to tailor our product offerings to meet customer demand, and our private label brands, which currently comprise approximately 1/3 of our sales volume, will be an important part of this mix shift over time.  In closing, I would like to thank all of Team O'Reilly for your focus on providing the outstanding customer service levels that we offer our customers every day. Your hard work, dedication and expense control focus during the quarter resulted in a company record operating margin of 16.2% and an increase in adjusted earnings per share of 37%. And I think it goes without saying that we remain very optimistic about the future results our company will achieve.  I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted F. Wise: Good morning, everyone. Thanks, Greg. The first quarter clearly demonstrates the fantastic results Team O'Reilly can generate when hitting on all cylinders. By executing our dual market strategy and adhering to our "live green" culture, we were able to generate robust sales growth at very strong gross margins, and at the same time, control our expenses, resulting in a record operating margin of 16.2%.  Looking at our historic market, there is no doubt that the mild weather was a tailwind in many of these markets. However, I would like to commend our team for providing excellent customer service and capitalizing on the additional sale opportunities that the weather provided. This quarter [ph], we opened net 69 new stores in 21 different states with not more than 10 new stores in any one state. With our 23 distribution centers, all with additional growth capacity, we have been able to spread our growth out across the country.  With our high concentration of growth in any individual market, the store operations and professional customer sales teams have been able to build their management benches, and new stores are opening with better, seasoned and trained store teams. [indiscernible] the need to manage the store resets that we completed in the last few years, our management teams and the acquired markets out west have been able to focus on fully implementing our dual market strategy. This sole focus is definitely evident as the management and sales teams better understand the systems, the products and the programs we are able to offer our customers.  The store operational leadership in the acquired markets has improved greatly, and store execution is markedly better. But we continue to focus on training to build on the momentum we've created. We continue to see great opportunities to build the business in these markets as we improve the consistency of our store operations, build stronger relationships with our professional customers, and the O'Reilly Brand recognition incrementally increases over time.  One of our main focus across the entire chain continues to be to build our DIY business. In addition to the electronic parts catalog and the inventory initiatives Greg touched on earlier, we remain focused on several operational initiatives to improve customer service. These include improving our e-scheduling system to better align our staffing with customer traffic, especially on nights and weekends; enhancements to our e-training capabilities and introduction of a new program called Lead [ph] that's designed to better identify, train and mentor high-potential Team Members.  We feel at the store level we continue to have tremendous opportunity to grow both the DIY and the Professional Installer business. And I would like to thank the store teams for the great customer service they provided during the quarter while continuing to be excellent expense managers.  Next, I would that to spend some time discussing the results and highlighting some of the initiatives from our distribution team. I won't go into specific numbers. Our distribution teams had very aggressive goals for 2012. In 2011, the new DCs and the acquisition markets incurred substantial costs supporting the [indiscernible] changeovers and reducing overstock inventories in the system that had built up initial hard parts changeovers. As you recall, we added 170 new stores in 2011 while actually reducing inventory by $38 million. With the changeovers complete and most of the excess inventory eliminated from the system, the DCs and the acquisition markets are fully focused on improving their efficiency by continuing to train their teams, and through the first quarter, are accomplishing their aggressive plan.  The DCs in our historical markets continue to perform exceptionally well. Since they are a competitive group committed to providing outstanding customer service while controlling cost, they have also set aggressive improvement goals. Over the past 3 years, the distribution team has accomplished the remarkable feat of opening 5 new DCs, converting 2 acquired DCs to our system and processes and relocating one DC while never missing a beat to providing outstanding customer service to our stores.  Now we are excited to have the opportunity to go back and implement additional efficiency projects in our existing DCs. A few of these projects included continuing to roll out our paperless, voice-directed warehouse management [indiscernible] which is 3 that have not been converted from the paper-based system [indiscernible] planning and updating material-handling system throughout the entire DC. We are confident we will see good returns from these DC retrofit projects.  I'd like to thank our [indiscernible] customer service they provide our stores day in and day out. Their ability to provide industry-leading [indiscernible] while controlling cost is a major factor in our 136-basis-point year-over-year improvement in gross margin.  Now before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to touch on 2 additional areas: advertising and new store growth. On the advertising front, our ability to focus on the O'Reilly Brand has dramatically improved the impact and efficiency of our advertising spend. Our brand recognition in both existing and new markets has benefited from our new national TV advertising campaigns. We are pleased with the result of our advertising initiatives and are optimistic about the prospect of building our brand recognition moving forward as we continue to build on our operational momentum in the acquired markets and [ph] reach our national platform for promoting the O'Reilly Brand.  Regarding the store growth during the quarter, as I mentioned earlier, we opened 69 net new stores. This is a record number of new stores for the first quarter as [indiscernible] to progress very smoothly in cold weather markets and complete new stores at normal pace [ph] into the second quarter. In general, we continue to see great opportunities for expansion at affordable prices as the ongoing macroeconomic climate puts pressure on real estate prices.  In addition, we continue to upgrade our existing store base. During the first quarter, we relocated 10 stores, 8 of which were upgrades to former CSK stores. And we also completed 19 major renovations.  Thanks to our new store installation teams and to the new store teams for all your hard work and dedication. We are off to a great start in 2012, very comfortable we will hit our goal of opening 180 net new stores this year.  Now I'll turn the call over Tom McFall.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and add some color to our guidance. Comparable store sales for the quarter, excluding leap day, increased 6.1% on top of the prior year comps of 5.7% with Professional sales driving the higher portion of the gain. However, DIY sales were strongly positive.  The increase in average ticket accounted for the comparable store increase with flat customer count comps. DIY traffic improved as the quarter progressed but continued to be under pressure during the quarter facing the difficult macroeconomic factors in the consumer space. For the quarter, sales increased $147 million, comprised of $101 million increase in comp store sales, a $44 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $3 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $1 million decrease from closed stores.  For the second quarter, our comparable store sales guidance is 3% to 5% as we believe some portion of the spring business we usually generate in April shifted into the first quarter due to the mild weather. Our sales guidance for 2012 is unchanged at $6.15 billion to $6.25 billion. Our full year comparable store sales guidance is also the same at 3% to 6% driven by strong growth in the Professional side of the business, especially in acquired markets, and the slower growth rate on the DIY side of the business.  Gross profit for the quarter increased 136 basis points over the prior year to 49.8% of sales. The largest contributor to the increase is the improved distribution efficiencies, which we expect will continue for the next few quarters as we finish cycling the cost of last year's front-end resets and excess inventory returns. The increase also was supported by improved merchandise margins resulting from improved acquisition costs and a more conservative, focused advertised price strategy versus last year's first quarter.  As Greg mentioned earlier, we're increasing our 2012 full year gross margin guidance to 49.4% to 49.8% of sales. We anticipate the quarterly gross margin to be relatively consistent across the 3 remaining quarters. During the quarter, SG&A improved 61 basis points to 33.6% of sales. The extra day in the quarter helped leverage approximately 15 to 20 basis points. But this tailwind was mostly offset by a 60% increase in new store openings during the quarter, as new stores carry a much higher SG&A rate.  Drivers to the expense leverage included strong sales, the mild winter weather, lowered expenses, expenses such as utilities and snow removal and better leverage on advertising spend as a result of our ability to effectively utilize national advertising medium. These positives were partially offset by higher store level payroll as our operations teams dynamically adjust store-by-store payrolls to ensure we have the store level hours we need to grow the business.  Our current plan is to continue to run at a higher spend on store payroll for the remainder of the year as they work to capitalizing our customer service initiatives. As a result, we now expect to be in the upper end of our annual per store SG&A guidance, which is an increase of between 1.5% and 2%. Operating margin for the quarter was 16.2% of sales, representing 197-basis-point improvement over the prior year as we saw strong sales in gross margins combined with good expense control.  Based on our first quarter performance, our increase in expected full year gross margin as a percent of sales partially offset by higher expected store payroll, we're raising our 2012 operating margin guidance to 15.5% to 15.4% to 15.9% of sales. Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of $1.14 a share represents a 37% increase over prior year's adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.83. As a reminder, the adjusted earnings per share from the first quarter of 2011 excluded the onetime charges from our financing transactions.  Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to make great progress in improving the productivity of our net inventory. At the end of the quarter, our inventory turnover, net of payables, was 4x versus 2.6x at this time last year. While inventory per store is down 5% versus the prior year, the initiatives Greg discussed earlier will mostly offset this reduction. And we continue to expect per store inventory will be relatively flat for the full year.  The driver of the net inventory productivity has been our ability to work with our vendors to improve terms to our vendor financing program. At the end of the first quarter, AP to inventory stood at 73%, which was an incredible improvement over the prior year ratio, which was 49%. We continue to see opportunities to enhance our terms and are raising our year-end AP to inventory guidance from the 70% to 75% range to a target of 80%. At the end of the quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.68x, which remains well below our long-term targeted leverage range of 2x to 2.25x. While we will incrementally increase our leverage over time, we remain very committed to maintaining our investment grade ratings.  For the first quarter, free cash flow improved 70% to $339 million. This strong improvement was driven by the increased net income, the improvement in our net inventory investment and reduced capital expenditures relating primarily to no acquired store conversions in 2012. Based on our results to date and the increase in our expected year-end AP to inventory ratio, we are increasing our 2012 full year free cash flow projections to $700 million to $750 million.  During the first quarter and through the date of this earning release, we have repurchased 1.8 million shares with an average price of $87.10. This brings our repurchases to date to 17.7 million shares with an average price of $64.14. Our first priority for the use of free cash continues to be to consolidate the industry through accretive acquisitions. To the extent these opportunities are not available, we intend to continue to prudently execute our share repurchase program with the $575 million of cash in the balance sheet and additional free cash flow generated during the year. Our guidance for both the second quarter and the full year takes into account the shares we purchased through yesterday but does not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases.  For the second quarter, our diluted earnings per share guidance was $1.13 to $1.17 per share. For the full year, our diluted EPS guidance is $4.47 to $4.57 per share.  At this time, I'd like to ask Shonda, the operator, to return to the line, and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Shonda?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Baker.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So my question is on the commercial penetration within the CSK stores. I think if I recall at the time of the acquisition, commercial was about 10% in the acquired stores. You guys talked about a goal of getting to 40%. Correct me if I'm wrong, but towards the end -- at the end of last year, I think you were at 30%. And so if you could let me know -- let us know where you are now, and relative to the fourth quarter, did the commercial business within the acquired stores accelerate more or less than the total comp acceleration. That's the first question. The second is just a clarification. You said it a couple of different ways. I think I got confused. On the -- your pricing this quarter, were you more or less sharp in your pricing in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, to answer the last question first, the description that we were trying to give without going into too much detail is that our -- the pricing we referred to is our advertised price, just promotional price. And what we've done is we've just taken the position that we're running a little sharper, call-to-action type of advertised items and running them for a shorter period of time. So the exposure to gross margin erosion is probably a little bit less, but we get more activity as a result of those ads, which is the reason that we're running them. On CSK, the mix of commercial business continues to increase a little bit. We'd be about 200 basis points or so ahead of where we were last time we talked. So around 32% would be the commercial business number, right in that area. And then what was your other question, Michael?
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just in terms of your acceleration in your comp to 7% from 3% last quarter, so nice acceleration. What -- where did you see the biggest acceleration? Was it commercial? Was it DIY? Was it the acquired stores? Was it the core stores?
Gregory L. Henslee: We don't get into breaking down the comps between the different types of stores we have, but we saw a good pickup in both the DIY and DIFM side of the business. The CSK commercial continues to be our highest-performing comp percentage for that sector of our business, of course.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Balter.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's Simeon for Gary. Can you talk about the slow start you mentioned in Q2? Can you comment on whether you're already within the range that you gave? And then do you have a best guess on how the weather impacted the comp in the first quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee: We really don't have a guess. We know that the weather was a positive because of the early spring weather. We feel like there was a lot of work done and appearance chemicals and other maintenance items that probably wouldn't have been done in March that would have typically been done in April. As far as the comp, we had a little bit of a -- through this point in the month, we have a little bit of a misalignment with our weekends, which significantly impacts our measure of comp store sales. So what I would tell you is we're right around the range that we gave for our quarterly comp, but we're comfortable with the comp guidance that we gave of 3% to 5% for the quarter.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the follow-up on inventory, can you talk about what type of inventory you're adding? I mean, presumably you know that you're best in class already. Is it category that you're filling? Or are you just trying to extend your lead in certain categories?
Gregory L. Henslee: Part of it is the expansion of some private label lines that we want to have better coverage on. Today, the lines that we duplicate, our branded line with private label, we might have or we would have fewer SKUs in private label than what we have in the branded line. We're expanding some of those private label lines, and part of it is just the way we approach the method by which we deploy inventory. We've just seen an opportunity to improve the finance by which we deploy inventory, and we decided to use that in our new stores. And in doing that, we decided to roll that out to some of our existing stores. What we're talking about is application parts or hard parts. This would not change the way we manage our display areas.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And is there demand for either lower price point? Or is it higher quality?
Gregory L. Henslee: It's a mix. I think some of the private label products that we sell today are higher quality than they were a few years ago. And there's demand for those products. And because they're priced lower, during the recession, we saw good demand for those private label products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kate McShane.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the inventory question as well. I wondered if you were able to quantify any kind of comp lift or margin lift that you are expecting from this initiative. And just more detail on the timing.
Gregory L. Henslee: It wouldn't be a significant margin lift. I don't know, Tom, if you've got a comment on that.
Thomas G. McFall: The additional inventory we're talking about is in the area that provides more offering to satisfy more customers, so it would be an opportunity to increase sales. And obviously, we look closely at the turns of all our inventory, and we're expecting to get good productivity out of this inventory. The timing will be -- it's a pretty major change in initiative. And lines will start rolling out here in the next couple of weeks and they will take 4, 5 or 6 months to complete the process.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Gober.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question I have was on gross margins. Just curious, you mentioned the price optimization in some of the front room categories in the past and just curious if you could give us an update on where you are in terms of rolling that out across categories. And then a follow-up, just looking at the SG&A per store, clearly a little bit higher than the range in the first quarter. I was just curious if you could kind of dimensionalize how much of that was due to the higher store openings in the first quarter than maybe expected versus some of the higher staffing levels.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I'll take the price optimization question, David. We're less than halfway in rolling that through our display area categories. Today, our plan is to use this software only on display area categories. But some of the things that this software does, we will apply to our back room lines over time. But we've not begun that process yet. So we're less than halfway with that rollout. I wouldn't expect a material impact on our gross margin from the remainder, but it is -- it does give us the ability to better balance our desires to drive demand on certain items with optimizing our gross margin, and that's what we're working on there. On the SG&A per store related to the new store openings, Tom, I don't know if you have a comment on that.
Thomas G. McFall: That is a driver of SG&A being higher on a per-store basis. What I would tell you is when we look at our internal plan, we're very comfortable with where SG&A came out for the first quarter, and in context of our 1.5% to 2% increase for the year, continue to be comfortable with that. So from our standpoint, we have some difference in timing of expenses, and expenses flowed out as we anticipated. The first quarter was some positives from the weather offset by the higher store payroll we decided to run. And looking forward, we're moving up in our guidance because we anticipate continuing to spend a little bit more on store level payroll. So the percentage of growth year-over-year is higher than the range, but when we look at our plan for the year, it's right within our expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Melich.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions, one on the private label penetration, that 1/3 that it is today. What was that a year ago? And how much of that is more foreign direct imports as opposed to more traditional private level?
Gregory L. Henslee: A year ago, it would have been close to 30%, probably just under 30% in that area. It's a mix of application parts. It could be antifreeze and motor oil and a lot of different things. Part of our foreign car parts strategy is private label. And when you say import, I assume you mean for import cars and not just imported product, correct?
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Well, I was -- actually, I meant imported product. But yes, if you can answer on imported cars, that would be great, too.
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the majority of the private label products that we would carry in hard parts would be products that are made outside the country. But a big portion of our strategy today is to improve coverage for imported cars. And some of that coverage is being added to our private label lines and aligned in product brands that we own, and we'll continue to do that. Much of the product is directly imported by us.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then second, on weather, you mentioned how it did help. If you look at history where you had that sort of really mild winter, what can you tell us in terms of categories or percentage of sales and their impacts, if you look again at history, not necessarily pull-forward but just the fact that some parts may not fail as much like batteries or hoses, if they never got as brittle over the winter?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, here is -- weather is -- as I said earlier, it's hard to predict the impact weather has on our business. What I can tell you is a mild summer has more of an impact on it than a mild winter. And the reason I would say that is this, in a really hot summer, car batteries bake. That's really what causes the failure, one of the primary things that causes premature failure of car batteries. A lot of times, you won't see the symptoms from a battery that's been overheated for a long period of time until the battery is loaded in cold weather. It takes more cranking amps to start a car in cold weather than it does in hot weather. So it would be hard to quantify any differences that we would potentially see based on us having a mild winter. I would say that it would be minimal. I would say the effect that we've talked about to this point has just been the pull-forward in business that we typically wouldn't have seen as early in the year as we saw this year that we wouldn't expect demand to change much. One thing that you can watch for, of course, is if we were to have a very mild summer and not a hot summer. That affects temperature control parts, air conditioners, things like that and some of the cooling system parts. So that can have an effect. But provided we have a hot summer as is predicted, I would expect demand to be good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Denise Chai.
Vincent J. Sinisi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Vincent for Denise. I wanted to ask about your vendor financing program, if you guys could just give us an update in terms of the percent who are fully or partially on that at this point.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we have about 40%, 45% of our vendors signed up for the program. That's when we look at the total population. We still have opportunities with a few of our larger vendors who we think there is a cost savings opportunity and win-win situation. Some of the vendors that are not candidates, an example would be, the oil manufacturers are not a great candidate to be on that program based on the size of those companies. And of the total population, we have signed up the 40% or 45%, thereabouts, gets approximately 75% full where they are in the cycle program. One thing I'd like to add is, all things being equal, just based on the flow of our business, if we didn't have the impact of vendor financing, when we go into the fourth quarter and business slows down in our industry, our AP to inventory churn slows down. So all things equal, the end of the first quarter would be a higher percentage than the end of the fourth quarter. But our expectation is that we'll continue to build the percentage even against that seasonal trend due to our vendor financing program continuing to add leverage for us.
Vincent J. Sinisi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And Tom could you maybe just put it in context, like the 45% now, like where was that over the past couple of quarters?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, this is a program that we had before we bought CSK. And the finances of the CSK acquisition based on the credit markets, we had to use an asset-backed loan facility, and it really took us out of the vendor financing program. So if we look back to the first quarter of last year when we went and issued our public bond and became unsecured, that's really when we launched the program. So this headway has all been made in the last calendar -- in the last 12 months.
Vincent J. Sinisi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. Okay. And just as a follow-up, your advertising program, I know in the past you've preferred radio. Is that still the case? I know you made some comments that your national TV campaign was doing well. How do you look at that going forward?
Gregory L. Henslee: I think at this point, we still prefer radio, although we are allocating a pretty significant portion of our budget this year to television advertising. And we also like sponsorships to sporting events, basketball, NASCAR, NHRA and a variety of other events. But radio would still be a big part of our spend. And we'll just kind of evaluate how TV does this year, this being the first year in a while we've used television, and see what we think the results and make the decision as to how we proceed next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Rifkin.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You mentioned your ability to accelerate new store openings in Q1 due to the favorable weather. Would you be able to quantify how much that added in the expenses to the quarter? And would it be reasonable to assume that we will be saving on those expenses in Q2? That's my first question.
Gregory L. Henslee: The answer to that would be we won't save on those expenses. Once the stores are open, we're generating those expenses. As the stores open up and their sales pickup, the impact on our SG&A percentage will diminish.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But Tom, but the preopening expenses associated with any store that opened in Q1, that was a Q1 expense, is that correct to assume, and that won't occur in Q2?
Gregory L. Henslee: That portion is true. The bigger driver is when the stores are operating, what their percent of payroll -- their sales are just building, but the expenses for the store are relatively fixed.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And just a point of clarification, if I may, in response to Michael's question earlier, your new goal to get the CSK commercial proportion up to 40%, that's more of a function of just the strength in their DIY business as opposed to a function in your disbelief that you can't get it up to the 50-50 proportion that a legacy store has, is that fair?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Our objective is to do as much business as we can at the appropriate gross margin. And while we would expect these stores over time, to have a market share that would be very similar to the historical O'Reilly stores, the differences in some of these store locations would drive us to have that business mix projection just because some of the stores that we talked over the last couple of years are in locations that wouldn't be as conducive to having robust commercial programs. So we're just giving an estimate of where we think we can get to based on some of the stores being in positions that wouldn't be as conducive to having commercial programs that would operate to the degree that many of our historical O'Reilly stores do.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And one last question, if I may. I mean, your ability to increase the AP to inventory ratio in this quarter in particular is really quite remarkable. You're basically at where your goal was for the end of the year. Can you just maybe elaborate a little bit on how you were able to, in fact -- how you were able to get that ratio pretty quickly, so soon, so much [indiscernible]?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we've had -- we have great support from a great vendor base. And our suppliers are working hand in hand with us to grow our business. We have a very good factory program -- or financing program that some are participating in. And we've just been very pleased with the vendor cooperation that we've had in establishing improved terms, many with use of our financing program.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Cicares (sic) [Ciccarelli].
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I think that's supposed to be Ciccarelli. Can you guys help me understand something? Maybe I'm just a little confused about what I think are somewhat conflicting comments here. You talked about slower -- I thought it was slower sales growth or lower miles driven on the West Coast as the reason for a slow start, so I'm assuming that impacted sales on the West Coast or your acquired markets. And yet, CSK commercial is still the fastest growing segment in the country. Clearly, I misheard something. Can you just help me -- can you help clarify those 2 different comments?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Scot, what we were talking about is just we were defining how the CSK acquired stores had performed. And they did very well in the quarter on the DIY side. And we would generally reflect that side as being more impacted by miles driven because I don't think we're taking as much share on the DIY side as we are on the do-it-for-me side, the do-it-for-me side being also impacted by miles driven. So on the do-it-for-me side, we're taking a significant amount of market share. And we've had very robust growth there. So what we were talking about is just the progression of the quarter and saying that on the DIY side that we started out in January, a little bit slower in the CSK stores, and that ramped up as the quarter progressed and miles driven improved and with just good weather results, things like that. On the do-it-for-me side, we had good sales growth throughout as we continue to take market share out there.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I got it. Very helpful. And then just regarding the -- one more question regarding the gross margin. You talked about increase in private label. Did the private label penetration increase have any kind of noticeable impact on the gross margin performance?
Thomas G. McFall: It is favorable to gross margin. I don't have -- we don't have a number here with us today to tell you the effect of our private label change from a year ago from maybe, I don't know, 29% to 1/3 it is today. It would have an impact. Our private label business generally generates a better gross profit percentage than our branded business.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So is it fair to assume that gross margins could be heading kind of north from where they are if private label does continue to increase as a percentage of sales?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. The mitigating factor is that many of our professional customers prefer the branded products, and that side of the business is growing faster than our DIY side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Wewer.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: The inventory per store declined about 5% year-over-year at the end of the quarter. With the addition of the private label assortment, do you anticipate that adding to your inventories per store forward going? Or will you be editing some of the branded items out?
Gregory L. Henslee: We're going to add net inventory to the stores. The timing of when these rollout is impacting our average per store. But our expectations from the beginning of the year, and it's the same now, is that we will be relatively flat on a per store inventory basis.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Can you educate us on how your vendor-financed inventory program works with this private label initiative?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, for the private label, that's a great opportunity for us to employ our vendor financing program with the manufacturer who's manufacturing those parts for us. So we would talk with those vendors, some of which are the same vendors that produce brand-name parts. So it's equal opportunity, whether it's private label or brand name.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: You had also noted that the private label penetration was about 29% a year ago. Now it's 33%. I believe AutoZone is around 50% or so. Is that the type of threshold that you see O'Reilly reaching someday?
Gregory L. Henslee: I don't think so. Some of the -- some of our main product lines, and I won't name all of them in case any of our suppliers read our transcripts. I want all of our suppliers to feel secure in our relationship, of course. Belts and hoses, filters, chassis parts, many products that we carry, we're very loyal to the suppliers and the brands that we have in place. And our customers are very pleased with those brands. So we won't go to the extent that AutoZone has in the foreseeable future on private labels. But we will continue to augment our existing private label program with additional coverage, and we may possibly change some product lines to a more private label-dominant position, whereas today, we have more of a branded dominant position.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And I think that with the industry, the key advantage of the growth in the private brand assortment will be in growing your do-it-yourself market potential. It's not really a commercial opportunity?
Gregory L. Henslee: For most part, that's correct. And the other advantage, of course, is that it gives us better control over the coverage that we have. If a certain supplier that we're aligned with doesn't provide coverage for a certain array of vehicles and the market that we're in, that may have an unusual vehicle population with private label, we're able to source those products and put them in our private label and provide coverage for that market. Whereas with a branded product where you might not have as much national coverage for the vehicles that might exist in all the niche market, it might not make sense for them to carry those products. So it gives us more flexibility.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin McGranahan.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions on ticket and traffic. It sounded like traffic was relatively flat, and I think that's been the trend for a while. Can you talk a little bit about what you're doing with advertising, the pricing, you call it the call-to-action, a little sharper, a little shorter, and how that's impacting the traffic overall and whether you see any reason to think traffic might get a little bit better?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we're working to accomplish that. Our strategy is to run ads that would be for items or maintenance processes that a customer would do most frequently, run those at a price that would cause the consumer to come to our store, hopefully customers that maybe haven't come to our store before and hopefully decide that they like the location and our people become our customer. So our strategy is to try and drive more traffic. And I think we were reasonably successful with doing that in the first quarter. And we had solid DIY comps as a result. And we'll continue to execute a strategy similar to that as appropriate. And of course, by doing this and by having maybe a little sharper price on some of these items, we don't run them for as long a period of time, which allows us to maybe not take as much of a margin hit for customers that were coming into our store to buy products anyway and then just realize when they're in our store that we have an item at a great price. So we're trying to employ a strategy that we benefit from the traffic but not the erosion of margin -- or not taking the hit for the erosion of margin for the length of time that we had previously ran these kinds of ads.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. That's helpful. Then just obviously, it's a customer acquisition tool. Is there any -- do you have any data or any sense as to how sticky those customers are? I mean, are these the bottom feeders that are just shopping price on oil and the oil change package and maintenance items? Or are you actually able to successfully turn them into kind of consistent repeat customers?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we hope for the latter but know some are the former. That's very hard to measure. And we're trying to put in place programs that will give us a better method to measure that through customer identification, customer loyalty programs, things that give you a way to ID a DIY customer when they make a transaction at your store and you can kind of measure that better. Today, we don't have a good measurement of that, or at least as good a measurement of that as we would like, but we are in the process of implementing programs that would allow us to better measure that.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And on the flip side of that, obviously it was a very nice increase in the ticket, clearly about a 6% increase in the ticket, x the leap day. Can you give us any sense of how much of that was increased AUR, increased UPT or mixed effect?
Gregory L. Henslee: We're definitely seeing some inflation in categories, especially oil-based and some of the commodities, so that's driving part of it. Probably about half is continued shift to more hard parts and less accessories, so about half and half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Hofkin.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a quick question, and I apologize if this was asked earlier, can you remind us of kind of what the comparison trend is in the balance of the quarter? I seem to recall that especially in May and the first part of June last year, things slowed down a little bit before picking back up.
Gregory L. Henslee: Actually, month by month, we were pretty consistent throughout the quarter. May took a little bit of a dip. And then June popped back up. But there really is not enough difference to really call out 1 month as being a much larger month than the other. So we have pretty consistent comparisons through the 3 months of the second quarter.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. So I guess beyond -- it sounds like most of the demand pull-through to the degree that you're able to tell that, that happened would have been relative to what would have happened in April, is that fair to say?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. That's what we're estimating.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And is there a way to sort of gauge how much you think that might have helped 1Q?
Gregory L. Henslee: It would be a guess at best. We look at our sales by category. And clearly, some of the categories that you would logically think would be categories that could be positively impacted by mild weather coming out of the spring that you would typically see growth in the spring weather, those categories did well. So we would expect that there was some pull-forward in those categories. But to quantify them would be very difficult.
Daniel Hofkin - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. In the first 2 months of the quarter, was weather -- in January and February, was weather a net negative or neutral? I mean, clearly, it was a positive in March. But I'm just wondering kind of what your thought is on the weather impact as the quarter progressed.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think in January, it's probably a little bit of a negative and then more of a positive in mid-February to March. January was kind of a mild winter weather, but spring wasn't here yet, so we were kind of in that in between zone. And of course, our business benefits from extremes, although the demand for parts and products always comes around. If a battery is going to fail and it doesn't fail, it's on the edge of failing and we don't have a 3, 0-degree nights in a row that would cause it to show the symptom that it's failed, it's going to fail in a couple of 3 months or something. It's not going to last another year because it didn't get to 0 degrees for 3 nights in a row. So sometimes the demand might be deferred because of weather, but I don't think that weather plays a long-term role in demand for products in our business.
Operator: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. We'll turn it back over to the leader.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, thanks for everyone's attendance on our call this morning. We were happy to report solid results in our first quarter, and we'll look forward to reporting good results to you at the end of our second quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President Ted F. Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sylvia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly's 2011 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a pre-statement.  The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements, discussing among other things, expected growth, store development, integration expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental regulations, the company's increased debt levels, credit ratings on the company's public debt, the company's ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses such as CSK, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, for additional factors that could materially affect the company's financial performance. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is of course Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman is also present.  It's my pleasure to once again congratulate Team O'Reilly on the solid quarterly performance and the outstanding results in 2011. The 4.6% same-store sales increase we achieved for the year on top of the 8.8% increase we generated in 2010 was a significant accomplishment and we should all be very proud of our performance. The main focus at our annual store managers conference in Nashville a couple of weeks ago was several initiatives correctly underway that will put us in a position to take the great customer service our stores currently provide to the next level. These initiatives are progressing nicely. However, more important than any of the tools we use is our commitment to ensuring customer service is our top priority.  No matter what role we play in the company from receiving, stocking, picking and shipping products at our distribution centers, to providing expert advice to our walk-in customers to prompt accurate parts deliveries to our professional customers, we all play a critical role in making sure the level of service we're able to provide our customers exceeds that of our competitors. And all of Team O'Reilly is to be congratulated on the excellent job you did delivering industry-leading customer service in 2011.  Now onto some details about our company's performance in the fourth quarter. As we discussed on our third quarter conference call, we forecasted fourth quarter comparable store sales in the range of 3% to 5%. We generated comp store sales in the lower end of our range at 3.3% for the quarter. As many of you that have followed our company and industry over the years know, the fourth quarter is always the toughest quarter to forecast comparable store sales.  A couple of factors play into the volatility of comps in the fourth quarter. The first is weather. It plays a key role in driving seasonal demand. As weve said before, extreme temperatures, hot or cold, generally generate better demand in our business than mild conditions. This winter, most of our markets have had unusually mild weather up to this point.  The other factor is simply economic conditions. As financially stressed consumers took on the extra burden of discretionary holiday spending, we speculate that many deferred expenditures that could be deferred, including vehicle maintenance to some degree. That said, with the comparison against the 9.2% comps we had in the fourth quarter of 2010, we're reasonably pleased with our results.  As has been the case for some time now, our comparable store sales growth is being driven primarily by the professional side of our business. Both in the CSK converted stores and the historical O'Reilly markets, the do-it-for-me side of our business is growing faster than the DIY. We speculate this is primarily a symptom of the economy whereas the typical do-it-for-me customer may not be as financially challenged as the typical DIY customer, who primarily does their own vehicle maintenance out of economic necessity.  We continue to make good progress at implementing our business model in the stores acquired with the acquisition of CSK. We're gaining credibility with professional customers in these markets and expect these stores to continue to generate strong sales improvements over the next several years as our teams develop their skills and become a credible business partner for the professional customers.  We're also working to gain back the retail business that had been lost in the Western markets prior to the acquisition. I won't go into a lot of strategy discussion on this topic but will say we're currently putting a lot of effort on regaining the DIY traffic that was sacrificed under CSK management and rebuilding an appropriate market share. The CSK stores as a group continue to lead our company in comparable store sales gains and our expectation is that 2012 will be another strong year for these stores as our efforts in these markets continue to gain traction.  The macroeconomic factors that affect our industry remain basically unchanged since our last conference call. Fuel prices remain relatively high at $3.44 per gallon, up 11% from a year ago. Unemployment rates are still over 8% and miles driven in the U.S. through November were down 1.4%, representing 38.3 billion fewer miles driven. These conditions, in and of themselves, would typically create an overall headwind for our industry. However, with the average age of vehicles having increased substantially over the past few years due to depressed new car sales, we speculate that miles driven on vehicles out of warranty has incrementally grown, resulting in a better auto-parts sales yield per mile driven.  We also speculate that many consumers are relatively pleased with the way their vehicles are performing at higher mileages due to the significant engineering and manufacturing improvements in vehicles manufactured over the past 10 years. For this reason, we suspect there will be a lasting result from this recession when it comes to the frequency in which many consumers feel compelled to replace their vehicles and the length of time vehicles stay on the road.  Our expectation of 2012 is that our industry is in for another solid year and we anticipate our comparable store sales will be in the 3% to 6% range. So far, we're off to a good start to the year with solid results for the month of January and are forecasting comparable store sales for the first quarter in the range of 4% to 6%. Generally speaking, 2011 was an outstanding year for our company. We achieved many goals, including the completion of the work necessary to convert the CSK stores and establishing the O'Reilly Brand nationally along with several other significant financial performance accomplishments.  First, we generated a very respectable 4.6% comparable store sales gain at an all-time record gross margin rate of 49%. We opened 170 new stores while reducing our total inventory by $38 million. We sought and established credit ratings from the rating agencies at an investment-grade level and have since been upgraded by Standard & Poor's. This enabled us to replace the asset-backed loan facility we used to acquire CSK with unsecured notes. This opened the door for us to greatly enhance our vendor financing program, drive down our supply chain costs, and with the help of our supplier partners, increase our AP to inventory ratio from 44.3% at the beginning of the year to 64.4% at year end.  These factors, along with good expense control, generated an all-time record annual operating margin, on an adjusted basis, of 14.9% of sales and an all-time record free cash flow of $791 million. We're clearly very proud of our performance but we're not spending much time celebrating our 2011 successes. We have a lot of work to do to get the stores acquired, as part of the CSK acquisition, performing where we want them to be and are very focused on executing our business plan in all stores.  We're also focused on improvements we feel we can make to the already high levels of service we provide our customers. On the DIY side, customers come to us for solutions to issues they're having with their vehicles. Our ability to help our customers find resolution to the problems they're having is a key driver to earning DIY business. And we're working to enhance the information systems that we use to assist our parts specialists in reviewing the symptoms that a customer's vehicle may be showing and ultimately, helping them come to a successful resolution.  We have several initiatives underway that revolve around other point-of-sale system enhancements, as well as improvements to our electronic parts catalog. As we speak, 35 of our stores are testing a greatly enhanced parts lookup platform that we feel give our parts specialists an industry-leading access to rich product content that will help us take the customer service we offer in our stores to the next level.  In closing, I think it goes without saying that we remain very optimistic about the future of our company. As the economy improves and commuter miles increase, we expect miles driven to start increasing once again and this should continue to drive solid demand in our industry. We see continued opportunity for us to gain market share on the do-it-for-me side of our business, while at the same time working to drive more retail traffic into our stores and we remain very focused on several initiatives that will help us accomplish our market share goals.  All levels of management play a key role in our results and we're very fortunate to be in a position to benefit from the promote-from-within philosophy our company has employed over the years and are very proud of the experienced management team we have in place.  Lastly, I'd like to again congratulate all of Team O'Reilly on the outstanding 2011 results. I know we're all working hard to make sure 2012 is another record year for our company. Thanks to all of you for your commitment to our continued success.  I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted F. Wise: Thanks, Greg, and good morning everyone. Like Greg, I would like to commend our team for a good fourth quarter, as well as a great performance in 2011. It was truly a team effort from all corporate departments, our 23 distribution centers and our sales and store operations teams. By providing great customer service, our teams produced 4.6% comp sales for the year, which was on top of the strong 8.8% comp in 2010. In addition, our fourth quarter sales produced an operating margin of 14.7% and for the year set a record high, 14.9% operating margin.  This demonstrates the team's ability and focus on expanding our market share based on profitable sales while improving team productivity and being prudent expense managers throughout the organization. We finished this year with 3,740 stores that produced a 7% sales increase reaching a record $5.8 billion total sales. Again, thanks to our team for the commitment and hard work which was required to make our fourth quarter and 2011 another record success.  Now I want to briefly cover some store expansion details. We installed a net 32 new stores in the fourth quarter, and we finished the year with a total of 170 net new stores, bringing us to 3,740 stores. Our store installation group also completed 405 CSK out front store resets last year. With the CSK interior resets completed and all the store exterior signage changed to the O'Reilly Brand, we're entering into 2012 with a fresh new O'Reilly image on the West Coast. Changing over the 1,300-plus CSK stores to O'Reilly interior and exterior has proven to be a huge challenge and we thank all the Team Members for the hard work involved in the many phases of the task throughout the last 3 years.  We added our first store in West Virginia, which puts us operating in 39 states. Michigan and North Carolina led in new store count at 15 each, followed by Texas, Ohio and Illinois at 13, 12 and 11, respectively. In all, we had store growth in 26 different states. West Coast expansion accounted for 12 of the new store installations for 2011. This year, we are projecting 180 new store installations. We started out strong with 37 new stores opened in the month of January and a projection of up to 70 stores in the first quarter. This will be a busy year for store relocations as well as we have continued to develop our relocation plans for the West Coast stores.  Last year, we relocated 19 stores into new buildings and our goal for 2012 will be in the range of 40 store relocations company-wide. As leases expire, we see lots of opportunities going forward to improve both our retail image and our occupancy expense in many West Coast and upper Midwest stores from the CSK acquisition. This also includes our ongoing program of upgrades and relocations in core O'Reilly stores as the need and opportunity arises to improve our position in the market.  As I mentioned, we have made great progress on all fronts with the CSK store conversions, including O'Reilly exterior signage, new plan-o-grams and reset front floors with new decor packages. From a brand and image standpoint, we are truly starting 2012 as O'Reilly Auto Parts on the West Coast. Our teams are well trained on O'Reilly systems and converted to all aspects of our dual market format of growing both our retail and professional business.  Of course, the teams will continue to grow and become stronger with more experience and ongoing training. Our focus on strategic recruiting, store training and developing our teams in the store continue to be a top priority. In the expansion markets, our district managers, regional manage and our professional sales teams have become more seasoned and experienced. And now with the transition task of store conversions behind them, they're totally focused on building stronger store teams and a full-time sales team that will ensure we are successful in developing the relationships and providing the consistent high service levels necessary to expand our market share on the professional side of the business.  On the retail front, dual branding has ended and all markets have converted to O'Reilly brand advertising and marketing. This allows us to move to a national advertising platform that is much more effective and more efficient in reaching our customers across all markets. This year's advertising plan includes the introduction of television along with our print, a strong radio advertising schedule and the continued involvement in sports and motorsports sponsorships.  We feel the addition of television into our advertising and marketing plan, along with moving to a national level program, will be a great benefit in continuing to grow the O'Reilly brand across all markets. In addition, on the retail side of our business, raising the bar on customer service level would be a top priority this year. One new program we will be establishing is a customer service index program for the stores that will provide feedback from our customers to our store teams. The effective integration of the customer feedback program will help our managers and our field leadership provide more consistent and higher service levels across the store group.  In addition, we are continuing to work on enhancing our store scheduling model to provide the right level of service at the right time, and continues to be a key focus of our operations teams. We will especially be focused on improving our bilingual staffing for our Hispanic customers, as well as an increase in advertising and marketing to the Hispanic market. We know that we have good opportunity to grow our retail sales and that we must always focus on our top store goal: providing the best service levels in all of our markets. These new programs, along with others, will help ensure that our teams stay focused on achieving this goal.  As I mentioned in the beginning, we are very proud of our company performance last year and our team, which was responsible for these great results. We definitely have opportunities to grow and expand both our retail and professional market share in our existing stores, as well as continued expansion into new markets. And most importantly, we have a great group of motivated Team Members that will help us accomplish our sales and profit goals. We are looking forward to having a great 2012.  I'll now turn it over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now we'll take a closer look at our results and add some color to our guidance for 2012. Comparable store sales for the quarter increased 3.3% on top of the prior year's comps of 9.2% with professional sales driving the majority of the increase, although DIY comps did contribute.  Average ticket increase accounted for the comparable store increase as DIY traffic continued to be under pressure during the quarter, based on difficult comparisons and macroeconomic factors combined with unseasonably mild weather in many of our markets. For the quarter, sales increased $81 million, comprised of a $43 million increase in comp store sales, a $38 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $2 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $2 million decrease from closed stores.  For the year, sales increased 7% to $5.8 billion, primarily driven by our 4.6% comparable store sales growth. For the year, ticket average drove the increase as DIY ticket count was under pressure for much of the year. We believe the increase in ticket average was the result of professional sales growing faster than DIY sales and our product mix tending towards hard parts, both of which carry a higher ticket average.  Our sales guidance for 2012 is $6.15 billion to $6.25 billion. Our comparable store sales guidance is 3% to 6%, driven by strong growth in the professional side of the business, especially in the acquired markets and slower growth in the DIY side of the business.  Gross profit for the quarter increased 135 basis points over the prior year. This significant increase was a result of improved distribution efficiencies and improved shrink, but the main driver was merchandise margin related primarily to more favorable gross margin on promotional items as compared to last year, as well as softer sales on some lower margin seasonal items. For 2012, we expect gross profit as a percent of sales to be 48.9% to 49.3% of sales versus 49.0% percent in 2011.  For 2011, professional sales comprised 41% of total sales and we expect that mix to continue to grow as professional sales increase faster than DIY sales, which will put downward pressure on our gross profit as a percent of sales. We expect this pressure to be offset by improved distribution efficiencies, improved product acquisition costs, price optimization strategies and a somewhat more conservative advertised price strategy.  When we look at our advertising strategy for 2012, we intend to be more promotional than we were in the fourth quarter of 2011 but slightly more conservative on a full-year basis. This more consistent advertising philosophy will drive a more even gross margin percentage throughout the year.  SG&A adjusted for the former CSK officer claw-back for the quarter was 35.3% of sales versus 36.1% in the prior year. The improvement was driven by improved leverage on fixed store occupancy costs and by improved payroll efficiencies, which were driven by tight operational management, leveraging sales growth and comparing against 2010, which included conversion labor. When we look at average SG&A per store for 2011, we were able to keep the expense flat per store versus an increase of 3% in the average store sales volume.  Looking forward to 2012, we expect to see per store SG&A increase between 1.5% and 2% to be returned to a more normal SG&A growth rate based on not having the comparative benefit of conversion costs in the prior year. However, we expect to continue to get good leverage on per store SG&A versus average store sales volume increases as we leverage store occupancy costs in the acquired CSK stores and at the headquarters.  Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 14.7% of sales, representing a 214-basis-point improvement over the prior year, as we saw strong gross margins combined with good expense control. For the year, we recorded adjusted operating margin of 14.9%. Our operating margin guidance for 2012 is 15% to 15.5% of sales versus 14.9% in 2011. The improvement is expected to come from leverage on SG&A. As a reminder, our stated goal after the CSK acquisition had been to achieve a 15% operating margin by 2013 and we now expect to achieve that goal a year early.  For the fourth quarter and the full year, the tax rate was 37.8% of pretax income, which was better than we had expected based on our ability to qualify for certain job credits. For 2012, the continuation of these job credit programs is largely uncertain. As a result, we're expecting to return to our normal tax rate of approximately 38.4% of pretax income. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter, which excludes former CSK officer claw-back was $0.93 per share, which represents an increase of 35% over 2010.  For the year, adjusted EPS was $3.81 per share, which represents an increase of 25% over the prior year. At the end of the fourth quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.75x, which remains well below our long-term targeted leverage range of 2x to 2.25x. While we have incrementally increased our leverage over time, we remain very committed to maintaining our investment grade ratings or improving our ratings as S&P did January of this year.  Moving to the balance sheet, we continue to make great progress in improving the productivity of our inventory net of payables. For the year, our inventory turnover net of payables was 3.4x versus 2.5x last year. The improvement was driven from both the accounts payable and the inventory sides of the equation. On the AP side, we increased our AP-to-inventory ratio to 64% at the end of the year versus 44% the prior year.  We continue to see additional opportunities to improve this ratio within our enhanced vendor financing program and we expect to finish up 2012 in the 70% to 75% range. On the inventory front, we reduced the average inventory per store by 6% from the end of last year. Another way to look at this is during 2011, we opened 170 net new stores and at the same time decreased inventory to $38 million. In 2012, we project inventory per store to be relatively flat as we continue to wring excess inventory out of the system and redeploy the dollars into more productive inventory.  For the year, free cash flow improved 134% to $791 million. This strong improvement was driven by an increased net income, improvement in net inventory investment and reduced capital expenditures relating primarily to no new DCs in 2011. In 2012, with CapEx relatively flat and the projected additional improvements in our net inventory investment, we anticipate generating free cash flow of $600 million to $650 million.  With free cash flow this year of $791 million and the net proceeds from additional borrowings of $439 million, we are able to aggressively and opportunistically execute our share buyback program. During the fourth quarter and through the date of this earnings release, we repurchased 1.9 million shares with an average price of $75.84. This brings our repurchase, to date, to 16 million shares with an average price of $61.63. In 2012, we intend to continue to prudently execute our program with $362 million of cash on the balance sheet and additional free cash flow generated during the year. Our guidance for both the first quarter and the full year takes into account the shares repurchased through yesterday but does not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. For the first quarter, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $0.99 to $1.03. For the full year, our diluted EPS guidance is $4.27 to $4.37 per share.  At this time, I'd like to ask Sylvia, the operator, to return to the line and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Sylvia?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into the comp. Have you been able to tease out what you think the weather impact was, perhaps looking either at discretionary sales or versus hard parts or by region?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean, of course we look at all of our sales by category and we do see some decline in what we would consider to be seasonal items, antifreeze, fluids, some hard parts but not as noticeably in hard parts as we do more commodity-type items but we aren't planning to quantify that on the call.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But that definitely had some impact during the quarter?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. And another contributor would've been some of the seasonal items that would be cold weather type items or at least the demand would be driven by cold weather, and then also just kind of a promotional comparison. We had some pretty heavy promotions during the fourth quarter of last year that drove substantial demand and we didn't have equivalent promotions during the fourth quarter of this year driving that same demand. And there was a disparity between the promotional revenue that accounts for some of what we would consider to be the difference.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then second question is on the gross margin, it was a pretty noticeable change in trend. So would you attribute that to price optimization starting to kick in, would you attribute that to a meaningful change in shrink as you trued up some of the accounts at end of the year? How should we think about that?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I would think of it as some benefit on margin percentage of course, from just the seasonal mix, maybe the slower movement of some of the lower gross margin seasonal items, while you didn't benefit from the revenue of sales, you didn't make, of course, the percentage of the gross margin increase as a result of some of those not being mixed in. The difference in promotions was a pretty significant driver of gross margin, price optimization or just our work to manage price, of course, is always a factor. But I would say that our pricing strategy has certainly not changed, we just have a team that works very hard on managing our pricing every day and they continue to do the job. And of course, favorable distribution costs that we've worked hard to achieve and then you have more favorable shrink as we continue to put in place better accounting processes in the stores and just the store procedures that our stores have benefited from for years that the CSK stores did not have in place and are now fully implemented into the stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin McGranahan from Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just focusing back on sales for a minute and maybe a bigger picture question. I understand there's always a lot of variability when you look at the fourth quarter around weather and demand on discretionary spending. But you look at miles driven and it's been down even as the economy has started to get a little bit better and it looks like it's going to be down probably through December and January based on gasoline shipments. With the new CAR SAR, up, I guess, to just a touch over 14 million in January, how are you thinking about just DIY demand going forward, the interplay between maybe a better economy versus a lot less tailwind, maybe from the aging of the car fleet and miles driven remaining pretty weak?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. I think the way we would look at it is the DIY business will be under some pressure as compared to the Do-It-For-Me business for some time, specifically related to the economy. There is a -- our feeling is that those customers are just under more pressure than the typical do-it-for-me customer who makes the decision to have their car worked on in many cases because they are in a position, financially, that they can. So we would think that, that side of the business won't do as well as the do-it-for-me side of the business. And we'll see the DIY incrementally improve as the economy improves and would suspect that there could be some catch up in deferred DIY maintenance that occurred as kind of some deferral for holiday spending and things like that. And that may be part of what we've seen so far in January with the stronger comps that we've had in January.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then second question, just in terms of the comp, obviously, in the fourth quarter was a little bit softer than we expected and I understand all the drivers of that. But how do you think you did from a share perspective, a competitive market share perspective?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we think we did okay. Itll be -- you never know how your competitors are actually doing until they report. There's not been a significant change in the marketplace that would make us think that we haven't continued to gain share as we incrementally have been. But well know more as our competitors report and as we continue to progress through the year.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Anything from the NPD data that you get to see?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean we of course receive that. It appears as though we're gaining market share there. That data is in the process of kind of going away so this past month will be the last month that there's any of that data to be reviewed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Sponheimer from Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Just want to talk to you, you broke out that you thought you saw some declines in consumer discretionary spending because of the holidays. Did this have any change or did this change materially from the prior year?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, as weve said before, fourth quarter is always a volatile quarter and it's tough to forecast what's going to happen in the fourth quarter with holiday spending and so forth. To be frank, last year, we were a little surprised that the strength that had been exhibited in third quarter carried as strong as it did into fourth quarter considering the holiday. But we were, of course, pleased with the, I think its the 9.2% comp we generated in the fourth quarter last year. So yes, I mean, this year, with the tough comparisons throughout the year, we've had more single year pressure on comps, of course the 2-year stack has looked good. But yes, I think we felt a little more this year that there was more pressure on consumers and we base that on not only what they say to us when they're in our stores, pricing parts and considering buying car parts to make repairs, but also what our Do-It-For-Me customers tell us customers are saying to them about the jobs they're bidding and possibly deferring what they can until after the holidays and things like that.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Right. Okay, thats helpful. And just switching over to share repo, obviously, a major capture in 2011 and some room for more in 2012. What metric should we be thinking about as far as you either becoming more aggressive or tailing off from a share repurchase standpoint, obviously looking at only 100,000 repurchased thus far, this year?
Gregory L. Henslee: Tom, would you like to take that?
Thomas G. McFall: We'll continue to use our cash on hand and any additional borrowings and our free cash flow to repurchase shares opportunistically over the year with the caveat that if a good acquisition opportunity comes up, that's a higher priority for our cash.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then just one last one, if I'm thinking about the weather being somewhat troublesome for sales in the fourth quarter, shouldn't there also be a net benefit to working capital for the first quarter, just maybe not having to replace inventory whether it's fluids or batteries, things of that nature?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, the faster that we sell product and turn our inventories, the better position we would be in from a working capital standpoint. So to the extent that sales improve and the pace of sales improves during the quarter, that would be a positive.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Im just talking about restocking.
Gregory L. Henslee: That's what I'm talking about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the promotional side, less promotions year-over-year was a lift in 3Q and then that seemed to step up here in 4Q. So could you talk about how much of this is the environment is less promotional year-over-year, which would seem surprising given the level of comps last year versus this year and how much is O'Reilly execution.
Gregory L. Henslee: Every year you set a marketing, advertising and promotion plan. Our plan last year was not to have as heavy of promotions in the fourth quarter as what we did in 2010. And the primary reason for that is that the work we do to analyze the effectiveness of our promotions indicated that the market basket yield of the promotions that we ran near Christmas just did not generate the return that we would like to see. And for that reason, we decided not to run as aggressive of promotions in the fourth quarter as what we had previously and we did in fourth quarter of 2010. Many times when -- all of our competitors and us run hot specials on oil changes and different things and what we see, in many cases, is theres not a lot of loyalty in where a DIY customers buys those items, although you can convert a customer into being your customer next time they need a part, assuming a good experience when they come in. But what you hope is when they come in to buy an oil change at a great price that we may not make money on, that they buy something else that they're needing, that they're not just changing their oil that they're, at the same time, changing their air filter or whatever the case may be. We saw less lift in promotional events that were in a period when consumers were, from our perception, under more pressure. And for that reason are trying to invest our promotion dollars in periods when we think we'll reap more benefit.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I got you. So when the fish aren't biting don't go out and fish. So then as we segue that to 2012, so does that mean that given the -- how does the gross margin  hows the promotional aspect play out in gross margin over there? Is it something that as you look at next year, it kind of flattens out year-to-year but in the early part of the year, you'll continue to get a lift out of less promotion year-to-year?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. We have a -- our promotional plan is kind of modifying again this year and I'm not going to speak to specifics just because I don't want to tell our competitors exactly what we're planning to do from a promotion standpoint, because I know they're working on their own promotional strategy. But this year you'll see more of a leveling in our gross margin as we have. Our promotions don't, maybe, last quite as long as what they have in the past. So yes, the range we gave for gross margin of 48.9% to 49.3% should be pretty consistently applied throughout the year.
Thomas G. McFall: Chris, this is Tom. So to answer your question, we would expect to see gross margin improvements in the first and second quarter, pretty flat in the third and then probably down in fourth.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And one more follow-up, which is on the weather, obviously, December of 2010 was pretty favorable given how cold it was and then obviously not very good this year. In terms of what you're seeing in January, is that kind of the inverse as you think about January? January wasnt a great month given all the snowstorms in a lot of parts of the country and then this year maybe milder weather ends up being more beneficial?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, January has not been a real cold winter month for us in most markets, yet business has been pretty good. So part of that, as I said earlier, might be just some benefit that we're getting from some holiday deferral of maintenance and repairs that really needed to be done in December but were pushed into January or something. It's always hard to know. Weather is going to be the weather. Extremely cold weather is usually good for us from a short-term spike perspective, as is really hot weather. January hasn't been that cold of a month in most markets but business is good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Rifkin from Barclays.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the gross margin line, you said that part of the gain came from improved distribution efficiencies. I was wondering if you can maybe compare the efficiencies that you saw in Q4 versus sequentially in Q3? In other words, are you seeing greater efficiency gains on the DC side and what's the opportunity for that to sustain itself in 2012?
Thomas G. McFall: Alan, we continue to see improvements in our metrics. The DCs are somewhat seasonal based on sales volumes at the stores, they're most efficient in the highest pick and pack portions of the year in leveraging their fixed cost. So sequentially it doesn't always answer the question, but when we look at our expectations and our performance versus plan and versus the prior year, we continue to sequentially improve based primarily on the newer distribution centers. And we have a number of new DCs in our network, the Team Members and management becoming more efficient and also the sales volumes per store increasing for the stores they're servicing. So we would expect next year to be another good year of improvement driven by the newer DCs becoming more seasoned.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And one follow-up, if I may. So your guidance, Tom, for 2012 of $4.27 to $4.37 does not include future buybacks. You said free cash flow is forecasted to be $600 million to $650 million and your debt to EBITDAR is below your targeted levels. If we look at the working capital that could be generated from the AP inventory moving up another 10 percentage points, which would be $200 million there, combined with your net income levels that are expected to certainly increase in 2012. I mean is it not unreasonable to assume under pretty steady state conditions that you can buy back somewhere between $750 million and $900 million in stock in 2012 that's not factored into your guidance?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, were going -- it's hard to put a number on exactly how many shares we're going to buy back. We look for this to be another very good free cash flow year as we continue to try to catch up to our competitors on the AP inventory side and anticipate good financial results. So we will be out in the market aggressively returning capital to shareholders and we think that can provide good value to them. So it's going to be a big number and we'll determine what that number is as we roll through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Cristello from BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Question is on traffic and you talked about ticket being sort of the driver of sales. In your discussions and comments on DIY and a focus on customer service, can you maybe tie in how you can get store traffic for the DIY customer up? I mean, obviously, that's going to be a function of market share but what do you do to leverage customer service initiatives in terms of then getting those customers into the stores?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, Tony, the way we look at it is very simple. DIY traffic, if a customer is -- if they buy parts from one of our competitors right now, we have to do something to initiate them giving us a try. And that typically happens via advertising and promotions that we run. And what we'll do, as we have done in the past as have others in the past, is run hot promotions on frequently used items like oil changes or other items and you'll get customers in our stores. Like I said, there's not a lot of loyalty when it comes to those kinds of things as customers like to take advantage of specials that companies like ours run. And we hope that while we have them in the store, we're able to convert them to our customer. The other opportunity we feel like we have is that we have not been as aggressive in marketing to the Hispanic customers in the past as what we maybe should've been and what we would like to be now. And considering that we're in many markets now that have a heavy Hispanic population, many of which are heavy DIY-ers, we've got marketing plan this year to address that market. And we're working not only through marketing to drive Hispanic customer traffic but also in-store staffing to make sure that we have Team Members in place in those markets that are bilingual and can help those customers with solving the issues they're having with their vehicles.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And when you think about a strategy like that, it obviously takes time to build and especially as you move into the East Coast and the Mid Atlantic Northeast markets. When you look at the activity to sort of run promotions or target that demographic, how do you then think about a DIY margin that typically then comes in higher versus setting that customer or having that customer used to getting those promotions and then maintaining them? I mean I understand the customer service side but what keeps them, without some type of loyalty program or something else, from just going right back to where they were across the street?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, you hope what happens when they're in your store is they experience a level of service that encourages them to come back the next time they need a part. I mean, we all run promotions and my guess is that a lot of customers that are our customers or any of our competitors' customers, that they go in our competitors' stores too just like theirs coming to ours when we run specials. What I think we all hope is, is that the experience they have in our store is better than the experience they would have in a competitor store and they become our customer, realizing that when someone runs a really hot loss leader-type special, you're going to have -- you risk losing a customer because they're going to go in a competitor store and give it a try. Our hope is that the service levels that we can provide are maybe a notch above and that we retain more of customers than what we get just on a one-time basis.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. So it's more than just competing on price?
Gregory L. Henslee: It's much more. In our business it's much more than just competing on price simply from the perspective that it's hard parts inventories, if you have the parts that they need to maybe go along with the hot oil change that they were getting, it's the Team Members that you have working on the counter that can give advice and just help them with their car maintenance needs. It's a combination of several things that result in a customer, hopefully, becoming loyal to us. To me it goes beyond whether or not you have a card to store credit on when you make a transaction. Customers in our business are looking for more than that when it comes to figuring out how to repair their cars. In many cases, they really don't know what they're doing and they're looking to us for advice on how to solve a problem that they have and we feel like that we have a strong group of Team Members who deal ongoing with a lot of Do-It-For-Me customers, who are professionals that require that our Team Members know a lot about auto repair to give them the service that they expect and that we try to carry that over into our DIY service.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Balter from Credit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's Simeon for Gary, who might be on as well at some point. It was mentioned that DIY did contribute in the quarter. Can you talk about how that played out in the CSK stores versus the core O'Reilly stores?
Ted F. Wise: Well, we haven't broken down the details of that. But what I would say is we have had some -- and we've talked to some conversion issues when we convert the systems of classifications on the CSK system whether they're a professional customer or a DIY customer. What we would say is the fourth quarter, we saw a sequential improvement in the DIY comps at the CSK stores and as Greg commented in his prepared remarks, we continue to have a great opportunity to reclaim market share that the CSK stores used to have on the DIY side of the business.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then following up, I guess, on this weather topic. In the markets where weather did break, did you see the normal seasonal uptick? And then I guess, some of the comments about January suggest that maybe there was some deferral. But in general, when you get a lack of extreme weather, how does that impact more? Does it limit the amount of breakage that you get in a couple of periods from now when the weather changes over again?
Gregory L. Henslee: To answer the first part of your question, yes, in markets where you have, we've had some regional winter weather that has been a driver. To answer your question about the, maybe, deferred demand that can be the result of extreme conditions, that is a factor; not as much with cold weather as it is hot weather. In really hot temperatures, batteries and electrical components are set to fail. But in many cases, they don't fail until they're put under pressure in real cold weather. So it's a little bit more of a factor with summertime than it is wintertime, but that is somewhat of a factor with future repair. It's not a big factor but it is a factor, but more so in the summer heat than it is in winter cold.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just to clarify on the customer service focus, was that across the business or are you addressing an opportunity more specific to DIY, I think that's what you talked about versus do it -- DIFM.
Thomas G. McFall: Our efforts are still to be as good and better as we've ever been on the Do-It-For-Me side. So we continue to put all of the effort we can possibly put into growing our Do-It-For-Me business. We see an opportunity for us to do more DIY business per store than what we're currently doing, more on pace with our 2 primary retail competitors and we're working hard in putting some programs in place that we think will put us in a position to gain some market share on the DIY side, and we're working hard with our store operations group. We just had our store managers conference in Nashville a couple of weeks ago and we're implementing some programs that we think will help us through the promotional traffic that will be created with our advertising and marketing programs to retain some of the DIY business that will be walking in our stores to take advantage of these promotions because...
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Is that more of an opportunity in the CSK stores or in O'Reilly or is it pretty much across the board?
Thomas G. McFall: I think it's pretty much across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Wewer from Raymond James.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two questions. First Greg, you talked about CSK continuing to generate the best same-store sales growth inside the company. As I recall, the objective is to improve the sales per store for those 1,300 stores to around $1.8 million, $1.9 million per location, correct me if I'm wrong. Could you tell us that at the current trajectory, how many more years will be needed to reach that sales level?
Gregory L. Henslee: Tom, you want to take that?
Thomas G. McFall: We're not giving details of the individual stores. We stopped a number of years ago. What we would say to that is when we look at a new store for us, itll get 5 years to maturity, the DIY side of the business matures faster than the Do-It-For-Me side of the business. The good shops in the area must have a good supplier or they wouldn't be a good shop and it takes time to build that relationship. So we have a number of years to go until we get to that saturation point. So I think that would be our comment on that. In Greg's prepared comments, he talked to that we expect to see continued strong Do-It-For-Me growth at the acquired markets for the next several years.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Let me ask you the question this way then. If it takes 5 years for a store to mature and you think about the 1,300 stores as new stores, when did the meter start, [indiscernible] stores, was it 2 years ago or 3 years ago?
Thomas G. McFall: The meter started at various times depending on when the store converted to our system and started to have the full distribution capabilities that we offer as part of our dual market strategy. So the stores in the middle of the country, where we already had distribution reach, started in '09. Most of them started in '10 as the DCs that were built to support them opened.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So probably 2 or 3 years, it sounds like, would maybe the answer my question in terms of when you'd be reaching that kind of sales objective. The other question I had was on your merchandise margin improving, contributing to most of the 135-basis-point increase in LIFO gross margin rate. Can you tell us what the gross margin rate was measured by FIFO? I don't think that was included in the release.
Thomas G. McFall: Well, we don't calculate that specifically. Our LIFO reserve is last buy versus LIFO, not FIFO versus LIFO, which is the requirement. I can tell you that during the quarter, our reserve for LIFO decreased $7 million although the impact on gross margin was significantly less than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two questions. The first relates to some of the business metrics. As we end the year and you think about your results on an annual basis, 2011 versus 2010, obviously the comps moderated in aggregate 8 and change down to 4 and change. Can you give us a sense as to the magnitude of deceleration for the core O'Reilly stores versus the CSK stores and perhaps for the DIY versus DIFM? You really gave us some clue as to the second, but on O'Reilly versus CSK, did CSK comps moderated along with the rest of the base?
Thomas G. McFall: We've kind of come back to this. We're reporting consolidated comps and really not giving color beyond that. We would tell you that the CSK stores continue to perform above the company average and we'd expect that to continue and that Do-It-For-Me has been stronger than Do-It-Yourself.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Any comment on whether their margin of edge versus the rest of the chain widened in '11?
Thomas G. McFall: No comment.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, you alluded to some changes in your parts lookup platform, at least the pilot program for 35 stores. Any sense as to the nature of the enhancements and how they can tangibly help the business going forward?
Gregory L. Henslee: To quantify what it will mean to us from a sales standpoint, Matt, would be incredibly difficult. It will make a positive difference in our ability to look up parts and sell parts and sell related items that go along with parts. And that system is just a very robust system that we've developed ourselves and we're real pleased with it. It's way early in the deployment to pass along any speculation as to what it could potentially mean to us. We do know that it's much, much better than the system were using today and should generate great positive results for us.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It sounds like from what you're saying, the capability of driving ancillary sales would be a big difference versus your legacy system.
Gregory L. Henslee: That and just access to product content, just access to specifications, diagrams, capacities, pictures, just all of the things that a parts specialist would need to know and need to be able to convey to a customer about a product. The system is just very robust in its ability to access that information very quickly and depict it in a graphical way, so that we can show it to a DIY customer or with a professional customer, kind of help communicate with them when we're on the phone as to what part they're talking about, what specifically they want, things like that. So it's a very robust system that we'll do very well with.
Thomas G. McFall: One of the other things that I would add, Matt, is we're using an outside party for our catalog right now and they determine what categories go into the electronic catalog and it's a very robust electronic catalog. But we stock additional items that are not in the catalog and it's up to our Team Members to go to the paper catalog and the parts are in there. So our ability to manage all the breadth of the product that's in the catalog will be a big positive for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions, I guess. Number one, any real geographic differences in the sales performance in the quarter that you can outline for the group? And I understand weather had an influence in various areas but anything you can kind of identify from a geographic basis?
Gregory L. Henslee: Scot, the only thing that we would say, I think we've already said and that is that the CSK converted stores continue to lead our company in comparable store sales so that would imply that the Western stores comped better than the Eastern stores by virtue of the fact that we're bringing those stores into the Do-It-For-Me supply business whereas they had previously not really been in that business.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. But nothing else noticeable outside of that.
Gregory L. Henslee: No.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then second, and I guess this is a kind of bigger picture question. And I do understand that the automotive base in the U.S. is over 240 million vehicles. But are you guys concerned at all or what's your thought process regarding the acceleration in new car sales that we've seen over the last couple months here?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, I mean, we expected it. We didn't think the new car sales would stay down at the 10 or at 11 million annual rate that they were at. And we expected that over time it would increase some. Our careers have been spent in times when annual vehicle sales were up to 16 million, 17 million. So it's an expected thing. It's just part of the cycle of vehicles that get miles on that they roll off the road and go to a salvage yard. And with the average age having increased to where it is, and I think people experiencing that cars can be driven at that very high mileages with good maintenance, I think a lot of the cars that are coming off the road and being replaced will be put back on the road as used vehicles that will be on the road for several thousand miles yet.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Do you think that slows -- I guess my question is the acceleration in SAAR that we've seen, do you think that slows down maybe the improvements in maintenance per vehicle that we've seen over the last couple years because, obviously, the growth of the industry, comp growth of the industry, accelerated pretty meaningfully as the SAAR dropped. I'm just wondering if you think that the inverse is also potentially...
Gregory L. Henslee: Our perspective is that as the SAAR increases is the symptom of the economy improving. And as the economy improves, there's more commuter miles driven and people have more money to spend generally. And so they're kind of  its a mitigating factor to the fact that there are new cars, more new cars coming on the road. Clearly, higher new car sales are not good to the short-term growth of our business. But again, we're talking about 240-million-vehicle population and the difference between maybe 12 million and 14 million, so 2 million vehicles a year coming into the population that are new vehicles as opposed to vehicles that are out of warranty.
Thomas G. McFall: More importantly, car industry demand as a whole is not the SAAR but the scrap rate. To the extent that the SAAR goes up and that the vehicle population goes up, that's a positive for our industry. So we watch the scrap rate and as we talked about in our prepared comments, we think a long-lasting benefit for our industry is vehicles staying on the road longer and driving at higher mileages in that scrap rate, when the vehicles come off the road is a key to our industry.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our allotted time for question and answers. I will now turn the call back to management for any final remarks.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, I would just wrap up by saying thanks for your time. We're looking forward to reporting our first quarter results at the end of the first quarter, and we'll be working hard to make sure that we generate solid results. Looking forward to a great 2012. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ted F. Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer Thomas G. McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory L. Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jared and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly Automotive Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. McFall, you may begin your conference.
Thomas G. McFall: Thank you, Jared. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing among other things, expected growth, store development, integration expansion strategies, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our increased debt levels, credit ratings on our public debt, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses such as CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 for more details. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory L. Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Third Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. Once again, I have the pleasure of beginning our prepared remarks by congratulating Team O'Reilly on the excellent performance. Our third quarter comparable store sales increase of 4.8%, on top of the 11.1% increase we generated last year, is a significant accomplishment and we should all be very proud of our results. As always, our outstanding performance is the direct result of the effort each member of Team O'Reilly puts into our ongoing goal of providing our customers the highest levels of service in our industry. Each one of us plays an important role. Whether our position is in one of our 23 distribution centers, our headquarters or on the front lines in one of our 3,700 stores, as a team, we continue to lead the industry in comparable store sales gains. Thanks to all of you for your hard work and commitment to our company's continued success and again, congratulations on a great job.  Now, on to some details about our performance in the third quarter and some observations on our industry. As we discussed on our second quarter conference call, we projected third quarter comparable store sales in the range of 2% to 4%, and are pleased to report that we exceeded our guidance with comparable store sales of 4.8% and a 2-year stack increase of 15.9%. This is an acceleration compared to our first and second quarters, which had 2-year stack comparable store sales growth of 12.5% and 12.3%, respectively. Sales throughout the quarter remained fairly steady with solid results considering the tough comparisons. The better-than-anticipated performance came primarily from the commercial side of our business as we continued to execute well in our historic markets and continued to succeed with our efforts to implement our dual market strategy in the CSK conversion stores. With the heavy lifting now behind us, our work continues in the conversion stores as we work to further penetrate the commercial business and take back some of the retail market share that those stores had lost over time as we've discussed in the past.  We continue to be pleased with the results of our efforts. With expected variations that exist in any retail chain related to store management abilities, local competition or lack thereof, we continue to see steady sales improvements in the converted stores. As one would expect, the CSK converted stores as a group continue to lead our company in comparable store sales improvements, and we anticipate this trend to continue as we incrementally earn credibility and improve our reputation as the very capable parts supplier and business partner we enjoy in our historic markets across the country. To this point in October, the relatively steady sales trend we've been on has continued. As was the case with our third quarter, we have challenging comparisons in the current quarter, having generated 9.2% comps last year. As always, the primary macro factors that affect demand in our business are miles driven, age of vehicles on the road, fuel prices and unemployment. Through the end of August, miles driven in the U.S. was down 1.3% for the year, representing 26 billion fewer miles driven as compared to 2010. Through the end of September, it appears the seasonally adjusted annual rate of new car sales is about 13 million units, an improvement over 2010. Average fuel prices, while down from the weekly average high of $3.91 per gallon in May, are still 23% higher than this time last year. Currently, the average cost of a gallon of regular gas is about $3.42 compared to $2.78 last year. And lastly, the unemployment rate continues to hover around 9%, down from the reported high of 10.6% in January of 2010.  Clearly, the slow pace of the economic recovery is taxing many consumers and we expect discretionary spending to remain pressured. Fortunately, most of our products are not discretionary and are absolutely necessary to keep vehicles operating safely and on the road. In addition, as the average age of vehicles is incrementally increased over the years, accelerating in recent years due to depressed new car sales, demand in our business has been solid. While miles driven is under some pressure, we speculate that the yield of auto parts demand per mile driven is better since a higher percentage of miles driven are in vehicles that are now out of warranty. In addition, the complexity of some of the systems that exist in most vehicles manufactured in the last 10 to 15 years generally results in more expensive repairs at higher mileages. Systems like fuel delivery with in-tank electric fuel pumps, integrated sending units and fuel injection systems, emission systems, which require a number of sensors and onboard computer and other componentry, as well as antilock brake systems, non-greasable hub bearings and the list goes on and on. So, even with the tough comparisons, we remain optimistic in our ability to generate solid comparable store sales increases.  For the fourth quarter, several factors come into play with the onset of winter and holiday spending demands placed on consumers that are already under financial pressure. However, we feel reasonably confident in our ability to generate a comparable store sales increase in the range of 3% to 5%, maintaining the solid 2-year stack performance we've seen so far this year. Pretty much across the board, we're pleased with our third quarter performance. Gross margin increased to a rate of 49.1% of sales, a 50 basis point improvement compared to the second quarter of 2011 and last year's third quarter. We continue to work tirelessly to enhance our gross margin while creating a compelling value opportunity for our customers. Currently, our focus areas are the improvements we're making in our ability to operate our distribution centers as efficiently as we reasonably can. These efforts primarily revolve around maximizing our use of a variety of technologies that exist in our distribution centers. We also continue our efforts to manage our selling prices by geographic region, both for retail and professional customers. This simply involves putting more science behind the way we price products and as most commonly referred to as price optimization. SG&A expenses continue on a good trend, coming in at 33.4% of sales, a 90 basis point improvement compared to last year. As most of you know, we work very hard to keep our operating expenses low. Our culture and heritage is to spend money on things that improve customer service and offer us competitive advantages, but to resist spending on things that don't. And I think we're doing a very good job adhering to our values. We would expect to see continued incremental improvement on the SG&A line over the next couple of years as we continue our efforts to further leverage our fixed cost in the CSK conversion markets.  The resulting operating margin of 15.7% of sales is a 130 basis point improvement over last year's adjusted operating margin and sets an all-time quarterly high watermark for our company. Tom will be talking about some of the details from our balance sheet in a moment, but I'd like to quickly recognize and congratulate our merchandise, purchasing, inventory control and finance teams for all their efforts to improve our AP to inventory ratio, as well as our inventory turnover. To have opened 137 new stores this year and grow comparable store sales by 4.9% while decreasing our net inventory investment by $309 million is a tremendous accomplishment, and I want to congratulate all of you on the great job and say thanks for your continued contribution to our company's success.  As I've mentioned on our most recent quarterly conference calls, in the absence of the massive CSK conversion activity that has taken place over the last 3 years, we're focusing substantial effort on preparing our company to be an even stronger competitor in the automotive aftermarket in the future. Our work continues on point-of-sale system improvements, expansion of the information to help facilitate technical questions, improved parts lookup capabilities and sourcing capabilities, leveraging opportunities to grow our e-commerce business, both B2C and B2B, systems to enhance the way we manage inventories and adapt to the changing vehicle population, along with a long list of other initiatives. We look forward to the ongoing benefit we'll experience as these benefits incrementally enhance our ability to exceed our customers' expectations.  In closing, I think it goes without saying that I'm very optimistic about the future of our company. We're very fortunate to operate with a team of management members that has successfully worked together for many years, supporting a culture of growth and prosperity that allows individuals to advance in their careers and incrementally take on more and more responsibility, leveraging the lessons they've learned in our business. We look forward to many years of continued success as we all work together to grow our business in existing markets and introduce the O'Reilly culture in markets new to our company. I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted F. Wise: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. I would like to start by also thanking Team O'Reilly for another outstanding performance in the past quarter. Without question, higher gas prices and high unemployment had created a more challenging business climate this year. However, following an 11.1% comp from last year's third quarter, our team pulled through industry-leading comps of 4.8%, while also producing another company record of 15.7% operating margin. Our team's focus and commitment to providing great customer service levels is obviously the foundation for profitable sales growth and market share expansion in both our new and mature O'Reilly stores. We appreciate the hard work and extra effort that have been necessary of all of our team members during the last 3 years of the conversion and transition of CSK stores and distribution centers into the O'Reilly model. Across the company, our team understood upfront how critical it was for our existing stores, distribution centers and corporate leadership to stay focused on growth and profitability of the core operations during this time period. Our performance speaks for itself, and we're very proud of our team for successfully handling all the tasks involved in the conversion while also achieving outstanding company sales growth and profitability during this period. It's rewarding to see these results of our hard work and what we've accomplished in such a short period of time, and it's a great demonstration of the level of commitment of our entire team and what it takes to continue to make O'Reilly a leader in our industry.  Now, in regard to our new store growth, we're on schedule for our new store plan of opening 50 new locations for this third quarter, or we will open, or we have opened 50 new stores in the third quarter. This brings us to 138 net new stores for the year. And we will be opening another 32 stores in the fourth quarter, ending the year with 170 net new stores. Our growth markets in the third quarter included 16 states. Ohio led with 7 new stores, followed by Michigan, Georgia and North Carolina with 5 stores each. By year end, we'll be operating 3,740 O'Reilly stores. As I've mentioned before, we are proud of the fact that during the last 3 years plus of the CSK store conversions and new distribution installations, we have simultaneously opened approximately 500 new stores. In addition, we have continued to evaluate older stores, and as leases allow, make relocations to improve our position in the market. For example, this year, we will end up with 21 store relocations, as well as a large number of store additions and major renovations. This will continue to be a key focus of the real estate team, especially with the older stores on the West Coast that are located in shopping centers. We see the opportunity to increase our retail presence while potentially lowering our rents in many markets on the West Coast. This, of course, is in addition to the new store expansion opportunities we see in the West, which with the support of our new distribution, puts us in great shape to handle the store growth within the current system. For example, this last quarter, our expansion included 4 new store installations in the Western states and our first new O'Reilly store installed in Alaska.  Our real estate team continues to find good expansion opportunities within our current 39 states and can be serviced from the available capacity of our 23 distribution center network. We are finalizing our expansion for next year, and based on our bank of properties in the pipeline, we are setting the goal of adding 180 new stores in 2012.  Now, for a brief update on our progress in the West Coast stores. We are essentially finished with the store planogram resets, interior remodels and exterior sign conversions. We are now going back and fine-tuning overall store image and evaluating areas such as upgrades on interior lighting, exterior painting, landscaping and other maintenance needs that will enhance our retail image. We have received many positive comments from both our team members and our DIY customers on the new store layout and interior store image. The new O'Reilly image, better parts availability at more competitive prices and improved retail staffing model, are all in place and positions our store to grow our DIY business. Our store inventory levels and availability out of the hubs and the distribution center is an important ingredient in our growth of both the retail and professional business. We continue to evaluate and fine tune our hub and spoke system, ensuring that we have the necessary inventory levels in the stores and the hub systems to support our growth. Training and building our store teams continue to be our top priority. Most stores now have been on our computer and operation system for a year or more, and our teams are out of the POS and systems learning stage and can be totally focused on executing our programs and providing superior service levels that are required to win customers over. Our store leadership fully understands that the key to our stores' continued growth is based on the store team. And to have a great store team, we must provide both the technical and service training for our team members, along with recruiting and hiring practices to bring in team members into the company.  In the area of our professional business, our store teams are growing stronger and our service levels are becoming more consistent everyday, which lays the groundwork for building the relationships with professional customers. We have a huge opportunity to grow our professional sales, in-store and sales teams are extremely focused on our service levels, building relationships and the overall -- the execution of our first call program that will ensure we will continue to grow professional market share. Once again, I would like to congratulate and thank all O'Reilly team members for providing outstanding service levels to our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas G. McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now, I'll add some color to the third quarter financial results. For the quarter, comparable store sales increased 4.8%, which was above our 2% to 4% guidance for the quarter, and a strong performance on top of the 11.1% comp store sales increase from the third quarter of 2010. Total sales increased 7.7% to $1.54 billion. The sales increase of $110 million was comprised of a $68 million increase in comp store sales, a $41 million increase in non-comp store sales, a $4 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and a $3 million decrease from closed stores.  For the quarter, ticket average drove our comparable store sales gain. The ticket average trends for the quarter continue to be consistent with previous quarters, driven by the continued shift in our product mix towards hard part categories, which typically carry a higher average ticket, and increased prices driven by increased acquisition costs.  During the quarter, comparable DIY comp ticket count was under pressure. However, this pressure was offset by continued strong growth from the DIFM comp ticket count. Gross profit for the quarter was 49.1% of sales, which was an improvement of 50 basis points over the prior year. The third quarter also sequentially improved 50 basis points over the second quarter of 2011, driven by adjustments to our promotional activities, which, as we noted in our last call, pressured our gross profit percent in Q2, and by improved distribution efficiencies. The third quarter gross profit is a record for the company. However, we should note that the fourth quarter gross profit typically decelerates from the third quarter based on mix changes and loss of leverage and distribution costs based on seasonally lower sales volumes. For the full year, our guidance is 48.6% to 48.8% of sales versus the current year-to-date gross profit of 48.7%.  During the third quarter, we continued to see the inflationary pressures we saw in the second quarter, albeit at a lower rate. During the third quarter, our reserve for LIFO increased $14 million, which is about half of what we saw in Q2. However, we still feel confident in our long-term ability to pass along raw material price increases to our customers.  SG&A results for the quarter continued to be very strong at 33.4% of sales versus 34.3% in the prior year. The improvement was driven by improved leverage and store occupancy costs, improved store payroll efficiencies, advertising leverage and improved leverage on headquarters expenses. These expenses were partially offset by increased fuel costs related to store delivery vehicles and benefit costs. Our tight expense control is highlighted by an increase in average SG&A per store for both the third quarter and year-to-date of less than 0.5%. Operating margin for the third quarter was an all-time high of 15.7% of sales, driven by improved gross profit results and continued tight expense control. Diluted earnings per share for the third quarter was $1.10 per share, which represents an increase of 28% over the $0.86 per share adjusted diluted EPS in the prior year, which excludes the impact of the CSK DOJ settlement charge. Year-to-date, adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes the charge relating to the company's new financing plan in 2011 and the aforementioned CSK DOJ settlement in 2010, was $2.88 per share versus $2.37 in the prior year. This represents a 22% increase.  During the third quarter, we issued $300 million of 10-year notes as we continued to work to balance our capital structure. At the end of the third quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDAR was 1.81x, which ranged well below our long-term targeted leverage range of 2x to 2.25x. While we will incrementally increase our leverage over time, we remain very committed to maintaining our investment grade ratings.  Moving to the balance sheet, we continue to make significant progress in improving the productivity of our inventory net of payables. As of the end of the quarter, our trailing 12-month inventory turnover, net of payables, was 3X versus 2.5x this time last year. The improvement was driven from both accounts payable and the inventory sides of the equation. On the AP side, we've increased our AP to inventory ratio from 47.2% at the end of the third quarter of 2010 to 59.3% at the end of this quarter, which represents another all-time high for us. And we continue to see opportunities to improve this ratio through our enhanced vendor financing program. On the inventory front, we've reduced the average inventory per store by 4% from the end of the third quarter last year. Another way to look at this is since the end of the third quarter of 2010, we've opened 171 net new stores and only increased inventory by $12 million. Again, we continue to see additional opportunities from new excess inventory from this system.  Year-to-date free cash flow improved $281 million over the last year, which represents an 89% increase. This strong improvement was driven by increased net income, the improvement in net inventory investment and reduced capital expenditures relating primarily to no due DCs[ph] in 2011. With free cash flow this year of $597 million and additional borrowings of $300 million during the quarter, we were able to continue our aggressive and opportunistic share buyback program during the third quarter. During the quarter and through the date of this earnings release, we repurchased 8.5 million shares with an average price of $61.66. This brings our year-to-date repurchase to 14.4 million shares with an average price of $59.81, and we intend to continue to execute our program with the $277 million of cash on the balance sheet at the end of the quarter and additional free cash flow generated. Our guidance for both the fourth quarter and the full year takes into account the shares repurchased through yesterday, but does not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. For the fourth quarter, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $0.80 to $0.84 per share. For the full year, our adjusted diluted EPS guidance, which excludes the nonrecurring charges related to the refinancing plan mentioned previously, is $3.68 to $3.72 per share. At this time, I'd like to ask Jared, the operator, to return to the line and we'll be happy to answer questions. Jared?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Gary Balter with Crdit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's Simeon for Gary. Just first, with regard to retail at CSK, the opportunity in the DIFM seemed pretty clear. The retail at CSK was mentioned, I think, at the analyst meeting. Is there any update on the opportunity there going forward?
Gregory L. Henslee: We continue to see a lot of opportunity there. As I have said before and I said specifically in our analyst meeting, the CSK stores had continued to do quite a bit of retail business, especially on the West Coast, that much of their product mix had kind of converted away from the core automotive hard parts business that we're in. And so, we're successfully making that transition back and we feel like we have a lot of opportunity there for many reasons. One, just because of the population and all the economic dynamics that exist in California. But, two, from a retail competitor standpoint, we just don't have as many competitors on the West Coast as we do the East and Central. So we feel like we have opportunity there to grow our retail business and we're putting a lot of effort right now into trying to accomplish that.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up on the commercial side, especially CSK. Jeff at the analyst meeting, I think, described the strategic hire process and its relationship building process. Are you seeing the progression of new account adds that make you feel like you are going to get to that tipping point where that continues to happen and then the ticket starts to grow faster as well?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. No question, that's our strategy, as Jeff described at the meeting. And yes, we've had incremental success. In some areas of the CSK conversions, we've done better than others. Generally, the longer they're converted, the more aptitude our team members develop for our systems and the way we do business. And then as we have more time to evaluate management teams and train management teams, they get better at recruiting the right kind of people. So yes, I think we've -- that's a big piece of our effort there to make the conversion to our dual market strategy. And I think that we're making good progress there. Ted, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Ted F. Wise: Yes, it's a process to obviously not only go out and set up the account and start a relationship with an installer customer. But then, they give you a try and over time, you earn the business based on service levels and everything that goes into being a good supplier. So yes, we see every day and obviously, it's a by-store progress. But we're growing market share as we develop and keep our relationships solid with our installers.
Simeon Gutman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And so in DIFM, there is a good balance between both the ticket, as well as the account sign ups, new accounts?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, we don't address them individually, but we continue to do well on both sides.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Rifkin.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of questions, if I may. With the integration for the most part now safely behind us and obviously, as the attention turns to increasing the productivity at the former CSK stores, would you maybe be able to provide some color on just the delta in productivity of legacy CSK sales person versus the productivity rates of some of the folks who are now supporting the CSK stores?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, CSK didn't do a very good job or didn't put a lot of focus on measuring individual productivity. And I'll just be clear you're speaking about individual productivity, correct?
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes. I mean the folks right now, Greg, that you have supporting the CSK stores, how is their productivity compared to the sales people who are supporting your legacy stores?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, along...
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I realize that most of these people weren't there before, but the performance now.
Gregory L. Henslee: You bet. Well, like I was saying, the CSK did not put a lot of emphasis on measuring individual team member productivity. They, of course, measured store productivity and success as any company would. Our company, with its commission-based programs and team commission-based programs and just the aspiration to perform as well as we have in historic markets, puts a lot of emphasis on individual productivity. And we've seen great gains. I mean to put a number on what CSK, what their average team member generated to what we generated, I wouldn't be able to do that today. But I can tell you, we put a lot of emphasis on that, and we have team members that we have recruited that are now installers, service specialists, that's the title we give them, but they basically manage the transaction and the relationship in the store with our professional customer business. And we have guys out there that are approaching some of the productivity levels that we have in our historic O'Reilly markets. Now, that's not to say we don't still have a lot of upside because we do, because we have some team members in the historic markets that are incredibly productive. And it's astounding how much business they can write and process each day, and at some point, we'll get to that with some of the CSK force that we gained ground significantly there. Ted, I don't know if you have any comments.
Ted F. Wise: Yes, it's -- from where we started and where we're at today, we're very pleased. Although the last 3 years, there's been a lot going on out there as far as the change over and resets and just the learning curve of new systems, so it's really not fair to say they were not productive. But it is accurate to say they are much more productive now on a dollar sales per team member basis, and I think we'll see improvement. I think the improvement, obviously, is going to be due the sales growth and leveraging the expense we have in the stores now. And it's going real well.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And one follow-up, if I may. As you folks pointed out, obviously, there's been a very nice acceleration in the 2-year blended number, with it going from the mid-12s up to 15.9 in this quarter. Would it be reasonable to assume that most, if not all, of the entire delta in your acceleration in comps is coming from the former CSK stores?
Gregory L. Henslee: No, that would not be a correct assumption. The core O'Reilly stores continue to perform pretty well. The historic CSK stores, as I mentioned in my comments, are comping better than the core O'Reilly stores. But -- and yes, a big portion of the delta, I guess, would, is coming from the CSK stores. But the core O'Reilly stores continue to do very well.
Thomas G. McFall: I guess what I would add to Greg's comment there is we have posted as we did last year at 11.1% comp without the core stores, which represent over 70% of the store base now, having a very good year. So when we looked at our guidance for the third quarter, those are tough compares for a more mature market. And then when we look at exceeding the guidance for the third quarter, what our expectations of comps were at the core stores, we exceeded those to help drive the comps.
Alan M. Rifkin - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Yes, I was certainly not implying that I thought for even a nanosecond that the legacy stores were comping flat. I was just trying to kind of look at the delta and what's happened here, Q2 versus Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess I'm attacking a fairly similar topic as a lot of the other analysts on the call here. How long does it take for a commercial business in a new store to ramp up to what you would view as a mature commercial program? Is it a 3-year haul, is it a 5-year haul?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, it varies by store, Scott, depending on the people and competitors and a lot of factors. But I would say that somewhere in the 4- to 5-year range is the ramp to maturity where you have the market share entitlement that you would expect to have, and you have the people or the team members in the store, from a productivity perspective, generating what we would hope they could generate and things like that. So we still have a lot of room in improvement in front of us in the CSK stores, but we're reasonably pleased with what we've been able to do so far.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: No, I understand that. I guess the second part of that question might even be more important is, what does the shape of that curve typically look like? I'm assuming it's not necessarily a linear ramp. I mean, is it kind of like a -- is it an S curve? Is it kind of a hockey stick ramp? I mean, what's the right way to think about how that business typically ramps up?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, all the new stores we open, we open up in both businesses. So we started 0 or in acquisition. We usually start with some professional business and ramp up from there. Probably, a good, I guess, piece of our company to look at to answer your question would be the stores that we converted in the center part of the country that were previously Checker Stores. And there was just, just short of 200 of them that were some of our first conversions. And during the -- because they were in O'Reilly markets and because we had management in place already that fully understood the business, the ramp was pretty quick. And it ramped to a high rate that we maintained for a year or so, and then it came down slightly and has stayed flat since then. They stayed even with where it ramped down to, but it's still an incredible comp rate for those stores. But it stayed pretty equal to where they came back to after that initial kind of high rate of comp that we were able to gain by going out and just being in the installer business for the first time.
Thomas G. McFall: Scott, this is Tom. To add to Greg's comments, if we say it's a 5-year and we look at, as opposed to comps, we look at the dollars of sales added, our expectation would be the slowest years would be the first year as we're building the relationships, which Ted discussed. And the fifth year, when you're trying to get the last few accounts that you haven't signed up to get your market entitlement, with the strongest years being 2, 3 and 4.
Ted F. Wise: And I might add that even though we've owned CSK now for over 3 years that we really didn't start the race until about a year ago when the stores were converted over to our distribution model and our store systems. In those first 2 years, we were just really setting the stage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: The question I wanted to ask, dive a little deeper into the accounts payable leverage. So you've seen a nice improvement here in the last 3 quarters and really, you look on a year-over-year basis, the improvements have been, I think it's -- and now, the pace of improvement's been accelerating. How far, as you think about it, how far could we push that? And what is, as we go from the 57% or 59%, where just now, what are some of the limitations as we start to push further up on that?
Thomas G. McFall: Brian, this is Tom. Our goal right now is to be in the 65% to 70% range by the end of next year with the vendor financing program now in place, that we have unsecured debt, that we've made a lot of headway so far this year. From a number of vendors, until we get to the new dating where the days are added, we don't see that additional increase and we expect to have good improvements next year. When we look forward to the end of this year, historically, from a sales volume standpoint, our AP to inventory ratio slows going into the end of the year. But I think the comparison of where we were end of third quarter last year to end of third quarter this year gives you a good idea of the direction we're going in. When we look at the structural differences, our best opportunity to really work with our vendors on dating hard products, the historic branded products that have a large distribution through the traditional channels. On those products, it's harder to get dating because so much of the vendors' volume is through smaller players in the industry that have a higher credit risk than the big players in the industry. So that's, I think, the structural difference you see between ourselves and some of our competitors.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: If I could follow up, another balance sheet question. On the debt to EBITDAR ratio, you are below what you laid out as your long-term target. You mentioned in your commentary about maintaining the credit rating. How also should we think about the timing of driving that capital structure towards the targets you've laid out?
Thomas G. McFall: Well, it's probably -- as we've talked about before, it's probably a 2-year process to get to where our leverage is. It will also be dependent on what other opportunities there are within the industry to consolidate the industry. We want to maintain our flexibility to continue to consolidate the industry, and we want to make sure that we maintain our investment grade ratings, which are key to our vendor financing program.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Greg, during the last couple of years, you've talked about the rate of gross margin improvement beginning to slow. And that certainly made sense given margins improved about 700 bps during the past decade, and you're seeing this accelerating growth from commercial. But then last night, you put up the strongest gross margin gains since the second quarter of 2010. Do you think we're starting another leg of gross margin improvement for O'Reilly going forward? Or do you see this more as just kind of a onetime blip of different opportunities and we kind of go back to the same kind of flat performance we've had during the past year?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, what I would say, Dan, is that I don't think the next 10 years, from a rate perspective, will look like the past 10 years from a pure gain perspective. We are putting a lot of effort into trying to do things to enhance our gross margin both on the acquisition cost side, just kind of the science we put behind managing selling price, the timing that we work with, with regard to price increases from our suppliers due to raw materials. So we would expect the incremental gains just not nearly what we've had over the past 10 years, probably, but still solid gains, kind of closing the gap with some of our competitors who do a little better on gross margin than we do. So yes, I think we still have some room, but I don't think the next 10 years will, from a rate perspective, will look like the past 10 years.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. But probably better than you've had in the previous 4 quarters.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes, I think we'll continue to see incremental gains. I think the fourth quarter, the quarter we're in right now, I think a combination of mix promotions, lack of leverage on our or decreasing leverage on our distribution costs, which are included in our cost of goods, put pressure on fourth quarter. But we had good results in the third quarter, working on the things that we're working on from a pricing perspective and efficiencies and distributions. So we'll continue to work on those things, but I wouldn't expect what we did in the third quarter in the fourth quarter.
Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then just the other question, different topic. A lot of the industry data shows that, that down-the-street mechanic typically gives 65% of his business to this top commercial provider, the amount of business going to the #4 and 5 providers is relatively small. When you look at the commercial ramp that you're seeing on the West Coast, are you primarily, at this point, still just going from the #5 to the #4 provider? Or are you seeing any instances where you're becoming a top 2 provider for those kind of core down-the-street mechanics?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. Well, of course, that varies by market a lot because you have team members in various stores that are either team members that were good in the commercial business when we bought CSK. CSK had some programs that were working or they were -- there are recruits from competitors who were really good in the commercial business. And in those stores, we could be one of the top guys. In most stores, we would be somewhere in the middle. I would say second, third, fourth, something like that, in most of the stores out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Greg, I believe you noted the commercial side of the business performing a little bit better just due to macro issues than the do-it-yourself side of the business. And I guess what I want to ask is as you look out, and you noted unemployment and you noted gas prices and some of these other issues that continue to probably put some downward pressure on that segment, what are some of the things that you see yourself doing as a company to help offset and perhaps improve your competitiveness on the DIY side of the business over the longer term?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, there's a lot of things that we're working on right now to increase our market share on the DIY side. The things from product mix. We have -- historically, the breadth of our primary categories have been in products that have been preferred by the professional customers, and we're working to kind of mix those a little better, have products that fit both better as opposed to having one line that typically fits DIY and then a line that fits the professional customers better, creating a sell-up opportunity for the DIY. We're trying to provide more coverage in the price line products and, in some cases, mixing those so that we don't have 2 separate lines. Just from a promotion/advertising perspective, the services that we offer in our stores, from wiper installations and battery installations, to pulling the codes when someone comes in with their check engine light on, putting information on our point-of-sales systems that help with diagnostics when it comes to interpreting those codes and leading the customer down the right path, whether that be something that's simply wrong with their car that they can fix or informing them that their best bet is to go to a repair shop and have someone that really understands diagnostics to take a look at their car. We're just trying to become a better assistant when it comes to helping DIY customers that are challenged to try and fix their own cars, many times out of economic necessity, to figure out what their options are and help them get on the right track to fix their cars. So I think we have a lot of opportunity there. Clearly, from a high-level perspective, the DIY business is not growing as fast as the commercial business partly because of the complexity of cars, partly because the typical DIY customer just feels more the financial pressure due to the economy than the typical do-it-for-me customer. But we feel like we have market share that we can gain on the DIY side.
Ted F. Wise: And Tony, this is Ted. Another area we continue to work on, and I don't think you ever get to where you want to be for sure, is just the staffing model for every store, especially in the Hispanic markets and the high retail growth area. We've just got to stay real focused on being staffed for the clientele and having enough people at the right time. And with the wholesale/retail mix, it'd be -- presents a challenge for the store personnel to get the right blend of day people, night people, leadership on night and weekends, that can really drive the business and keep the service levels high. So it's a huge priority for us right now. And especially as we, out West, we're putting a lot of emphasis on growing the wholesale. We've got to make sure that we take stay focused on retail scheduling also, which we are.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So as a follow-up, if you looked back at 2009 into 2010 when the do-it-yourself same-store sales, I think, we're accelerating and very strong, and now, we face a macro that's not much unchanged from respect. And now, you've got maybe DIY trends that are up only modestly. Does it put more pressure, not only on you but your competitors, or maybe said another way, should we expect to see a more competitive environment on the do-it-yourself side of the business given the fact that it's not grown nearly as quickly as the commercial?
Thomas G. McFall: Tony, this is Tom. As somebody who's followed our industry for a long time, you've seen the cycles we've gone through, and the DIY side of the business is much more cyclical than the do-it-for-me, which tends to be a much more steady growth side of the business. So when we look at '09 and '10, the comps for the industry were very good and above that 5-year run rate, which tells you that the DIY business was doing very well during that period and we were going through a lot of financial changes and consumers were under pressure. The way we look at it is during that time period, the DIY customers, some DIFMs got pushed into DIY, but people became more focused on repairing their vehicles and maintain them on the road so that they wouldn't have to go out and buy new vehicles, and we see that pressure still out there. But when we look at this time of the year vis--vis last year, last year, there was a big step-up in the DIY business. And we continue to do well on the DIY business at those higher levels that were established in '09, '10.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Baker with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On CSK, so I think in the past, numbers you've given have been something along the lines of when you bought the chain that those stores did about $1.3 million average volume. You would put out goals of $1.8 million in volume by 2013, with most of that gain coming in commercial. First, correct me if I'm wrong on those, but my question is can you tell us where you are in that trajectory? And then I guess I'll ask a follow-up, would be, that $1.8 million, I think, didn't quite get you a 50-50 mix that you have in your O'Reilly stores. Is there any reason why those CSK stores shouldn't have a 50-50 mix?
Thomas G. McFall: Michael, this is Tom. I'll answer the first part of the question. Our goal is to get the stores to $1.8 million on average, and I think our comment was though that would be within 3 or 4 years of them being converted. Our goal for 2013 was to hit a 15% operating margin and we feel like we're well on the way to getting there based on this year's results. As far as how they're progressing, the stores continue to do well within, and probably slightly above, our level of expectation when we bought them. But we stopped giving individual market statistics as we feel it puts us behind some competitive pressure as our competitors are giving regional comps out. So we continue to make progress, and on the 50-50 mix, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes. The -- from a mix perspective, those stores ultimately will end up with a mix similar to what we've had in historic O'Reilly markets with the exception -- when you look at them as a group, we didn't locate those stores and many of them were located in areas under a purely retail model that are just not conducive to doing the amount of professional business that we would ultimately like to do. Frankly, for our business models, some of those stores would not have been set where they're at although there's a huge retail opportunity in those stores that we'll continue to capitalize on them. We may not move them. They may just be stores that we operate as good retail stores that just do a little bit of commercial or maybe very little commercial, but still be very profitable stores. So that is going to keep us from getting to -- if you looked at those stores as a group in 5 years or 6 years or whatever, getting to kind of a historic O'Reilly average. But as a group, I'd say they're going to get in the 60%, 40% range or something like that. But many of them will be 50-50.
Operator: The next question comes from Kate McShane with Citi Investment.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was wondering in regards to some of the newer DCs that you've built out with your extension and conversion to CSK stores, are there any future investments that you're going to need to make with some of the earlier-built DCs as a result to maybe some of the newer technology or newer efficiencies that you've seen out of your later DCs?
Gregory L. Henslee: There are some things that, over time, we'll do in some of our older DCs that are proved from a technology standpoint, to be good investments that increase productivity. For many that have been to our analyst days where we've toured distribution centers, we've toured a variety of distribution centers. The one that's here in Springfield, our original distribution center, uses not nearly the technology that our newest distribution centers would, yet it yields up a productivity rate that's very comparable just because of the tenure and the team members that we have working in the distribution center. They're very successful. We have other distribution centers that don't use all the new technology, that aren't quite as productive, and incrementally and ongoing, we evaluate the implementation of some of the newer technologies in these older DCs. And we have a strategy that we periodically implement these things. Tom can speak to the capital investment of that and the effect on our annual capital usage.
Thomas G. McFall: When we look at our older DCs, as Greg said, we continue to make investments where we get a good ROI. When we look at the total CapEx, we don't have any significant projects that would change our running levels of maintenance CapEx at our existing DCs. Two years ago, we moved the Kansas City DC to a new location, relocated it. When we look across our distribution network right now, we don't feel that we have any distribution centers that need to be relocated. At quite a few of the distribution centers, we have additional capacity to add square footage, and where that's warranted, we will do that. That's obviously a significantly lower cost than opening new DCs.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And if I could just follow-up with the 50 stores that you opened during the quarter. If you could comment at all about the rents that you are experiencing and if you've seen favorable rent changes from the 21 relocations that you've done?
Gregory L. Henslee: Ted, you will answer that?
Ted F. Wise: The last several years, really, the real estate market has been pretty ripe for expansion. Not that we've necessarily seen a lot of big decreases, but the property prices and lease rates have held flat, and in fact, some markets have gone down. For example, with all the Blockbusters and Hollywood Videos closing, there's a lot of good spaces available that fits our type of needs. And then again, just from a raw dirt, ground up, there's not been a lot of competition for expansion sites. So we've had a fairly successful last few years in growing our business at decent lease rates. And we've gone back, especially on the West Coast, and been pretty hard negotiators with our existing leases and held a lot of leases flat for the next period and actually had some reductions in some situations. So we have a whole group of people that works that area everyday as far as trying to lower occupancy cost for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If you could go back to some of the comments you made earlier on inflation and maybe talk about how the impact the inflation has had on your average ticket, has progressed through the year, understanding, of course, that inflation isn't the only factor driving that ticket.
Thomas G. McFall: Matt, this is Tom. It's somewhat hard for us to narrow down to what the inflation specific is. We've seen -- as we grow the do-it-for-me side of the business faster than do-it-yourself side of the business, we have to -- that carries the higher average ticket. And especially with the CSK stores, as we work up the call list and we become more of the first call supplier and you get bigger tickets, that's helped to drive our ticket, but it's not necessarily price-based. If we look at just our LIFO charge compared to total inventory, we would probably say it's somewhere around 1.5% to 2% helper thus far this year, which is, I think, higher than what we've seen over the last 3 or 4 years.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if you were to also think about the impact of inflation on margin, I'm not sure if LIFO negates that, but just as it shows up in the P&L in any given quarter, are you at the point right now where you're able to fully pass through the impact? And are you better able to do that now than you might have been earlier in the year with, for example, in the second quarter when the margin was under a bit more pressure?
Gregory L. Henslee: Well, when we look at price inflation, when prices go up quickly over a short period of time, it takes us some time to catch up with that. We saw that with diesel oil, which is a huge product in our industry, and saw sharp increases in April and May, and that's moderated. But in general, we're relatively successful at getting those passed through in a pretty short period of time. We would say, right now, that when we look at the third quarter, we didn't feel any compression from any specific items. We look at the price increases, during the quarter, helped that. The price increases were more at the beginning of the quarter and eased up as we got to the end of the quarter.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So probably diminished pressure from that dynamic this quarter versus prior quarters?
Gregory L. Henslee: Yes.
Operator: We have now reached our time allotted for questions.
Gregory L. Henslee: Okay. Well, I would just like to thank everyone for attending our third quarter call. We look forward to talking to you again after we complete our fourth quarter and publish our year-end results next February. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President Ted Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Alan Rifkin Greg Melich - ISI Group Inc. Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Latasha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly Automotive 2011 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Thomas McFall: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call, that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenue and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our increased debt levels, credit ratings on our public debt, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses including CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, for more details. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts Second Quarter Conference Call. Participating on the call with me this morning is of course, Tom McFall, our CFO; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer; and David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman is also present.  To start off, I'd like to again congratulate Team O'Reilly on the excellent performance. Our second quarter operating margin of 15% is a significant milestone and sets a new high watermark for our company. This performance, as always, is a direct result of the effort each one of us puts into abiding by our cultural values everyday, ensuring our customers receive the best customer service in our business, that we're all as productive as we can possibly be and that we manage our expenses with an eye toward making sure we create the best value in the automotive aftermarket for our loyal customers. Great job Team O'Reilly.  Now onto some details for our second quarter performance. As we discussed on our first quarter conference call, we projected second quarter comparable store sales in the range of 3% to 5%, and we ended the quarter in that range of 4.4%. We've been on a reasonably steady sales trend for some time now, generating first and second quarter comparable store sales on a 2-year staff basis at 12.5% and 12.3% respectively. With consideration to the variation and comparisons we have by market, we saw solid sales performance across most of the country. As has been the case for sometime now, the markets in which we've converted CSK stores continue to be our best comparable store sales contributors, as the seeds we've sown during the integration of CSK continue to bear fruit.  July 11 marked the third anniversary of the acquisition of CSK. And I'm very pleased to announce that the vast majority of the integration work is now behind us. Ted will review this in more detail in a moment, but generally speaking, we're now able to focus all our efforts in these markets towards growing market share by establishing ourselves as an incredibly capable business partner for the commercial customers in each market, as well as an outstanding resource and supplier for the DIY customers. We still got a long way to go to reach our potential in the CSK markets, but we are well down the road and in good position to incrementally gain market share on both the commercial and retail sides our business. To this point in July, the steady sales trend we've been on has continued, and with the extremely high temperatures we've seen the past few weeks across much of the country, we've seen very good seasonal demand. However, with fuel prices approximately 35% higher than they were this time last year, miles driven down 1 percentage point for the year through May and unemployment hovering around 9%, we're inclined to be somewhat conservative in our comparable store sales forecast for the third quarter, especially when considering that we're comparing to the 11.1% comp store sales gain we generated last year. With this in mind, we're forecasting comp store sales for the third quarter in the 2% to 4% range, which is the midpoint what put us around a 14% increase on a 2-year staff basis.  Gross margin for the quarter came in at 48.6% of sales, a 12 basis point decrease compared to last year. This decrease is primarily related to the timing of some advertised commodity items on which we received cost increases, along with the faster rate at which we're growing our commercial sales versus our DIY sales, which yields a slightly lower gross margin rate. This is primarily related to the CSK integration and the execution of our dual market strategy in those markets.  As I've mentioned before, we have several initiatives underway to enhance our gross margin over time. These include refinements to the way we price products both commercial and DIY, more direct sourcing of products coming from overseas, growth of some of our private label product offerings and continued distribution efficiencies. To this point, we've been pleased with our ability to maintain our gross margin rate as we execute our dual market strategy plan in the CSK conversion stores.  SG&A expenses for the quarter came in at 33.5% of sales, a 95 basis point improvement compared to last year. This is primarily the result of our ongoing focus on productivity and expense control. However, winding down the CSK integration was also a contributor. I'm extremely proud of the job our teams are doing, managing expenses. It's part of our culture, and I feel like we're doing as good a job as we've ever done focusing on spending money where it's necessary to provide better service to our customers and eliminating unnecessary expenses. Also, it's clear that the rollout of our commission-based compensation plan in the CSK stores has been a contributor. We're very focused on team member productivity, and our incentive programs align our store teams' interest in making our sales and productivity goals. That said, we're very pleased with the operational expense improvements we've seen in the converted stores, as well as our execution in the core O'Reilly stores.  The result was an all-time high quarterly operating margin of 15% of sales, an 83 basis point improvement compared to last year's adjusted operating margin. Our average inventory value for the quarter was up 5.2% over last year but generated a sales increase of 7.1%. As we've discussed before, we're working to dial in the converted store inventories and are gaining ground. Currently, our converted store inventories are higher on average than the core O'Reilly stores, and over the remainder of next year, we'll work to bring them much closer to the core O'Reilly store per average inventory. Our goal continues to be to incrementally over time return to our pre-CSK inventory turnover rate of approximately 1.7x as we dial in inventory levels and work to increase our per unit average volume in the converted stores.  With the majority of the conversion work behind us, we continue to focus on some strategic priorities that we feel would drive long-term value. These initiatives, for most part, are simply improvements that we want to make to our business we're now able to focus. I've mention some of these before, but I'll touch on them again. There are things like more detailed work with our vendors on a wide array of projects to ensure appropriate inventory coverage in our DCs and stores, best use of capital on deploying inventory, logistics cost management, improved demand forecasting, along with several other merchandise-related priorities. We're very pleased to see that our efforts to improve use of capital yielded a 10.6% improvement in our AP-to-inventory ratio taking it from 44.2% last June to 54.8% this year.  Another initiative is enhancing the content we have available in our point-of-sale systems. Having the best information easily available to our parts specialist is one of the keys to success in our business. We've been an industry leader in this area for a long time. However, we see more opportunity to not only improve the way we look up application parts, but to provide more information for our parts specialist in order to help them quickly help our customers solve their problems. This includes more information about problem diagnosis, product specifications and installation, along with other pieces of content detail we're working to add. We're also continuing our efforts to improve our e-commerce and, now, m-commerce capabilities. As I've mentioned before, we've done a good job on this for a long time with our professional customers. That [ph] we have continuing opportunity to improve not only those systems, but also the electronic interaction we have with our DIY customers, especially on mobile devices. We deployed some improvements and are working on several additional improvements as time goes along.  There's a long list of additional internal priorities, but I want to just mentioned a few of the things we continue to work on to improve our customer service, our profitability and our market penetration. We continue to see a lot of opportunity to grow our business through market share gains and through the continued growth of our store count. The opportunity that we saw 3 years ago, when we bought CSK, is now coming to fruition. And we expect solid sales results from these stores over the next several years, as we gain credibility with both the commercial and the DIY customers. Our industry continues to benefit from the average age of vehicles on the road reaching record highs. I continue to believe that many of our customers have learned that with proper maintenance, cars and light trucks can be driven at higher mileages than ever before due to the quality of the drivetrains and other key componentry. I don't believe the positive effect this aging of the vehicle population could have on our industry has yet been fully realized. With unemployment as high as it's been the last couple of years, there's no question that there's been a lot of maintenance deferred. We hear this not only from our commercial customers but see it on our stores, as DIY customers look for low-cost alternatives and weigh the risks of deferring repairs that can be deferred.  In closing, I just like to again say thanks to all the Team O'Reilly for their hard work and for the great service we provide our loyal customers. Our team has done an excellent job over the past 3 years incorporating what used to be CSK into Team O'Reilly. We have a bright future ahead of us as we continue to improve our customer service capabilities and we expand the O'Reilly culture in new markets.  I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted Wise: Good morning, everyone. Like Greg, I would like to start on saying thank you to over 49,000 O'Reilly Team members. Our team working together, whether it be in the corporate office, distribution centers or in store operations and sales teams, was responsible for producing our first ever 15% operating margin. Following the excellent comps from a year ago, we knew we had to focus on great customer service levels to grow our business. Under these challenging market conditions, we produced a very respectable same-store sales last quarter. We realized the company's sales and profits performance are the result of the commitment and hard work of our talented group of professional auto-parts people, and we sincerely appreciate everyone's contribution.  Before I give a brief update on the last stage of the CSK store conversions, I want to overview our new store growth during the second quarter. We installed 44 new stores, which on top of the 55 new stores in the first quarter, brings us to 99 new installations for the year. During the first part of the year, we closed 12 CSK nonperforming and overlapping stores that we had previously announced in our plans last year. For the year, we have grown a net 87 new stores, bringing us up to 3,657 stores operating in 39 states. Our third quarter installation schedule is shaping up nicely and looks to be in the range of an additional 60 new stores, well on track to finish the year on plan with 170 net new stores. The new store growth will spread out to 17 different states with North Carolina at 9 stores and Texas at 6 stores leading the pack.  Our real estate teams working closely with field operations continue to identify and find good expansion opportunities that can be added [ph] service within the current capacity of our network of 23 distribution centers. On the West Coast, we are very focused on expanding into new markets, but store relocations will be very critical to our overall growth as we work to relocate stores out at shopping centers and the more freestanding prototype buildings. West Coast real estate is challenging, but we are confident in overtime we can find good options in many markets that will improve our location and our occupancy cost.  Now for an update on the final stage of our store conversions out west. As outlined on our last call, we have implemented our O'Reilly dual market infrastructure and installed distribution centers, so that all stores are serviced on a nightly basis. We completed the changeover and update of all the hard parts inventory lines and all out-front planograms in the stores. We've installed all store computers and have our teams fully trained on the point-of-sale and store operational procedures. As Greg mentioned, the O'Reilly store incentive plans have been rolled out, and we've restructured and added the management required for our store operations and sales team to properly cover the current store count and future growth. We're in the final stage of completing the store interior resets and remodel, as well as the wrapping up the exterior store sign conversions to the O'Reilly Brand. During the past quarter, we completed another 108 store resets, leaving us approximately 50 stores to complete this quarter. We're also at the end of the sign conversions with around 100 stores pending release of permits, delivery of signs and scheduled to install as soon as possible.  While we still have some fine-tuning and miscellaneous projects to finish, the store interiors with O'Reilly planograms, layout and decor is a huge improvement in our retail image. Many of the CSK exterior signs were in very poor shape, and now our stores present a new bright, sharp exterior image with O'Reilly signage, and in many situations, new exterior paint jobs. We are ready for business as O'Reilly, as we discontinue the co-branding advertising and now convert over to using only O'Reilly advertising in market throughout all of our markets.  The development and growth of our West Coast stores and sales teams is progressing well as we continue to focus on several key areas. The store sales teams have become very efficient as they understand and implement the O'Reilly point-of-sale and other operational procedures. Now with the distraction of the store resets and the inventory work behind us, our teams are focused entirely on sales, product training and providing a higher-level customer service on the retail counter and to our First Call customers.  Second, we continue to expand our outside sales efforts to build solid relationships with our more professional customer. It takes repetition and time to build these relationships and earn the professional customers' business, and we are starting to see good progress made in this area. Our team member training is resulting in higher productivity at the store level. We've also improved our store productivity by better scheduling for the business using our scheduling tool, which provides higher service levels. The obvious result has been increased sales and better leverage of our store payroll. We have to be very careful in our staffing plans to ensure the stores continue to have the level of staffing that will provide the great customer service needed to compete for each individual market sales entitlement. Staffing for great service levels is a store-by-store, market-by-market valuation and is considered a top priority for our entire fields management team. We feel we have trained and developed a great leadership team in the West Coast stores, and also feel confident that we will continue to see the growth and success that mirrors our core O'Reilly store group.  I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now we'll cover our second quarter financial results and our guidance for the remainder of the year. For the quarter, comparable store sales increased 4.4%, which was within our 3% to 5% guidance for the quarter. Sales increased 7.1% to $1.48 billion. The sales increase of $98 million was comprised of $60 million increase in comp store sales; a $39 million increase in non-comp store sales; a $3 million increase in non-comp, non-store sales; and a $4 million decrease from closed stores.  For the quarter, ticket average drove our comparable store sales gain. The ticket average trends for the quarter were consistent with previous quarters driven by the continued shift in our product mix towards hard part categories, which typically carry a higher average ticket. During the quarter, comparable DIY ticket count came under pressure as consumers faced increased fuel cost, however, this pressure was offset by a continued strong growth in the DIFM comp ticket count. Year-to-date, our comparable store sales increased 5% on top of last year's 7.4% first half gain. Our third quarter comp guidance is 2% to 4% on top of the 11.1% comp for the third quarter of 2010, which was our highest comp quarter for that year.  Our full year sales guidance remains at $5.7 billion to $5.8 billion, and our 2011 comparable store sales guidance is also unchanged at 3% to 6%. While we do expect continued headwinds from fuel prices and a high level of unemployment, we expect sales trend relatively solid based on the continuing economic pressure that requires consumers to maintain their existing vehicles and on the solid growth potential we have in the acquired CSK markets.  Gross profit for the quarter was a 48.6% of sales and was down slightly from the prior year but within our expectations. Looking at the quarter, we definitely saw inflationary pressures with our LIFO reserve increasing $23 million. While we still feel confident in our long-term ability to pass along raw material price increases to our customers, the second quarter margin was compressed in part by price increases on highly promotional merchandise. The tight timing of the price increases and our seasonal promotional activities did not allow us to adjust advertised pricing. This compression, in addition to the ongoing pressure and gross margin percentage, caused by a higher mix of commercial business, resulted in a 12 basis points decrease in gross margin percentage for the quarter. We're maintaining our annual guidance of gross margin of 48.4% to 48.8% of sales versus 48.6% in 2010. While we do anticipate further inflationary pressures, we expect the pricing environment industry will remain rational, and inflationary pressures will be effectively passed on to the consumers.  SG&A results for the quarter were very strong at 33.5% of sales versus 34.5% in the prior year. The improvement was driven by improved leverage and store occupancy costs, improving store payroll efficiency and improved leverage on headquarter's expenses. These efficiencies were partially offset by increasing fuel cost related to store delivery vehicles, and we'd expect that headwind to continue throughout the year. Looking at average SG&A per store for the second quarter, we are able to keep the expense flat through tight expense control. Year-to-date, SG&A per store has increased less than 1%. And for the full year, we now expect to see an average per store SG&A increase below 1% as we leverage store activity cost in acquired CSK stores, leverage headquarter expenses and benefit from the reduced store project cost related to conversions and training in 2010.  Operating margin for the quarter was 15% of sales, representing an 83 basis point improvement over the prior year on an adjusted basis, as we were able to tightly control expenses. Based on an operating margin of 14.6% of sales for the first half of this year versus 13.7% in the prior year on an adjusted basis, we are updating our full year operating margin guidance to 14.2% to 14.6% of sales, as compared to an adjusted operating margin of 13.6% in 2010. As a reminder, our fourth quarter operating margin is typically the lowest operating quarter based on sales, volume and mix.  Diluted earnings per share for the second quarter was $0.96 per share, which represents an increase of 19% over an $0.81 per share adjusted diluted earnings per share in the prior year, which excludes the impact of the CSK DOJ settlement charge. Year-to-date adjusted EPS, which excludes the charges related to the company's new financing plan of 2011 and the aforementioned CSK DOJ settlement in 2010 was $1.78 per share versus $1.51 in the prior year, which is an 18% increase.  At the end of the second quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDAR was 1.6x, which is consistent with the beginning of the year but remains well below our long-term targeted leverage range of 2x to 2.25x. While we will incrementally increase our leverage over time, we remain very committed to maintaining our investment grade ratings.  Looking at our balance sheet at the end of June, 2 things stand out. First, we're sitting on an unusual amount of cash, which we'll discuss in a moment. And second, we're making significant progress towards improving our net inventory investment. Reducing our per store inventory as well as improving our vendor terms both represent great opportunities for us to improve our net inventory investment position. Year-to-date, we've opened 87 new stores with an increase of inventory of only $12 million. On a per store basis, inventory at the end of the quarter was $557,000 versus $567,000 per store at the end of 2010. We expect to see continued reduction in our per store inventory within the next few years, as we continue to work hard to refine the next adaptive [ph] inventories to converted CSK stores into DCs. For the year, we continue to believe we can add 170 new stores with only a small increase in gross inventory.  At the end of the quarter, our AP to inventory ratio was 54.8%, which was a tremendous improvement over the second quarter of the prior year in December of 2010, which were 44.2% and 44.3% respectively. A portion of the improvement is a result of some timing issues related to product changeovers. However, the biggest improvement is the result of permanent improvements and payable terms, which we have been able to negotiate with vendors as a result of our improved vendor financing program. We've been able to enhance our program to reduce supply-chain cost based on our new unsecured debt structure. We expect to continue to increase our AP to inventory ratio over time.  Cash flow from operations improved $206 million over last year, which represents a 58% increase. This strong improvement was driven by increased adjusted net income and the improvement in net inventory investment. Looking at capital expenditures for this first 6 months, our spend of $151 million was $32 million less than last year. This decrease relates to the 2010 CapEx and new DCs to support the CSK conversions. For the full year, we're reducing our forecast from between $310 million and $340 million, down to $290 million to $320 million based in part on timing and in part on below planned expenditures. The strong improvement, our cash from operations coupled with CapEx spend below last year, drove a significant improvement on our free cash flow. The first 6 months free cash flow of $411 million was a $237 million improvement over the prior year. For the full year, expected free cash flow guidance were increasing our estimate from $360 million to $400 million, up to $425 million to $475 million. We've increased our guidance based on expected lower net inventory investment at the end of the year, lower CapEx and lower-than-planned cash taxes based on changes to the tax law.  During the quarter, we continued to aggressively repurchase shares. Prior to June 4, when we entered our restricted trading window, we executed a 10b5-1 plan, which allowed us to continue to repurchase shares during the closed window. At that time, our stock have been trading in a relatively tight range between $58 to $60, and we developed our 10b5-1 plan with that range in mind. During the closed window, our share price saw a significant appreciation, and as a result, we have not repurchased as many shares to date as we had anticipated. The result of this lower-than-expected level of repurchase was the quarter end cash balance of $269 million. Our 10b5-1 plan remains in effect until our trading window reopens on August 2. And when it does, we anticipate continuing to execute our repurchase program.  Our guidance for both the third quarter, full year, takes into account the shares repurchased through yesterday but does not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases. For the third quarter, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $0.98 to $1.02 per share. For the full year, our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance, which excludes the nonrecurring charge related to refinancing plan mentioned previously is $3.53 to $3.63 per share. The second quarter represents another solid operating performance on many fronts, and we remain confident in our ability to execute our plan through the remainder of the year.  At this time, I'd like to ask Latasha, the operator, to come back, and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Latasha?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Alan Rifkin from Barclays.
Alan Rifkin: Greg, if we go back and look at the stores supported by, let's say, either Stockton or Phoenix, which were converted later in the process and compare them to, let's say, the upper Midwest or Western Texas or even Seattle, which were converted earlier in the process, can you may be just shed a little bit of color on the difference in the operating performance of those 2 groups of stores?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, I can to some degree, Alan. The stores that -- of the converted stores, the ones that took off the quickest and performed the best out of the gate have been the stores that we converted in the upper Midwest and Texas. That's partly due to the fact that the O'Reilly Brand was recognized there. We had Team Members that existed in markets close that we were able to use for training, and in some cases, move them into some of those stores to help teach our strategy. And we had the distribution capability to those stores that allowed us to very quickly, execute the dual market strategy that we execute. And then, of course, with the Seattle stores and the other markets that we've converted, we've had similar results but not -- they didn't come on quite as quick, mainly because of just the fact that there's a training curve, and that the team members had to get over that training curve before they're really capable of executing our business model. If you compare those to Stockton and Phoenix, those 2 markets probably hadn't done as good as the 2 that you mentioned, the upper Midwest Texas and the Seattle, putting the upper Midwest and Texas into 1 group and Seattle in another. Those 2 would follow a little bit behind those. Some of the other markets like Southern California, for instance, which is a very good market supply that of Moreno Valley, they've done incredibly well and they would be more comparable to what we saw in the upper Midwest and Seattle. So on balance, they all tend to kind of migrate towards the same spot and the same rate of comp or at least a similar rate of comp, but the time it takes to get there is varied some depending on probably people more than anything.
Ted Wise: I might add there, the first stores we converted over all in 1 big project, and we had the line conversions, the out-front converted, everything was -- it was shortened, a lot of pain for a little amount of time. These other markets, we've have these store remodel, reset been going on all through this transition too. So that combined with the computer conversions and the learning curve, it's kind of made a little difference in their speed on picking up our whole strategy and implementing it.
Thomas McFall: Alan, this is Tom. In general, what we've seen is the longer the stores have been converted, the better they perform as we've got all those training issues as we've had time to start developing commercial relationships and bolstering our [ph] business. So the stores that have been converted the longest continue to perform the best, but we see a similar trajectory given the time and effort conversion between the different conversion classes.
Alan Rifkin: Okay. So stores converted the longest are performing the best. Okay. And if I could just follow up with a question, if you don't mind. Greg, with a significant increase in free cash flow together with you guys pretty aggressively buying back stocks, since you first announced the program at the beginning of the year. Can we expect, going forward, a greater emphasis on share buybacks and possibly even a dividend implementation in the future?
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think what I would say is that our first priority with use of free cash flow is to grow our company and be opportunistic when it comes to expansion. And that's been the case for a long time, and it's clearly the best return to our investors. To the extent that we have excess cash that we can't use to grow, our first priority will be share buybacks. And I would expect that in the future, as we use up the authorized capability that we have that we'll be looking to expand our share buyback authorization. Today, we have no plans to implement a dividend program, but that could change in the future. Our board has not yet seriously considered approving that in light of the fact that we have the expansion opportunities that we have and the fact that we've implemented the share buyback program we have, but that could happen in the future, but we have no current plans to pay a dividend right now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kate McShane from Citi Investment.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc: I just wondered if you could get a little bit more specific on which categories you're seeing the most inflationary pressure? What gives you the confidence that prices will be able to pass through in the back half of the year when there seems to have been a little bit more promotional activity during the quarter?
Gregory Henslee: Well, the primary product that we see the most inflationary pressure on is lubricants. With oil prices going up, motor oil, transmission fluids, all the lubricants that are used in automobiles are increasing. Those are highly promotional products, especially during the peak of our selling season, the summertime, we're working to try and drive traffic into our stores. So that's where we're seeing the majority of it, although that does carry over into some other products that we're -- oils and various products like that are used in the manufacturing process or used in transportation. So we've seen some inflationary pressure in other products including friction materials where heavy resins are used and things like that. We feel confident in our ability to pass these increases along to the consumer, although what Tom and I mentioned in our prepared comments is that some of the promotional activity that we plan sometimes 8 weeks out or really even further than that, within 6 to 8 weeks out, we're pretty well locked-in to the promotional activity that we would have planned for a specific period. Because costs have escalated as fast as they have, we've had a little bit of problem keeping our costs and parity with those promotional plans. And for that reason, we had some drag in gross margin during the quarter related to some of the promotional, mainly, motor oil-type products.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser from UBS.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank: Tom, can you expand on your comments about most of the comp increasing driven by a rise in average ticket. Does that suggest any transaction gains that you're seeing from the commercial business are more than being offset by softness in transactions of the DIY side?
Gregory Henslee: Well, what we would say about that is that when we look at our average ticket going up, it's also a mix shift as we have a higher percentage of do-it-for-me business as a mix with the total and that relates to the CSK conversion stores. When we look at the DIY side of the business, we continue to sell more and more hard parts. But to answer your question directly, we were pretty neutral on ticket in total with pressure on the DIY side, so that below 0 number and above 0 number on the do-it-for-me side of the business.
Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank: As trends have improved a little bit in July, because that's presenting a more difficult comparison, so it sounds like gains a little bit and gotten a little better as the experiences become come difficult, is that because the commercial business has gotten better or the DIY business has gotten better with the weather?
Gregory Henslee: We've seen improvements in the trends on both sides of the business here in July.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers from JP Morgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Recognizing that you don't disclose the comp delta or the different comp by CSK versus core O'Reilly, can you perhaps talk about how the comps have ebb and flow over the past 1.5 years? Do you see a relative acceleration similar in CSK and O'Reilly as you went to the back half of last year? And then, as you reach these tougher comparisons, are they both similarly decelerating on the comp side at a similar pace?
Thomas McFall: This is Tom, Chris. When we look at the -- it's kind of a tale of 2 things, core O'Reilly ran pretty consistent on do-it-for-me, do-it-yourself last year. And then of course, on to the CSK side, we put a lot of effort into growing the do-it-for-me business. And there's a lot more opportunities, so that comp has run a lot faster. As the stores have been converted longer, they comp better and better. So we're kind of at the point where all of them have quite a bit of time that they've been up there from a training perspective, from the penetrating the do-it-for-me side of the business. And they're definitely leading the comps for the company.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So basically, actually, so that -- is it fair to say then, yes, core O'Reilly has seen this, the accel, decel, but CSK has actually had decelerated -- didn't decelerate at the same pace because as they age they improved, is that what you're saying?
Thomas McFall: Yes. Our expectation, when we look at the beginning of the year of 2011 was that core O'Reilly was going to have a tough comparisons especially in the third and fourth quarter. And so did CSK but our expectation was that we were going to see an acceleration on a 2-year stack basis as the stores have been converted longer and they have better penetration to the do-it-for-me business as they became more familiar with our business model. And we continue to expect that.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Greg, I know the comparison went up 200 basis points 2Q to 3Q '10. But was there -- I mean, was that more back half weighted to the quarter? Maybe some insight on how the month placed, stacked up in the third quarter of last year?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, it is. The third quarter that we're in right now, our performance -- when we're comparing to our performance last year was better in the back half of the quarter than it was in the front half of the quarter. All 3 periods -- we look at monthly, of course, all 3 periods were strong periods, but July is our easiest compare.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then one final question, just sneaking in here, on the expense side, very impressive in the second quarter in winding down some of those expenses. As you look at the comparisons for the back half, it looks like SG&A per store, you did like -- I have about 1.8% in 2Q '10 and it go up to 6-ish, so is it fair to think that since those expenses are winding down, that you should see an equivalent -- why wouldn't you see an equivalent drop in SG&A per store into the back half?
Gregory Henslee: Well, two things, we have a lot of new stores. We continue to open with a higher store count this year and new stores, obviously, are not as efficient. The second item will be, Ted talked about it, staffing is a very delicate item. We need to make sure that especially -- really, in all of our stores that we're appropriately staffed for the business and have hours to go out and build the business.
Ted Wise: Yes, especially in CSK. The low hanging fruit this year came off pretty quick as our sales did well. And we got all the projects behind us, and we're able to better focus on staffing and using our scheduling program. Today, we want to make sure that to feed the sales that we make sure the CSK stores have the right amount of help. And we think we have opportunity there, but not as much as maybe we had this year. Well want to leverage our payroll with better comps and not try to over cut the payroll before its time, reduce the payroll.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gregory Melich from ISI.
Greg Melich - ISI Group Inc.: A question on the SG&A, the leverage performance, which is impressive, I'm just curious how much of it had to do with -- you mentioned a change in the commission structure in CSK and sort of where are we in that process? Are we in a more of an O'Reilly-type pay system?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, there would have been no -- the positive effect I referred to is the result of the commission structure. It's more just getting everyone focused on accomplishing sales goals and measuring productivity, making sure that a part specialist who's well compensated is generating the amount of sales that would justify that compensation, just having measurements in the store and having some competitiveness in the store to create the environment that we want to create in each store. If there's a positive SG&A effect because of that, it would be a result of just better sales productivity because we -- there would not have been a pure salary or pay decrease as a result of the commission structure. We simply -- incentives is put in place to reward those that are highly productive, and reward those that are not as highly productive less.
Greg Melich - ISI Group Inc.: And then on the gross margin side, you mentioned the LIFO reserve. Is this fair to say given the timing of promotions and that, that LIFO is behind you and the easier compares that's why we expect gross margin to get better in the back half? Or is there something else we should be watching given you're trying to take down inventory, et cetera, that could hurt the margin?
Gregory Henslee: When we look at the gross margin from last year, the second quarter was our best gross margin percentage. If we look at where we are year-to-date, we're comfortably within our guidance range and very similar to where we were last year at this time.
Greg Melich - ISI Group Inc.: That's what you're reflecting in the guidance. So this feels like the biggest pain that you have from where you sit today?
Ted Wise: I don't know that it's -- we talked about it in the past that we will continue to have gross margin pressure as we increase the mix of do-it-for-me business, which carries a 400 basis points lower gross margin percentage. But we also did feel like we have a lot of initiatives out there and opportunities to grow it, to offset that pressure. For this quarter, we just happened to get caught in a position where we had a lot of items coming up on add, prices hit us before those promotions occurred, and as Greg said, locked-in. So we don't look at as a permanent challenge to gross margin above the normal retail issue of always trying to maintain a good solid gross margin.
Gregory Henslee: And then, Greg, something else I might add is that there are some other things, and it's just mitigating factors with regard to things we can do to grow gross margin as we bring in a higher mix of do-it-for-me business. Some of those things we've -- we're in the process of implementing. Others, we're in the process of exploring. Our company is one that has typically used brokers and distributors here in the U.S. to bring in products from overseas. Over the past year, 2 years and more aggressively in the past several months, we've made the decision to pursue some of those products more direct from some of the overseas manufacturers. Those things will create positive effect on our gross margin over time. And there's just been some other things that we can do relative to revenue management on a by-customer basis where we can just apply more science to the way that we manage gross margin by commercial customer and just being more in tune with what our competitors are doing on the retail side and making sure that we're doing everything we can to optimize our margin on the retail side. So we have some factors that should play positive for our gross margin in the quarters to come that have not yet been fully implemented.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Two questions on the numbers. First on LIFO, you gave us the LIFO charge. I know it's not always perfectly straightforward how LIFO flows through gross margin. So can you talk about the impact that the LIFO number had on your gross margin rate year-on-year?
Thomas McFall: Based on our LIFO index, the change is between 5% and 10% of the gross change rolls through gross margin, as an add [ph] pressure in this particular case.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So it's a couple of million bucks?
Thomas McFall: That's fair to say.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, so pretty insignificant. And is there kind of a tale to that? Or is this all we're going to see in terms of the impact it has on your reported gross?
Thomas McFall: That would be the only -- because we have price increase in the second quarter, it won't impact -- and had a LIFO charge in the second quarter, it won't impact our third quarter to the extent we don't have additional price increases.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then the second question, just a bit more on payables to inventory, I think on the first quarter call, you indicated that the improvement would be somewhat back-end loaded. It sounds like even with some one-offs and some timing issues the underlying rate of improvement is pretty good. So how should we think about the payables ratio progressing now versus typical seasonality? Will you give a little more back or is it a pretty good base to build off of here?
Gregory Henslee: Well, we experienced a quicker ramp than we thought because we were able to get vendors to sign up not just for their payables going forward but for all their payables outstanding, and that's what's jump-started the program and got us results faster. And we continue to have tailwind to add more vendors and have those vendors that didn't convert their whole balance to fill up their buckets, so to speak. But we also faced, at this point in the year, were at our highest inventory churns, so we have our best AP to inventory ratio from a seasonality standpoint, as you spoke. We have a lot of work to do between now and the end of the year. We expect to be somewhere in the range we are now with those 2 being offsetting forces.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And I ask in part because when you look at the free cash flow guidance relative to the earnings guidance, it seems like you might be implying some give back of the progress that you've made. And that if you would actually hold current levels towards yearend, free cash flow could be substantially higher. Is that a fair statement?
Gregory Henslee: It will depend on a number of factors. Typically, for us, the third quarter is a positive free cash flow quarter and the fourth quarter is a negative free cash quarter. Based on sales volumes, reductions of AP to inventory ratios that are seasonally driven and then cash taxes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Colin McGranahan from Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: First question on expenses, not thinking about leverage, but thinking about actual dollars and looking out on a per foot basis [indiscernible] like about 0.7% per foot, that there is an actual reduction of SG&A dollars on a per foot basis. How much of that was CSK, kind of, reduced integration labor and costs? How much of it was productivity, labor productivity specifically, and cost the store base? And was there anything unusual or that wouldn't be persistent in terms of cost falling, not just leveraging?
Thomas McFall: Well, we had a number of conversions in the second quarter of last year with Denver and Salt Lake City converting and had a lot of activity. From being negative standpoint, I would say, that is what's generating that negative. We also continue to look for ways to reduce our expenses. Looking at the model at CSK, when we look at the negative, it's mostly coming out of CSK because we really feel like, and what we've seen historically, we run tight expenses at the core O'Reilly stores. But we've also have a lot of traction with reducing rent in the current environment. So those are kind of the 2 drivers that allowed us to become negative from a square foot standpoint.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So, Tom, no plans to bunk 3 [ph] instead of 2?
Thomas McFall: Don't give anybody around here any ideas.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Second quick follow-up, just again by our math, it looks like there was maybe around 2 percentage points of benefit or just under that from growth of CSK, if we kind of assume some leftover time? Is that reasonable and if so the core that was kind of running out of 2.5 comp base?
Thomas McFall: Those are, in general, the numbers. The core stores, the new stores have 2/3 of the business, so that might be a little bit light.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello from BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Question on CSK, I wonder if you could update us sort of on what the mix is today on the DIY versus the commercial, just so we can kind of get an idea of the initiatives, the replenishment and sort of gauge the success that you have had there growing that commercial side of the business?
Gregory Henslee: They've grown to where they about a 70-30 mix, right -- that will be real close.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And with the demographics and with the locations of the stores, is there still to believe that you can get that number closer to the 50-50 over some things you've seen operationally and competitively that may have changed that thought or perhaps the ramp time to get there?
Gregory Henslee: No, we still think we can get close to that. We continue to believe that there's a portion of the stores. I would say just to use a round number, somewhere around 100 stores that would be in areas of markets that would not be as conducive to serving the commercial customers. What we would ideally like and that will cause -- if we look at historical CSK as a whole, that will cause us to probably not get completely to the mix rate that we were at with core O'Reilly, but we'll get close. And again, our target is not necessarily to get to that 50-50 rate, our goal is to have as much in penetration both on the DIY side and the do-it-for-me side as we possibly can. And in core O'Reilly, that has historically led us to about a 50-50 mix. And I would suspect that CSK stores over time will get to approximately that mix.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. It's sort of the replenishment capability now that is really what was needed to sort of start to get you to that next level at least?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, it's the replenishment capability, it's having the systems, the pricing abilities, the teams in place that have the -- that can develop the relationships with the shops. It's having all the equipment that the shops need to run their shops and being able to partner with the supplier that cannot only supply their parts, but supply the products to keep the shop running, it's having the electronic connections with the shops. It's a long list of things that we now have in place that have those stores in a good position to become more of a dominant supplier on the commercial side of the business.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jake Fowles from Focus Researchers.
Unknown Analyst - : You've had very good expense control, with 3.8% more average stores, only being up 4.2% SG&A. I was wondering if you could tell us what particular productivity enhancements you're implementing? And to what degree that can continue longer term, let's say, through 2012? And in 2012, what kind of a total sales gain do you need to have continued SG&A leverage?
Gregory Henslee: Tom and Ted may have something to add to this, I think the -- and this is a very general statement, but I think you'll understand it well, Jack, is that if we look just at the CSK stores, because I felt like we've had good productivity controls in core O'Reilly for forever. But at CSK, I don't think they did a very good job without us in managing their productivity by team member. They didn't align the productivity of team members in the stores, for instance, with what that team member was making from a competition standpoint. Part of our management structure is to make sure that our district managers and our regional managers do that ongoing. And what this does is not necessarily from a pay standpoint, but from a sales productivity standpoint, it creates kind of a competitive environment in the stores, so that everyone's seeing how much each team member is selling, and those team members want to do better and want to sell more. And then in addition, we create an economic incentive for them to want to sell more. Now, we pay them a commission for selling more. And then to offset the factor that you can have where we've got a change of planogram or we're changing over a product line, and you have team members that might say well, I don't want to do that kind of work because I'd rather be selling products to compete better, we have kind of a team commission plan, so that the team members that are doing that kind of work also participate in the commission program by being part of the team that's overall more productive. So I think that's been the biggest change that we've implemented with CSK that's improved the productivity.
Ted Wise: I might add, a lot of CSK stores were medium volume or maybe even small volume. They had great volume stores, but when you're more retail, you have to have x number of people to keep the store open 7 days a week -- the hours wherever they may be. As we've added the wholesale business, we didn't add that to the business mix without adding as much salary as maybe we would have if we didn't have that retail base with the x number of people in the store from what has been kind of incremental to the store staffing to a certain degree sometimes, and that's helped us leverage the payroll there.
Thomas McFall: Jake, to answer the other part of your question, this is Tom. Obviously, we're growing sales without growing SG&A thus far this year and it relates to the item that Ted and Greg just talked on of getting team members that are productive and abiding to our culture and focus them what we want them to be focused on. The other part is we spend a lot of money on training and conversion projects last year both at the CSK stores. And then when you look at core O'Reilly, all the store managers that went out and spent a week or 2 training and many of them did multiple tours of that. So that has helped this year, and that's driving that. When you look at next year, we would expect to continue to be slightly below our historical leverage point as we continue to have good productivity gains in the acquired stores based on building staffs to understand the compensation structure and motivated by compensation structure, actually get paid more but grow the sales faster.
Unknown Analyst - : So you're saying that you expect continued SG&A positive leverage next year?
Thomas McFall: Somewhat, not to the extent of next year.
Operator: We have reached the time allotted for questioning. Back to you, Greg, for any closing remarks.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I just like to thank everyone for their time this morning. We'll be working hard in the third quarter to generate solid results, and we'll look forward to reporting those results to you in October. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President Ted Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tamika, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly Automotive 2011 First Quarter Earnings Release Conference. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. McFall, you may begin your conference, sir.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Tamika. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call, if they are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our increased debt levels, credit ratings on our public debt, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses including the acquisition of CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, for more details.  At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly Auto Parts first quarter analyst call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present.  First, I'd like to again start by congratulating all of Team O'Reilly on the outstanding results in the first quarter. Our performance across most markets bounced back nicely after a bit of a slow start in January, and I want to say thanks to all of our dedicated team members for their continued commitment, focus and most importantly, for the incredible customer service we offer our loyal customers every day.  Generally speaking, we're very pleased with the performance of our company in the first quarter. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter conference call, January started off a little slow for us related to some major winter weather events in some of our markets. The sales for the quarter progressed nicely in February and March, and we were able to exceed our first quarter comparable store sales increased forecast of 3% to 5%, generating a 5.7% increase in comparable store sales.  We saw solid sales increases across most areas of the country, both core O'Reilly and converted CSK markets. The CSK converted stores continue to be some of our best performing markets when looking at comparable store sales, with stores that have been converted the longest performing the best. We're now well down the road with the CSK conversion process, having completed our Western distribution capability expansion and conversion of computer systems, inventory changeovers and are nearing the completion of our store resets and signage changes. By midyear, we'll be completed for the most part, and we'll retire the Checker, Kragen and Schuck's brands, as we have already done with the Murray's brand, and we'll focus all our advertising and marketing efforts on building the O'Reilly Brand.  July 11 for this year marks our third anniversary of the CSK acquisition, and I want to commend Team O'Reilly on the incredible job we've done managing the integration. It's been a huge effort on many fronts: distribution center openings, conversions and relocations, inventory conversions, computer system conversions, training, more training, store resets, signage, you name it. Most members of Team O'Reilly have had a hand in some part of the integration effort, and I think we're all very pleased with the results to this point. Our company is now in a position to expand even more opportunistically coast-to-coast, and we're currently looking at expansion opportunities in many markets as we work to open 170 new stores this year and plan next year's growth.  In addition to generating comparable store sales of 5.7% on top of the 6.9% increase we had last year, our first quarter performance was encouraging on many fronts. First, we're pleased with our gross margin performance improvement to 48.4% of sales. This is a 13-basis-point improvement over the same period last year and is reflective of the extensive efforts we're putting in to managing our gross margin as we aggressively expand our sales to professional customers in the converted stores. I think it goes without saying that the comparable store sales growth on the professional side of our business is outpacing our DIY growth in the conversion markets. This business generally generates a 400- to 500-basis-point lower gross margin rate compared to the DIY side, and we're working very hard to mitigate the effect this growth could have on our company-wide gross profit percentage by doing more analysis to drive our market-specific price variations, more competitor shops and, very generally, using more science and software capabilities in sales analysis, margin analysis and price setting. These efforts are yielding solid results and should benefit our company over time as we continue to enhance our pricing and margin management systems.  Providing industry-leading distribution capabilities, while our DC teams practice strict expense control was another key contributor to our gross margin performance for the quarter. We're also very pleased with our operating expense results that we were able to generate in the first quarter. SG&A as a percent of sales came in at 34.2%, a 91-basis-point improvement compared to last year. Actively managing our SG&A to deliver these outstanding results comes on many fronts, including the completion of much of the CSK store computer conversion activity, better focus on individual sales productivity in our converted stores, solid scheduling and payroll management and just relentless management of all our operating expenses, the result of our consolidated efforts, generating an all-time high first quarter operating margin of 14.2%, a 105-basis-point improvement over last year.  At the same time, we're making headway with our efforts to dial in our converted store inventory coverage in reduced excess investment. Directly following the acquisition of CSK, we were very aggressive in deploying inventory and assuring the acquired stores had access to the products they needed to turn around the negative comparable store sales trend they were on. Now that we have our supply chain strategy fully implemented, we're tailoring our inventories in the acquired stores to execute our door market strategy with the same effectiveness we do in the core O'Reilly markets. With many of the acquired stores now having access on a same day basis to distribution center or hub store inventories and all stores having at least overnight access to distribution center inventory coverage, we're strategically decreasing our inventory in many of the converted stores. These efforts yielded a $22 million reduction in our inventory during the first quarter while, at the same time, we opened 43 net new stores.  Our efforts to reduce excess inventory are now well underway, and should continue to yield solid results during the remainder of the year. Our goal is to incrementally, over time, return to our pre-CSK inventory turnover rate of approximately 1.7x as we dial in inventory levels and work to increase our per unit volume of the converted stores.  As I mentioned when we reported our fourth quarter results, now that much of the conversion activity is completed, we're back to focusing on strategic priorities that will drive long-term value. I will review each of these priorities, but just want to mention a couple of the opportunities we see to improve the operation of our business, things like more detailed work with our vendors on a wide array of projects to assure appropriate future inventory coverage, best use of capital in deploying inventory, logistics cost management, improved demand forecasting, along with several other priorities. We're very pleased to see that our efforts to improve use of capital yielded a 7% improvement in our AP to inventory ratio, taking it from 41.8% of inventory last year to 48.8% this year.  Other priorities include fully implementing improvements we've seen we've made in our ability to optimize our gross margin on display area merchandise; also, more product content in auto repair information in our point-of-sale systems in addition to other enhancements we're making to our point-of-sale systems to improve the level of customer service we offer our customers: also, continued e-commerce improvements and further penetration, both on our retail website and professional customer systems. We feel we've done a good job for a long time with our professional customers in this regard. They are continually looking to make enhancements.  On our retail website, we see continued opportunity to help improve our retail customer relationships with use of mobile devices and other improvements to help our retail customers leverage our technology to maintain and repair their vehicles, and we currently have a lot of work underway in this area. There's a long list of additional internal priorities. I just wanted to convey just a few of these things that we're currently working on to improve our operations, profitability and market penetration.  Clearly, we have a lot of opportunity to grow our business through market share gains with incremental improvements we can make across our company, along with the opportunity we're taking advantage of in the CSK conversion stores to fully execute our dual market strategy. That effort is fully engaged and underway, and we continue to see good results and would expect those stores to continue to generate better than the industry average comparable store sales for some time to come.  Our industry has had benefit of a significant tailwind for quite some time now. Average age of vehicles on the road reaching record highs, along with miles driven increases, have been the primary drivers. In 2010, there was right about 3 trillion miles driven in the U.S. Through the end of February, miles driven for the year were up 60 basis points over last year, with average fuel prices in the U.S. at $3.34 per gallon, up 27% from the same time last year. Since the end of February, fuel prices have increased another 14% to $3.82 per gallon on average. So there's no question that our customers' pocketbooks are being squeezed. It's hard to know how this will play out over the summer, but one would assume that miles driven increases will most likely soften and new car sales will also soften as discretionary spending decreases.  Fortunately, most of our sales are not discretionary, and with the average age of cars and light trucks on the road in the U.S. well over 10 years and increasing, coupled with our opportunity to gain market share in many markets even with the tough compares we had from last year, we feel confident in our ability to generate solid comparable store sales growth this year. With all of that in mind, including our comparison to the 7.9% comp generated in the second quarter of last year, our comparable store sales guidance for the second quarter is unchanged from the first quarter at 3% to 5%. We're currently on a trend that would put us in that range for the quarter.  In closing, I'd just like to, again, say thanks to all of Team O'Reilly for all their hard work and commitment to our culture values and industry-leading customer service. I know we're all very excited about what the future will bring, as we continue to expand the O'Reilly Brand across the country, fully execute our dual market strategy in the conversion markets and work to gain market share using the enhancements we're making to our customer service capabilities.  I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted Wise: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. I have to admit that it feels strange to not be announcing another opening of the new DC or computer conversions at several hundred stores during this past quarter. In the past two and a half years, we accomplished many significant projects involving the installation of our new distribution network throughout the West Coast, converting all product lines, upgrading store inventory levels and changing the stores to our new computer system. We are now almost finished with the final phase of our store reset programs in completing another 243 stores this past quarter and having the last 200 scheduled for this quarter. This will complete the interior remodels and have all the stores changed over to the O'Reilly planograms in the interior package. We currently have approximately 1,000 stores exterior signs converted over to the O'Reilly Brand and the final group scheduled to be completed by midyear.  With the exception of this last group of store resets and sign changes left to do this quarter, we now have all aspects of the physical conversion to the O'Reilly dual market sales model in play. This has required a tremendous amount of planning and coordination throughout all the various departments as well as a heavy workload in the stores and distribution center, and we truly appreciate the hard work and commitment on the part of everyone involved.  At the store level, our West Coast sales teams are quickly moving from a conversion task mode into an execution sales mode. As our store team members gain more experience in time with the O'Reilly system, our service levels improve and our store productivity increases. Without question, the past 2.5 years have been very challenging and often difficult for our store teams with all the inventory tasks, store resets and the new computer and operating procedures that had to be adopted. We are proud of their commitment and support of all these changes that had to take place. But most importantly, even with all of this past activity going on, we still focused on customer service and using the new sales tools to turn the previous negative sales trends into profitable sales growth.  Now that we are finishing up with the transition work, it's pretty exciting to experience the growth and realize the opportunity ahead of us now that we can be 100% focused on growing the business and executing the O'Reilly business model. We now have the inventory levels, the distribution support and the market competitive pricing, supported by our First Call program to build the professional sales and a great retail advertising and marketing program to build the O'Reilly Brand.  At the store level, team member training and store productivity continues to be a key area of focus. Building our store teams and having the professional parts experience and leadership at the store level to provide a great and consistent service level is our management's highest priority. We are finalizing the transition in the field to our O'Reilly sales and profit incentive program for store managers and territory sales team. Now our team incentive are all store team members. This incentive program plays an important role in motivating and rewarding our Team Members for going the extra step and providing great customer service and improving store productivity.  Another important part of our management development program for our store managers and territory sales managers, as well as our district managers, is to bring them into the corporate setting for a development training for a week, which gets them exposed to all the various departments. This has proven to be an effective part of their orientation to our O'Reilly Culture as well as a comprehensive understanding of our business model and how to effectively execute it as a manager.  The store sales and promotion activities on the West Coast are progressing well. On the retail side, our advertising is moving to an O'Reilly-only brand versus the co-brand, as our exterior signs are changed to O'Reilly. We have also increased our amount of radio advertising as we move to the level of print that the O'Reilly flyer program has always been on in the core stores. And we are using both radio and print to improve our image of competitive prices and great hard parts inventory coverage. As the stores are being reset and the interior remodels finished, the customers are experiencing new improved store image and appearance as they shop our stores. And most importantly, our team is much more comfortable and trained on the new computer system, and we are focused on improving our scheduling coverage on nights and weekends to ensure that we have the appropriate service levels in our busy retail hours.  Our First Call sales teams continue to build solid relationships and work hard to earn the professional customers' business in our Western stores. We know that with time and the opportunity, we have the tools and programs should be a great supplier and business partner, and we are confident that our professional sales will continue to grow as our stores' teams mature and we improve the parts knowledge on our first call counters that is so critical to providing the high service levels for the professional customer.  Now to give a brief overview of our new store expansion activity in the first quarter. We were slightly short of our estimates for the first quarter due to some winter weather issues on our construction schedules. We opened 55 new stores and closed 12 stores on the West Coast, most of which were part of the planned CSK store closing and consolidations that we previously announced. This gave us a net 43 store growth for the quarter, and we are well on schedule to reach our expansion goal of adding 170 stores this year.  Key growth areas included Ohio with 10 new stores, North Carolina with 8 stores and Texas and Wisconsin having 5 stores each. In all, our expansion touched 19 states, including our first store in West Virginia, now putting O'Reilly in 39 states. In addition to the new installations, we relocated 2 stores and had 8 major renovation in building additions to existing stores as well, as I had mentioned earlier, completed the 243 Western store resets and remodels. I might mention, our expansion did include the acquisition of a 3-store chain in North Carolina, which helped us enter these markets with a nice sales base and very seasoned and experienced group of Team Members.  As in the past, we will continue to look for good opportunities to acquire individual part stores or small chains of stores that helps our growth and consolidates the market. We also held our 2011 Manager Conference in Nashville, Tennessee in February, which brought together all store district and regional managers as well as our field sales team and many members of our corporate management team. The managers participated in 5 hours of vendor-related sessions, 3 hours of trade show and 2 hours of vendor sales tips. There was also 5 hours of internal sessions focused on awards presentations, profitability, team member development and leadership, along with some upcoming computer enhancements at the store level. It was a very successful conference, and our teams returned to their market with a high level of enthusiasm and ready to make 2011 another record year for the company.  Most of what I covered today has been in regard to the update and success of our conversion activity in our new Western divisions. I certainly want to add that we are very proud of the superior performance and great results we continue to produce throughout our core O'Reilly stores and distribution centers. Our stores continue to grow market share due to successful execution of our dual market sales plans, while practicing discipline, gross margin management and aggressive expense controls throughout the organization. At the store level, we continue to improve store team member productivity while having a goal of providing the best customer service levels in our markets. The overall result of our teams' effort is defined by our 5.7% comp performance and the 14.2 operating profit last quarter. We want to thank all Team Members at O'Reilly for their contribution to our company's success, and we look forward to a great year ahead of us.  I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now we'll take a closer look at our first quarter results and the guidance for the remainder of the year. After a slow start to the quarter, sales ended the quarter on a more solid trend, resulting in comparable store sales of 5.7%, which exceeded our guidance of 3% to 5%. For the quarter, sales increased 8% to $1.4 billion. The sales increase for the quarter of $103 million was comprised of a $71 million increase in comp store sales, a $35 million increase in noncomp store sales, a $1 million increase in noncomp nonstore sales and a $4 million decrease from closed stores.  For the quarter, ticket count and ticket average contributions were roughly even. The trends for the quarter were similar to the prior year, with the increase in ticket count driven by the trend of consumers continuing to retain and maintain their existing vehicles and the increase in ticket average, the result of our product mix trending towards hard parts, which typically carry a higher average ticket.  Our total sales guidance for 2011 remains at $5.7 billion to $5.8 billion, and our comparable store sales guidance is unchanged at 3% to 6%. While we do expect some headwind from rising gas prices, we expect sales to remain relatively solid based on the continuing economic pressure on consumers to maintain their existing vehicles and the solid growth potential we have in the acquired CSK markets.  Gross profit for the quarter of 48.4% of sales was up slightly from the prior year and within our expectations. While we have seen some inflationary pressures on some of our products, the impact for the quarter was neutral with our LIFO reserve only changing $200,000. The first quarter is historically our lowest gross margin percentage of the year based on sales volumes and mix, so we're comfortable maintaining our annual guidance for gross margin of 48.4% to 48.8% of sales versus 48.6% in 2010. While we do anticipate further inflationary pressures, we expect the pricing environment in the industry will remain rational and inflationary pressures will be effectively passed on through to the consumer.  SG&A for the quarter was 34.2% of sales versus 35.1% in the prior year. The improvement was driven by improved leverage on store occupancy costs, improving store payroll efficiency, positive results on health benefits and improved leverage on headquarters expense now that we have completely consolidated the Phoenix office. These efficiencies were partially offset by increasing fuel costs related to store delivery vehicles, and we would expect these headwinds to continue throughout the year. When we look at SG&A average per store for the first quarter, we are able to limit the increase to 1% through tight expense control. For the full year, we continue to expect to see average per store SG&A increase in the low single digits as we leverage store occupancy costs in the acquired CSK stores, leverage headquarters expenses and benefit from the reduced store project costs related to conversions and training.  Operating margin for the quarter was 14.2% of sales, representing a 105-basis-point improvement over the prior year, as we saw strong sales leverage on solid sales, coupled with tight expense control. Based on the results from the first quarter, we are raising our full year operating margin guidance from 13.9% to 14.4% of sales to 14.1% to 14.6% of sales versus an adjusted operating margin of 13.6% in 2010. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter, which excludes the cost of our January-February financing, was $0.83 per share, which represents a 19% increase over the prior year.  As discussed in our fourth quarter conference call, we refinanced our debt in January of this year. In summary, we issued $500 million of 10-year public bonds with an effective interest rate just under 5% and entered into a new $750 million 5-year revolving banking facility. We used the proceeds from the issuance of the bonds to retire our asset-backed loan. As a result of this refinancing, we recorded a $26 million charge in the first quarter of 2011 to write off an amortized ABL financing cost and to terminate the interest rate swaps associated with the ABL. We will treat this charge as an onward creating item in 2011.  During the quarter, our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA are increased slightly from 1.6x to 1.7x but remains well below our long-term targeted leverage range of 2.0x to 2.25x. We remain very committed to maintaining our investment grade ratings.  Looking at our balance sheet at the end of March, two things stand out. First, we are sitting on an unusual amount of cash for us, which we'll discuss in a moment; and second, we are making progress in improving our net inventory turns. Reducing our per store inventory and improving our vendor terms both represent great opportunities for us to improve our net inventory turns.  During the quarter, we opened 43 net new stores, and we're still able to reduce overall inventory by $22 million. On a per store basis, inventory at the end of the quarter was $554,000 versus $567,000 at the end of last year. While we do not anticipate returning to the sub-$500,000 per store inventory levels we were at prior to buying CSK, we do anticipate over the next several years to see substantial reductions in our per store inventory as we continue to work hard to refine the mix and depth of inventory at the converted CSK stores and new DCs.  For the year, we continue to believe we can add 170 new stores with only a small increase in gross inventory. At the end of the quarter, our AP to inventory ratio was 48.8% of sales, which is a tremendous improvement over the first quarter of the prior year and December of 2010, which were 41.8% and 44.3%, respectively. A portion of the improvement is due to temporary timing differences related to transitioning into spring, but a portion is the result of permanent improvements in payable terms, which we would have been able to negotiate with our vendors as a result of our improved vendor financing program. We have been able to enhance our program to reduce supply-chain costs based on our new unsecured debt structure. We expect to continue to increase our AP to inventory ratio over time.  Cash flow from operations improved to $123 million over the first quarter of last year, which represents a 72% increase. This strong improvement was driven by increased adjusted net income and improvements in net inventory investment.  Looking at capital expenditures for the quarter, our spend of $94 million was slightly higher than prior year. For the full year, we still expect to spend between $310 million and $340 million. The strong improvement in cash flow from operations, coupled with CapEx spend in line with last year, drove a significant improvement in our free cash flow. The first quarter free cash flow of $200 million was a $120 million improvement over the prior year. For the full year, we expect free cash -- excuse me, for the full year, expected free cash flow guidance, we are increasing our guidance from $320 million to $350 million to $360 million to $400 million. This increase in guidance is based on first quarter results, offset in part by the before-mentioned temporary timing difference in AP payments, deferral of planned CapEx out of the first quarter into the second and third quarters and the deferred timing of some planned payments.  Based on our strong first quarter free cash flow and the approximately $145 million of cash generated from our January bond offering, we are able to buy back $145 million of stock during the quarter and still end the quarter with $230 million of cash on the balance sheet. On an ongoing basis, our intent would be to carry our minimum amount of cash in the balance sheet, which ranges from $20 million to $40 million and use our undrawn $750 million revolving bank facility for short-term liquidity needs. We continue to believe the best use of the cash flows generated by operations is to reinvest in the business by opening new stores and continuing to consolidate the industry. To the extent we do not use all the cash flow we generate by opening new stores with the appropriate returns where we can have consolidated industry via accretive acquisitions, we will return excess cash to shareholders by opportunistically buying back our shares.  During the date of this call, we have repurchased a total of $200 million of shares and have $300 million still outstanding on the current board authorized share repurchase program. Our guidance for both the second quarter and the full year takes into account the shares repurchased through today but does not reflect the impact of any potential future share repurchases.  For the second quarter, our diluted earnings per share guidance is $0.92 to $0.96 per share. For the full year, our adjusted diluted EPS guidance, which excludes the nonrecurring charges related to refinancing plan I mentioned previously, is $3.49 to $3.59 per share. The first quarter results were a good start to the year, and we look forward to continuing that momentum throughout the rest of the year.  At this time, I'd like to ask Tamika, the operator, to come back, and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Tamika?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Gary Balter of Crdit Suisse.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG: Given that you're retiring the Checkers brands, the CSK brands, are you planning to sell these left over inventory, your left over names on eBay?
Gregory Henslee: We haven't planned that yet, but that maybe a future cash flow opportunity.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG: Good. We'll put it in our model. Expenses only grew 5% for the quarter. Was there any timing issues in that, or is that something that's -- like that was your best quarter you've had for a long time. Obviously, you're past a lot of the big spending. Is that what we should be thinking going forward?
Gregory Henslee: We had a great quarter on expenses. What I think what reflects is a couple of things. One, that we're not spending all these dollars on training and conversion. And that two, our store operations group has really worked hard on productivity per team member, and how do we grow sales and drive sales results using our payroll dollars wisely.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG: So is that a yes?
Gregory Henslee: We would expect to continue to see very good leverage on SG&A. Maybe not quite as good as we saw in the first quarter.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG: And you made some comments -- you had some comments on the macro, obviously, and the impact of gas pricing. If you break out the CSK stores, you may not want to answer this, but if you just look back at the O'Reilly stores, where you don't have the benefit of doing all the distribution and growing in the contracts side, what's happening as gas pricing goes up? Are those comps positive?
Gregory Henslee: Yes. The CSK stores are -- I mean the O'Reilly stores are comping well. They're not comping as good as the converted markets but we're very pleased with the way they are comping. Now the things it's hard to compare currently to what happened when gas prices spikes so abruptly -- the last time they did this is that the cars are that much older. At least the average age of cars is that much more. So the miles driven really generate more productivity in our business or our industry than what it did previously. So I guess what I was alluding to in my prepared comments is it's kind of hard to predict how this will play out if gas prices get to $4.50 or whatever it is they're projected to get to this summer. Because I think we would expect miles driven to soften, whether they flatten or go negative is unknown. But the miles driven that do sustain generate more productivity for our industry. So it's kind of hard to see what's happening. But to answer your question directly, yes we're happy with the core O'Reilly comparable store sales. The converted market comparable store sales are better. But we're very pleased with the way stores are doing. But we refrain from giving the specifics on what our comps are by geography or by distribution channel.
Operator: Your next question is from Collin McGranahan of Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: First, just to follow-up a little bit on the cash discussion. I think when you reported last you said in January despite the weather you were in the range for the quarter 3% to 5%, and if you ended up at 5% to 7%. Looks like February, March was somewhere in the 6.5% to 7% range. And if you're back within the range, it seems like there's a pretty good deceleration here in April, maybe back to 3% to 4% from a prevailing rate of 6% to 7%. We've seen gas prices go up I think for 35 consecutive days in a row and gas shipments, which track pretty well with miles driven, are now fairly negative in the last several weeks. What have you seen kind of as you've come through March and into April and really started hitting this day after day after day of higher gas prices. What have you seen in the trend in the core business?
Gregory Henslee: What we've seen is just a kind of a steady incremental ramp up of business that we see each spring that can be temporarily disrupted by short-term weather events like in the tornadoes and thunderstorms that have been persistent in the middle and the Eastern part of the country the last few days can be a little bit disruptive. But we've seen a steady ramp up of business. The variations that we've seen are probably most driven on a this year's comp basis by the week we had last year. There was some pretty significant variations in the comps that we had on a weekly basis last year for the quarter that we're in. And the comp trends had been very steady, or at least the sales trend has been very steady. The comp numbers are affected more so than anything by what we've see, by what we're comparing to. So we think that the range that we gave is a reasonable range. And we've not seen any abrupt change in the trend that we're on as a result of gas prices having increased yet. Not to say that, that won't happen. We haven't seen it yet.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Substantially, on your daily run rate, you're seeing pretty steady day-to-day business and it's just a matter of what the year ago looks like.
Gregory Henslee: That's exactly right.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And then second question on a pretty phenomenal working capital performance and free cash flow performance. You're now in the unusual circumstance of having a lot more money than you know what to do with. And so why not a dividend at this point?
Gregory Henslee: We still look at the opportunities within our markets both to aggressively grow stores and also to consolidate the industry, and see a lot of potential out there. We were still a fragmented industry. We would like to maintain our flexibility to go out and quickly, and aggressively when the opportunity presents itself, consolidate the industry.
Colin McGranahan - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Well, Tom, I think you said in the past though, the largest acquisition you could contemplate given the available opportunities, is a couple of hundred million dollars. Is that changed?
Thomas McFall: The change that are out there are smaller and they're in that range. What we want to do is balance, being very committed to continuing to be investment grade rated, and having the flexibility to do those. We're currently below our leverage target by a good amount but we want to walk into those slowly over time. So...
Gregory Henslee: And something I would add to that, Colin, is that we feel like we're still a very opportunistic growth company. And while to your point, there's many of the companies that we could potentially acquire over time are relatively small companies and can be funded to a large degree with our facility and cash flows. Our thought right now is with us being still a relatively young growth company, although we've grown to being the second-largest chain in the U.S., we don't want to lock ourselves in to a long-term dividend obligation yet. That will be a discussion that our board will have ongoing overtime, and that may be where we end up at some point. But right now, we feel like share repurchases are the best way to reward our shareholders or to utilize our excess cash to reward our shareholders and that dividends maybe something that we pursue in the future as our company continues to mature.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Wewer of Raymond James.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Tom, the rate that you're increasing the payables, the inventory level is increasing a lot faster than we had expected. I know that these bigger finance programs only pay off once you buy inventory, and you guys only turn your inventory about once every 200 days. Can you give us some kind of a target for where that payable inventory rate could be four quarters from now or two years from now.?
Thomas McFall: Two years from now is an easier target to give you. When we look at our vendor base and our mix of products, we would target right now where we sit today in the 60% to 70% range over the next couple of years. When we look at this specific point in time in March, the 48.8% is a very good number. When we transition out of the winter into the spring, just based on the churn of inventory, our AP to inventory ratio climbs from a low point in January to a high point in the middle of the summer and timing of purchases and special -- maybe on uncertain purchases can affect our first quarter AP, that inventory ratio quite a bit. And that's why when we look at where we're at, part of it is going to be permanent, and part of it is transitional based on rolling into the summer.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay and then the, I guess the other question I had, on the operating margin guidance, that you bumped up 20 bps from the initial guidance. Is that reflecting greater SG&A opportunities or is it reflecting an opportunity to improve gross margin rates that Greg was alluding to?
Thomas McFall: We're pretty close on where we thought we would be on gross margin. It reflects the results from the first quarter and having a positive outlook on managing SG&A.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So it's more -- that's why the extra 20 bps versus margins on the forecast is originating. It's more on the expense line?
Thomas McFall: Yes. And over the long term, that's our opportunity, our biggest opportunity, we feel, to drive operating margin is to continue to be more and more efficient with our SG&A.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I just want to make sure I understand, on the gross margin difference between commercial and do-it-yourself, that you noted was about 400 to 500 basis points. Has that changed one way or the other during the last two or three years?
Thomas McFall: No. The spread stayed pretty close. There's always been a spread or somewhere between I'd say 300 and 500 basis points. And depending on the market that you're in, you can have a -- you can be at a market where you have an aggressive, what we call them, two-step operations. But they're just under hardware houses that buy directly from manufacturers and the low operating expense and price can get eroded in those markets pretty well and you'll have a more of a spread there than you would in other markets. But on balance 400 to 500 is pretty consistent with what it's been for some time now.
Operator: Your next question is from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess my question is, as you've ramped up the commercial sales efforts in the CSK stores, have you been able to maintain the sales run rate in the Retail segment or is that -- the Retail business in those stores, is it increasing, has it decreased because you've put more emphasis on the commercial? What's the right way to think about that?
Thomas McFall: Well, all of this, as we try to categorize our cash sales or charge sales, there's -- we all -- 8 different perspectives on the way we look at what's cash and what's charge. CSK, as a company, had a different perspective than we have on that. And for that reason, for our internal reporting, some of the accounts that they considered to be what we would consider to be a cash sale, they consider to be a charge or a professional sale. So for that reason, our comparisons are a little bit off. Once we anniversary those odd comparisons, both sides are growing well. From an internal comparison standpoint early on, it appears as though our charge sales are significantly outpacing our cash sales. But that's really not the case. It's a little bit of a re-categorization issue. So what I would say is, is that our cash sales are growing. We're comping positive. We'd like to be comping a lot better on the cash side. Our charge sales are comping extremely well.
Ted Wise: Scot, this is Ted. As I mentioned in my comments, the stores have been in kind of a state of transition in the front floors, due all to resets and remodels of planogram changeovers. A lot of retail clerks and new computer systems. So to be where we're at right now on the retail business, we think is really good, and look forward to the next year, two, three as we continue to build the O'Reilly Brand, increase the hard parts sales out of those stores. And again, we're evolving from basically an oil accessory on sale customer to an everyday low price hard parts customer, and not that we don't want to continue to do all the business that CSK was doing but add to that. So again, this year, our stores are going to really start looking a whole lot better from an image and appearance and signage and customer service levels. And we really see a big opportunity to Retail business in addition to the Wholesale business.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: That's helpful. But Greg's comments also seem to suggest there was a -- I read it this way anyway, that there was a widening in the sales performance gap between the DIY and the Commercial business. I guess the question is, A, is that correct? And B, is that a function of gas prices or is this simply a function of what's currently going on with the CSK that you just alluded to?
Ted Wise: Let me add this to what I said, Scot, because I'm trying to refrain from just telling you exactly what the numbers are, because we don't want to do that. But on the core O'Reilly side, both the charge or what I'll call professional sales and DIY sales, the comps are pretty close. They're not that far apart. On the CSK side, what would be the converted stores, the professional sales are comping much better than the DIY sales. The point I was making about the spread is simply a matter of categorization with inside our company. We've not spent a lot of time trying to go back and recapture the way CSK measured it to try and see exactly what our number would be under their measurement. So it's not widening. The number's coming closer together when it comes to cash, to DIY to professional sales comparisons. So we spread between the two and the CSK conversion stores. It was wider when we originally bought the company and started our commercial programs because we had early big wins on the commercial side that were just a result from having inventory in the stores and it's taken longer to bring the cash sales up to speed. One of our biggest future opportunities is to be a better provider to the DIY side. So that gap is narrowing incrementally.
Operator: Your next question is from Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Greg, you went through several initiatives that you sort of -- whether it's near-term or longer-term. I wonder if you could maybe prioritize the sort of top two things you'd like to accomplish for the balance of the year, particularly now that it seems like the heavy lifting of CSK and conversion process is out of the way?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, I would put those, I would just say the three things that would be most important are some enhancements that we want to make to our point-of-sale systems, that will further enhance the content we use at point of sales to help both our do-it-yourself customer and our professional customers in just us managing the transaction and helping them with the products they're looking for, more pictures, diagrams, repair information, diagnostic information, things like that. That's a real important priority for us right now. We're focusing a lot of the effort on that. Behind that, would come a combination of our supply chain efforts just working with vendors to make sure that we're being as efficient as we can in our supply chain that we're acquiring products from the right companies, the right countries and that we're as efficient as we possibly can be from a supply chain perspective. In addition to that, that we're preparing for the future, is the car sales continue to migrate towards more import labels than domestic labels. Now I read the other day that the speculation was that as the import or gas prices continue to progress where they're projected to progress to, that import car sales could exceed half the car sales in the U.S. this year. That's happening. It puts us in a position that I feel like we need to do a better and excellent job and being a parts provider for import cars, especially some of the European brands that appear to be serviced by import specialists and shops that are not the typical domestic car shops. So part of our supply chain effort is to work and make sure that we're in a good future position for that. Margin management would come in behind that. We were just trying to use more science and technology to optimize the way we price, the way we evaluate sales, the way we evaluate market baskets, the effects of promotions, what goes along with the item when we are willing to give away, motor oil and whatever the case may be. That would come behind that. And then behind that would just be our ongoing improvements that we're making in e-commerce to manage relationships with do-it-yourself customers to be the easiest partner to do business with on the professional side and to make sure that we're adding value to those transactions with our professional customers by making it easy for them to give the estimates that they need to give, to have access to the information that they need to have, to give us -- to diagnose vehicles and things like that.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: It seems like the point of sales efforts are certainly geared more towards the do-it-yourself side of the business. Is that a fair assessment?
Gregory Henslee: Yes. They are useful on both that they're more useful on the do-it-yourself side than they are on the do-it-for me side.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And historically, as you've been heavier weighted towards the commercial, is there something that you felt you were lagging? Traditionally, a 50-50 split, but I mean that's just something playing catch up. Is there something you see on a go-forward basis that you feel like you can be more competitive in your markets to take advantage of some of that technology at POS?
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think, Tony, that when you look at just through the most successful companies in our business, who's doing the most volume per store retail, things like that, it's clear that we have an opportunity, a significant opportunity to do more Retail business on a per unit basis. And the things that we think will help get us there are some of the marketing and advertising things that Ted said, just making customer's aware of the rest of inventory, the quality of products, the professional help we have. The one thing that I think significantly helped, and we're well down the road with this today because we've made incremental improvements as have our competitors and the information we use at point of sale. One of the things that I think can help us be a better DIY provider is just the information that we can put on our front counters to help our least tenured team members be better parts professionals. Just to give them the information that these customers, that really don't know a lot about repairing their cars. Given the information right there on the system that can help them make buying decisions while they're in the stores, help them make diagnostic decisions as to what parts they may need to be looking at. And then also to make sure that when they leave the store, they've got everything they need. If there's a special tool that they need to get their drain plug out of their manual transmission or whatever the case may be, we want to make sure that we're able to provide the information to recommend that item while they're there as opposed to sending them away with the fluid they need to change their transmission oil, only to realize that they don't have the tool at home to take the drain plug out. We'd like to sell it to them while they're in the store the first time. So those kinds of things are the kinds of things we're trying to focus on.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Baker of Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG: I'm going to ask, if I could, one short-term, one long-term question. In the short-term, can you describe what the impact of some of the weather in April, may have been the tornadoes, et cetera, and how the comparisons will shake out through the second quarter from a year ago? And then the long-term question, I think in the past, you've talked about the CSK stores getting to $1.8 million by 2013 due to the growth in the commercial business. Can you talk about that outlook. Do you feel more confident in that after not having all those stores converted, less confident? Should it potentially be higher than that even?
Gregory Henslee: First, on weather, this thunderstorm and tornado activity and just monsoon-type rain in the center part of the country has not helped business short term. We continue to comp okay, we'd comp a lot better had we not have these weather events. So there's no question that there's a little bit of a short-term delay in some of the business we've been doing in springtime as a result of that.
Thomas McFall: One of the are the advantages, of the many advantages, of having purchased CSK is this would have been a much bigger impact on us pre-CSK because of our geographic intensity in the middle part of the country in the Southeast part of the country. A largest hit the West Coast, hasn't been affected by these storms. So that's a positive for us for balancing that across what our weather impact is. So it will all wash out in the spring business as it would normally kick in really strong. Really hasn't happened as much yet is what we will see here in this the next couple of weeks as spring really arrives.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG: So weather having a bigger impact than gas prices, you think?
Thomas McFall: It's hard to say. No question in some markets where they've had some extreme weather, that it's certainly had a bigger effect than gas prices. The gas price thing is just really hard for us to measure. The best way to measure it is just with miles driven. If miles driven decreases, then it has to have some effect. The unknown factor in the equation now is that with the cars that much older, how much of effect does it have? So that's hard to say. What I would say is short-term weather has not been favorable so far this spring, but we would put out the change here pretty quick. Long term, the $1.8 million that we've been saying we can get to with CSK, we feel pretty confident that we can get there by the end of 2013. We currently increased those store's averages by onetime a little over $100,000 per store, or something like that. So we're right on pace with where we thought we would be. So yes, we should be there. I think that we were probably a little conservative, maybe, on where we'll end up on these stores on a per average basis. We are looking mostly at the contributor to this to be our rollout of our commercial programs, our professional customer programs. Our big opportunity, as Ted and I mentioned is that we can become a much better DIY provider than we have been or the CSK has been on the West Coast and we're very focused on doing that. To the extent that we're successful there, we'll exceed the $1.8 million.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG: If I could slide in one more. Your comp guidance is a little bit of acceleration in the back half of the year. Is that because just continuing to gain traction and maturity in the CSK markets or does that have something to do with maybe what you're seeing here with the weather?
Thomas McFall: I guess if we look at our first quarter results and our second quarter guidance, we wouldn't expect the second half, which has tougher compares to excel from a percentage standpoint. One question I didn't answer that you asked was just about our -- how the quarter lays out from a compares standpoint. The way it lays out, I won't give you the numbers, but it's a tough compares starts some easy in the middle, tough compares in the end.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I want to talk about the impact of pricing in the industry, our studies, and I guess intuition would say that price certainly of commodity products have gone up. You've spoken to some degree to your own emerging price optimization efforts. Can you talk about what impact this is having on sales? And perhaps talk about traffic or transaction count versus ticket trends, and how the complexion of those trends maybe changing as we move through the quarters here?
Gregory Henslee: It looks like, beyond ticket average and transaction count are both about equal contributors to our comp. Tom, I don't know if you had any additional comments about this inflationary effect on our comps.
Thomas McFall: As we look at our LIFO, which is our last LIFO reserve, we didn't see a big change in the quarter. We did see some pressure on some commodity-based products. But to Greg's point, we continue to work closely with our vendors to try to reduce acquisition costs through exactly the right products. Have it manufactured in the right places. So net-net, we did not see that as a driver to the top line in the first quarter.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And if you think about how the contribution of traffic versus ticket has evolved, those are the most two of the quarters. If you could just remind us what that mix has looked like?
Thomas McFall: Consistently through last year, we saw both of them driving the top line growth. When we look at the average ticket comp, it's less inflationary based and more based on our mix of products. As we shift the CSK stores to more Professional Installer, more hard parts, more bigger ticket, dollar transactions that's really the driver of the increasing average ticket.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was just trying to follow up, for the purposes of this analysis, you want to look just at the legacy or other stores that have kind of a level mix as the traffic ticket for O'Reilly there but also tracking the same as it is under [indiscernible]?
Thomas McFall: Core O'Reilly has been equal contributor on both sides.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the time allotted for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Greg Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I'll just close by saying thanks for everyone's time. We're pretty enthused with the success that we've had with the CSK integration. And we'll be working through the second quarter and the remainder of the year to make sure that we reap the fruit of the efforts that we put in place with this integration over the past two and a half years. And we'll look forward to reporting those results to you the end of this quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President Ted Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital Colin McGranahan - Bernstein Research Alan Rifkin - BofA Merrill Lynch Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lushae, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the 2010 O'Reilly Automotive Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to your host, Mr. McFall, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Lushae. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement.  The company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words.  In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, CSK DOJ investigation resolution, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results.  Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses such as the integration of CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war.  Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors sections of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, for more details.   At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and year end 2010 conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning, of course, is Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer.  David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. First, I'd like to congratulate all of Team O'Reilly on the outstanding results, both for the quarter and for the year. Our performance across all markets in the fourth quarter continued at a strong pace, and we should all be very proud of our industry-leading comparable store sales performance in 2010.  Our outstanding performance is a result of the great job our team members do, living up to the reputation O'Reilly Auto Parts has built over the years. Customers, both do-it-yourself and professional, have very high expectations of us based on their past experiences and our reputation in each market. Our customers have come to expect that we will always provide the best customer service in our business. That we always have industry-leading parts availability at competitive prices. That we carry the best assortment of quality products, and more than anything, that we offer friendly and professional assistance to every customer that gives us the opportunity.  We sell auto parts, but we're in the Customer Service business, and we've done a great job of proving that this past year. Congratulations, Team O'Reilly, on the outstanding results. It's now been a little over two and a half years since July of 2008, when we purchased CSK Auto. It's been quite a journey from the 1,830 stores and 14 distribution centers we operated in the central and eastern parts of the country at the end of 2007, to the 3,570 stores and 23 full-service distribution centers we operate coast-to-coast today. Some of the key accomplishments over the past three years include the addition of 1,740 stores, including those acquired with CSK; the completion of a very robust distribution network in the western states, this includes our distribution center openings in Seattle, Moreno Valley, California, Salt Lake City, Denver and Stockton, California; the implementation of a hub store network in the Western U.S.; the adjustments away from the promotional retail price-dependent strategies CSK used to everyday low-price strategy that we use in the O'Reilly stores; the changeover of the products CSK carried in their stores and distribution centers to the brands and categories that O'Reilly carries, along with the simultaneous enhancement of inventory coverage that's resulted in the customizing of each store and easy inventory to fit their market; the complete conversion of computer systems in the acquired stores and distribution centers to the O'Reilly point-of-sale supply chain and back-office systems; the display area reset and re-signing of the majority of the CSK locations, with the remainder to be completed in the first half of this year; along with a long list of other accomplishments, including beginning to implement our dual-market strategy in the western states.   At the end of 2007, the last full year we operated prior to acquiring CSK, we ended the year having generated $2.5 billion in revenue, 44.4% gross margin and 12.1% operating margin.  Three years later, we ended 2010 having generated $5.4 billion in revenue, 114% increase; 48.6% gross margin, a 414 basis point increase and 13.6% adjusted operating margin, 149 basis point increase. Our early expectations of the acquisition was that we generate approximately $100 million in annual synergy comprised of $25 million in operating cost reductions and $75 million in merchandise cost reductions. We've clearly exceeded those expectations and with the vast majority of the conversion work behind us, are well on our way to fully executing our dual-market strategy in the western half of the country.  As we've mentioned before, our goal is to bring the acquired stores from an average annual per store volume of $1.35 million at the time of acquisition to $1.8 million. And we've made great progress over the past two and a half years. And we expect continued favorable results as we work to build our Commercial business this year.   Generally speaking, we're very pleased with our performance during the fourth quarter. Sales remain strong coming out of the third quarter and throughout the majority of December. These healthy trends existed in pretty much all our markets across the U.S. and yielded a strong comparable store sales increase of 9.2% for the quarter and 8.8% for the year.  These solid sales results can be attributed to several factors, including the reduction in new car sales resulting in more maintenance of older vehicles, some pent-up demand related to the economic recession, an increase in annual miles driven in the U.S., favorable weather conditions throughout much of the year. But as much as any of these factors, just solid execution by our team across all markets.   In the CSK converted stores, our team members have very enthusiastically adopted the O'Reilly culture and are providing outstanding levels of customer service as they go about the task of implementing our dual-market strategy and building our Commercial business. We're in a good position to build on the success we've had in the converted stores as we continue to gain traction on the commercial side of the business and work to be recognized as the best hard parts supplier in these markets for our retail customers.  We have a lot of work ahead of us to bring the converted stores up to their potential. But at the same time, we've come a long way. And with the key components of the strong team, a strong distribution network and outstanding product availability now in place, and with most of the conversion activity behind us, we feel very confident about our potential to continue our market share gains in the acquired stores.  Tom will be reviewing all our financial information in detail in a moment, but I want to just touch on a couple of key points. First, our gross margin for the fourth quarter and for the year came in at 48.6%. As I mentioned earlier, this is an incredible improvement from the mid-44% gross margin we generated prior to acquiring CSK and is a 60 basis point improvement over 2009. Solid retail pricing and merchandise acquisition cost management are the primary contributors, but another key contributor is our distribution and supply chain management teams. They've just done an excellent job managing our expenses as we've aggressively expanded our distribution capacity.  Over the years, we've invested in and developed warehouse management systems that utilize technologies like voice-activated picking, optimized slotting, automated material handling, along with other technologies, and these systems coupled with a strong distribution and supply chain management team, have served us well as we've expanded our distribution footprint. We plan to continue to enhance these technologies with use of internal resources to ensure we're able to generate additional cost of goods savings that will help mitigate the pressure growing our Commercial business faster than our Retail business could have on our gross margin.  SG&A expense came in at 36.1% of sales for the quarter and on an adjusted basis, 35% for the year. This was 194 basis point improvement compared to 2009, driven primarily by the leverage created by the solid comparable store sales growth. We've worked hard to control expenses and view ourselves as somewhat frugal operators that aren't afraid to make strategic investments that generate solid returns, but focus on making sure our day-to-day operational expenses are kept to a minimum. Everyone in our company, from the top down, lives by the same expense control standards. These efforts on all fronts led our company to an all-time record adjusted operating margin of 13.6% in 2010 compared to the 11.1% we generated in 2009, a 250 basis point improvement.  Now looking to the completion of the first quarter and for the full-year 2011. I know most of you've noticed we lowered our comparable store sales guidance from 4% to 6% fourth quarter last year to 3% to 5% for the first quarter. The reason for this guidance adjustment is due to some winter weather events in January in some of our markets that slowed the pace of our comp store sales growth. Some of our markets were buried in snow with very few travelers for a few days, as road crews worked to clean up. With the highest volume portion of the quarter still in front of us, we'll see how the quarter plays out. But currently, we're comfortable with our 3% to 5% comps this quarter.   Looking out to the full year. We remain confident in our ability to achieve strong results in the CSK converted stores, as well as solid comparable store sales in the core O'Reilly markets, and are providing comp store sales guidance for the year in the 3% to 6% range. We just completed our annual store managers conference and I can tell you, we've got an outstanding group of leaders that are very confident in the conditions that exist in our markets to grow our business. With the majority of the CSK conversion work completed, we're now able to focus more of our resources that over the past couple of years has been spent on conversion and training activity to growing market share and expanding our customer service capabilities.  We currently have several projects underway to improve our ability to provide the best customer service in our industry. These projects include providing additional robust product content for our point-of-sale systems, improved e-commerce capabilities and improved product sourcing capabilities. I won't go into a lot of details of the specifics of all the projects we have underway, but will say that our company has done an excellent job in leading our industry in store-specific inventory mixes and in robust point-of-sale and product sourcing systems over the years. And we're working hard to maintain an advantage in those areas and are focusing a lot of our internal resources on expanding our capabilities.  Looking at our industry at a high level, we believe the favorable macroeconomic conditions that contributed to our industry's strong results in 2010 will continue in 2011. The average age of vehicles on the road continues to exceed 10 years, miles driven continues to incrementally increase, and we feel that out of economic necessity, many motorists are choosing to maintain their older vehicles and keep them on the road as they work to recover from the recession. These tailwinds could, of course, be tempered if fuel prices were to quickly rise, impacting miles driven and discretionary spending in the challenging employment environment.   Lastly, I just want to, again, thank our team for all the hard work in 2010 and congratulate everyone for their outstanding performance in the fourth quarter and for the year. I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted Wise: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. It's great to be able to share the outstanding results that Team O'Reilly achieved in our fourth quarter and for the year. I want to start with a brief overview of some of the detail behind our new store growth. Last year's expansion produced 156 new O'Reilly stores, which was a net increase of 149 stores after closing seven overlapping and underperforming stores from the CSK acquisition.  We finished the year with 3,570 stores. Our expansion plan for next year is to go back to the pre-CSK growth levels, which will be in the range of 170 new locations. Our fourth quarter expansion markets included 35 new stores in 17 different states. Leading growth areas: Texas with five new stores, North Carolina and Florida with four stores and Ohio and Wisconsin with three stores. The year-end totals pretty much mirrored the fourth quarter with Texas having a total of 24 new stores for the year, North Carolina at 20 new stores, Ohio with 16 stores, Wisconsin at 12 and Florida at 10. Last year's expansion reached into 24 states with a large focus on growth out of our newer Greensboro DC and our recently converted DC in Detroit. We're in good shape for future store growth with the addition of our new West Coast distribution centers and the ability to expand out of 23 distribution centers across the country.  I might add that along with the 156 new stores, we relocated 17 stores and had 43 major remodels and store additions, as well as approximately 500 CSK store reset projects. The CSK to O'Reilly store resets are coming along very well and you might say, we have made the fourth corner turn and we are headed for the finish line. We're currently on track to complete these resets by the end of the second quarter this year. This has been a massive project and a great accomplishment for our store design and store installation departments. We are very appreciative of the long hours, week after week, month after month, that it's taken to physically reset and re-merchandise the stores. Immediately following each reset, the stores evaluated and scheduled to have additional interior remodeling and exterior maintenance work to bring it up to the O'Reilly standard.  The O'Reilly sign conversion project is also moving forward and on schedule to have over 1,000 stores re-signed by the end of this quarter, with the balance finished as we move into the second quarter. Needless to say, working with various rules and the city governments, landlord approvals, and the actual sign installations has been a real test of our patience. We'll be moving the store's advertising away from the CSK co-branding to a single O'Reilly message as we finish the re-signing in each market. We would expect to be using the O'Reilly Brand exclusively in all markets sometime in the second quarter. The co-branding has gone very well and allowed for a smooth customer transition to the O'Reilly Brand. However, it will be much more effective when we can place all of our efforts towards building the O'Reilly Brand at the national level.  Our advertising message for the West Coast continues to focus on creating an everyday low-price image along with a hard parts availability message. Previous CSK advertising was almost entirely print-driven, which we have slowly transitioned to a schedule with less print, but supported by much more radio advertising.  We feel we have a huge DIY sales growth opportunity in our West Coast stores as we continue to build a new image of having competitive prices and good inventories, which will attract more serious DIY customers that purchase more hard parts with higher margins and higher ticket sales.   In the fourth quarter, we finished our last CSK to O'Reilly DC conversion in Phoenix and also completed the store computer conversions on the corresponding 151 area stores. It is great to have the conversion totally behind us with all 1,300-plus stores operating on O'Reilly systems, and serviced nightly from a full-coverage O'Reilly distribution center. Each day, our store teams are becoming more proficient with the O'Reilly point-of-sale system and our new store procedures. It's great to have the distraction of product line changeovers and computer systems behind us and our team members better prepared and ready to use the O'Reilly toolbox to grow the business. A special thanks to the over 2,700 O'Reilly team members that have traveled out west from the core O'Reilly stores for weeks at a time to help install and train the western store team members on the new computer systems.  While it seems like just yesterday, it has been over two years since we started the CSK conversions to O'Reilly. Looking back, this included the consolidation of one CSK distribution center, installation of six new distribution centers and the conversion of two existing CSK DCs into O'Reilly systems. During the same period, we realigned product offering, finished entire line changeovers in the stores and converted over 1,300 stores to nightly delivery. There's been an amazing amount of planning and execution on the parts of our distribution team to accomplish these tasks and on such a short and time-sensitive schedule.   Now in regard to our professional sales out west, we continue to see steady growth on the Professional Customer business. Once again, with the new DCs in place and store computer conversions finished, we are better prepared to now concentrate on developing the Professional business. The store inventory levels, along with the hub and spoke system, are being fine tuned to make sure that we have the right parts availability. Store staffing and additional training to ensure that we have professional parts knowledge on our First Call professional counters is a top priority for our district managers. We have established and are following an aggressive outside sales call program to the professional customer and continue to build the relationships that will establish a customer confidence in O'Reilly and our ability to provide consistent, high service levels. This is an ongoing process, but one that we see with good progress, and we are developing a store-by-store, market-by-market sales and operations plan to gain the professional business. As in all areas that I've mentioned regarding the store conversions, we now have the heavy-lifting and task-oriented part behind us, and our sales and ops teams are totally focused on store execution that provides excellent customer service.  We know this will be a key to increasing our market share, and we will continue to train, evaluate and make the additions to our team and our field management, that will ensure that we're on the right track to success in every market. To close, I would like to say we are extremely proud of our industry-leading sales performance. Our 9.2% comps last quarter and 8.8% comps for the year, are the results of our team's commitment to providing outstanding customer service. Great service levels and the execution of our dual marketing sales program once again resulted in solid growth with both our DIY and professional customer. Combined, the performance of our CSK conversion stores, the strong sales growth in our core O'Reilly stores and the addition of our 149 new O'Reilly stores, produced almost $5.4 billion in sales for 11.4% increase over last year. This could not have happened without our entire team working together and being committed to the service levels on which the O'Reilly culture's based. We truly believe that our team members' commitment and relationship with our customers make the difference in our performance. I want to thank all of our team members for the role they played in making 2010 a very successful year.   I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now, we'll take a closer look at our results and add some color to our guidance for 2011.  Sales finished up the year on a strong note with comparable store sales of 9.2% in the fourth quarter. This increase was driven primarily by ticket count, but average ticket also contributed. For the quarter, sales increased $137 million comprised of $106 million increase in comp store sales, a $29 million increase in non-comp store sales and a $2 million increase in non-comp, non-store sales. For the year, sales increased 11% to $5.4 billion, primarily driven by our 8.8% comparable store sales results. For the year, ticket count and ticket average contributions were roughly even. We believe the increase in ticket count was driven by the trend of consumers continuing to retain and maintain their existing vehicles. And the increase in average ticket was the result of our product mix tending towards hard parts, which typically carry a higher ticket average.   For 2010, Commercial outperformed DIY due to the ramp up of the Commercial business in the acquired CSK stores. We would expect this trend to continue as we leverage the infrastructure investments completed this year in the western markets, allowing us to fully implement our dual market strategy.  Our sales guidance for 2011 is $5.7 billion to $5.8 billion. Our comparable store sales guidance is 3% to 6%, driven by the continued ramp of the Commercial business in the acquired CSK stores, continued growth from the immature stores and return to historical automotive aftermarket growth rates in the mature core O'Reilly stores as they face tough comparisons.  Gross profit for the quarter was up slightly as we saw a higher mix of hard part sales, which typically carry a higher gross margin percentage. These gains were partially offset by an increased mix of commercial sales, which carry a lower gross margin percent based on commercial customers' volume purchasing power. Our guidance for 2011 is gross margin of 48.4% to 48.8% of sales versus 48.6% in 2010. We anticipate the following dynamics in our 2011 gross margin: The pricing environment in the industry will continue to be rational and inflationary pressures will be efficiently passed through to the consumer; we will benefit from distribution efficiencies with no new DCs opening in 2011 versus four new ones in 2010; and our Commercial business will continue to grow significantly faster than the DIY, which will put pressure on our gross margin percentage.  SG&A for the quarter was 36.1% of sales versus 37.8% in the prior year. The improvement was driven by extremely strong comp store sales. When we look at average SG&A per store for 2010, we increased 1.2% per store versus a 7% increase in average store sales volume. We were able to achieve this leverage based on extremely strong sales and tight expense control. Looking forward to 2011, we would expect to again see average per store SG&A increases in the low single digits as we leverage store occupancy costs in the acquired CSK stores, leverage headquarter expenses and benefit from the reduced store project costs related to conversions and training.  Operating margin for the quarter was 12.5% of sales, representing 180 basis point improvement over the prior year as we saw strong leverage on robust sales. For the year, we recorded a record adjusted operating margin of 13.6% of sales, which excludes the impact of the legacy CSK DOJ issue. Prior to 2010, our highest annual operating margin was 12.4% in 2006. We are pleased with our results, but we feel we have many opportunities to continue to raise the bar on operating margin.  Our operating margin guidance for 2011 is 13.9% to 14.4% of sales with the expected improvement driven primarily by improved leverage of SG&A. For the fourth quarter, our tax rate was 37.5% of pretax income, which came in a little better than we expected based on the positive results of several tax planning strategies. For 2010, excluding the impact of the legacy CSK DOJ issue, our tax rate was 38% of pretax income. And we expect to see a slightly higher rate in 2011.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter, which excludes the favorable settlement of the note receivable acquired in the CSK acquisition, was $0.69 per share, which represents an increase of 33% over 2009. For the year, adjusted EPS, which excludes the favorable settlement of the note receivable and the charges related to the legacy CSK DOJ matter, was $3.05 per share, which represents an increase of 37% over the prior year.  Now, we'll take a look at the refinancing plan we executed in January of 2011. The reason we decided to refinance our ABL, which still had 2.5 years of remaining term, was twofold. First, we saw a great effort to lock in extremely favorable long term rates, and second, we saw an opportunity to reduce the working capital requirements to operate our business. Based on our consistent track record of profitable growth, the increased size of the business, the success of the CSK integration and our improved free cash flow profile, we are able to obtain investment grade inaugural ratings from both Moody's and S&P. These ratings allowed us to issue $500 million of 10-year public bonds with an effective interest rate just under 5%. We used the proceeds from the offering to retire our ABL. Also as part of the refinancing plan, we entered into a $750 million five-year revolving bank facility. This facility is primarily to ensure ample liquidity as we do not plan to have substantial permanent borrowings outstanding on our facility. As part of the refinancing, we will take a $26 million charge in the first quarter of 2011 to write-off the remaining ABL financing costs and to terminate interest-rate swaps associated with the ABL. We will treat this charge as a non-recurring item in 2011.   In the upcoming years, we have a tremendous opportunity to improve our net inventory turnover. The opportunity comes on two fronts. First is to improve our vendor terms and increase our payables. The second is to improve our inventory productivity. With the refinancing, we've moved from the secured debt structure to an unsecured debt structure. This will allow us to operate a competitive vendor financing program, which will allow us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate longer payable terms with our vendors.  We finished 2010 with an inventory to AP ratio of 44.3%, which was an improvement over the prior year of 42.8%. But we significantly lag our peers and have substantial opportunity. We'd expect to see some benefit from the new vendor financing program in the fourth quarter of this year. However, we'd expect to see the bulk of the improvement in the first half of 2012. This delayed impact is the result of any extension of terms not being realized until the purchase made under the new longer terms reach the extended period.   On the inventory front, our average inventory per store finished the year at $567,000, which is up substantially compared to the $471,000 average prior to our acquisition of CSK. Dissecting our inventory, the core O'Reilly per store average approximates the pre-CSK levels with the acquired stores accounting for the increase to our average. During the year, we will refine the inventory levels at the acquired stores and supporting DCs with the excess inventory being sold through or returned to vendors.  In conjunction with the refinancing plan, our Board of Directors authorized a $500 million share buyback program. We feel the best use of the cash flows generated by operations is to reinvest in the business by opening new stores and continuing to consolidate the industry. To the extent we do not use all the cash flow we generate by opening new stores with the appropriate returns, or we cannot consolidate the industry via accretive acquisitions, we'll return excess cash to shareholders by opportunistically buying back our shares. Because this share buyback program was announced during our closed window, we have not repurchased any shares yet. But when the window reopens, we will begin to opportunistically execute the program.  In 2010, we generated free cash flow of $338 million compared with a negative free cash flow of $130 million in 2009. This dramatic improvement was the result of a 36% increase in net income, coinciding with the end of the large CapEx and inventory investments in the acquired stores. Looking at 2011, we expect to open 170 new stores and spend between $310 million and $340 million on CapEx. Included in this CapEx spend is the last $50 million of CSK conversion CapEx. With a reduced CapEx and no expected investment in net inventory, we anticipate free cash flow to be between $320 million and $350 million in 2011. During 2010, we reduced our outstanding debt balances by $432 million and finished the year at an adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA of 1.6x. We are extremely committed to maintaining our investment grade rating. We have stated our target leverage is 2x to 2.25x, based on a 6x rent factor. And we would expect to slowly reach these targets over time as we maintain our flexibility to invest in profitably growing the business.   For 2011, our guidance of adjusted earnings per share, which excludes the non-recurring charges related to the refinancing plan mentioned previously, is $3.37 to $3.47 per share. This guidance does not take into consideration the impact of any share buybacks.  In conclusion, 2010 was a tremendous year for Team O'Reilly and we are looking forward to an even better year in 2011. At this time, I'd like to ask Lushae, the operator, to come back, and we'll be happy to answer questions. Lushae?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Dan Wewer from Raymond James.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates: Greg, to follow up on your comments at CSK progress, you noted that when you purchased the stores, they were averaging about $1.35 million in sales per location with a goal of $1.8 million. And as I recall, there are some markets like Houston and Dallas where you do over $2 million per store. Given that you've owned those stores now for two-and-a-half years, where are you on that progression from $1.3 million to $1.8 million?
Gregory Henslee: Well, we've made good progress. We're trying to avoid giving the comp store sales of our stores by markets and by store type just for competitive reasons. But I guess what I would say is that we've made good progress. If you look at it like you would a baseball game, I'd say we're in the second, third inning, something like that, with a lot of the game still ahead of us. But we're further down the road than we would have thought we would have been at this point in time.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates: So that's a nine inning game and you're three innings into it?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, something like that.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates: The other question on the inventory strategy going forward, just trying to make sure I understand, your goal is to actually reduce the gross inventory dollars at CSK during the next 12 months, for the former CSK stores?
Gregory Henslee: That's correct. Because of the duplicative inventory that we had in place when we moved Dixon to Stockton. We had two distribution centers worth of inventory there that were unnecessary, and also the hub store network that was really kind of overbuilt to kind of get us in the Commercial business ahead of us having all of our distribution centers open and just the method by which we address putting inventory in those stores. We have more inventory on average in those stores than we really need. And we'll be working to work that down to the appropriate levels over the next 12 months. We've been working on that already, some, but we still have a lot of progress yet to make there.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates: So there's not any temptation to take advantage of the anticipated growth in payables as a way to justify increasing your gross inventory.
Gregory Henslee: We -- that is not part of our plan right now, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate McShane from Citi Invest Research.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc: You had mentioned that you're planning to pass higher prices through in light of some of the inflationary trends we're seeing. Will you be -- or are there specific products that you're raising prices on? Is it fully in line with costs? And what is the timing of that?
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think as our competitors do and most retailers do, we constantly shop our competitors to make sure that our retail prices are competitive. Generally, the prices that Tom was talking about are items that we would consider commodities or items that are related to specific raw material costs that typically would be costs that if we receive increases, our competitors would receive increases. And I think, what we've seen anyway for the last several years, is that our industry is pretty rational when it comes to passing along those cost increases. So primarily, we're talking about just passing along the raw material and commodity cost increases along with our competitors.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc: And in regards to some of the external factors that could impact your business, with gas prices up a fair degree already, have you seen this directly impact your comp store sales so far for Q1?
Gregory Henslee: We have not. I think the increases that we've seen have been pretty gradual. We've not had a quick spike in fuel prices to this point, and we've not seen an impact that we would relate specifically to gas prices. As I've mentioned in my earlier comments, our first quarter isn't -- it didn't start off as strong as what we ended the fourth quarter, but we relate that to these weather events that we had because they were specifically on a daily basis related to those weather events, and we're not relating them at this point to anything other than that. Although we understand that increased gas prices take away from some of the discretionary spend, and with the some of the income tax refunds not coming as early this year as they did last year, that, that could have some minor impact. It's very difficult for us to measure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Cristello from BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: One of questions that I wanted to touch on is if you look today versus say, three years ago, can you maybe talk a little bit about the categories that you're seeing that are showing particular strength that maybe three years ago didn't? And how has that impacted the pricing and margin of parts being sold today versus then?
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think the categories, the robust categories are probably pretty similar. We've seen good growth primarily in hard parts categories. I think ignition emissions is a category that has probably improved some in the more recent years just because of the complexity of automobiles and the components that had to do with emission and ignition, they have to be replaced at higher mileages. Those products run at approximately the same margins now as they did then relative to our buying power. We make better margin now across all lines relative to our buying power, but I don't think we've seen a material shift by category into categories that we make better margin on now than we did in 2007. It's been more across the board.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: So if we then look at sort of the pricing and the margin, if we're saying that they're the same categories are staying the same, then how do you then manage the product sourcing or refinement of the supply chain, which I think are a couple of things you've talked about, to help improve then, your overall gross profit?
Gregory Henslee: Well, we continue to move some of our products to private label to satisfy our customers' desires to buy lower-cost products, those products typically come at a lower selling price, maybe a lower gross profit dollar but a higher gross margin percentage. So that's one change that we're seeing and we're pursuing. The ideal situation for us is to build some of our private labels into more premium brands, which we've pursued. And then as the import car market or the sale of parts for import cars becomes a larger percentage of our business, I think we have an opportunity to grow our gross margin with some private label branding that we can do on OE fit, form and function private label products.
Ted Wise: Tony, this is Ted. I might add to Greg's comment, we're seeing a slight trend to where our professional customers are not quite as brand-sensitive. I mean, they're very willing to take a private label as long as it's a premium private label.
Thomas McFall: And part of that has to do, Tony, as you well know from your involvement in our industry, with the quality of the private label products. There's been a lot of change with some of the private label suppliers over the past several years to a higher quality product. And the difference between private label and branded from just a product quality, fit, form and function standpoint, is not nearly as prevalent today as it was a few years back.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Horvers from JP Morgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was curious, can you -- was January a negative month? And I know it's -- you're only part of the way through February, but can you talk about how trends have rebounded? Maybe citing whether it's on a company basis or particular markets that where the snow cleared out faster?
Gregory Henslee: No, January was not a negative month. And we would have been extremely surprised if the few days that we had that affected the month that contributed to the softer overall comps would have caused it to be negative, but that did not happen. The wintertime, with storms coming through, it's always hard to kind of measure how the overall business is trending because these events can be so impacting the business. I can tell you that today, we are in the range that we gave for the quarter and we would expect that we would finish the quarter at least in that range.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So on a different topic, can you talk about the -- well, just want to think broadly about pricing and both on the West Coast and perhaps your top two growth markets on the new store side and how you think about your pricing, prices versus your biggest competition?
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think we're competitive. We're price competitive with our biggest competitors. We shop our competitors every day as they do us, I'm sure, to make sure that we're price competitive and we work hard on a wide array of SKUs to make sure the retails on our products are set competitively, trying to use various strategies to make sure we maximize our gross margin. On the commercial side, it's a little tougher than that because you have a wider array of competitors, and it's hard to find out sometimes what your competitors are actually selling a commercial customer for. But we have strategies that we use for that. And I would say that when it comes to full-service providers on the commercial side, that we're competitive with all of them and we look at that on a by-market basis, and we have very developed systems that are capable of setting our commercial prices and allowing us to manage our commercial prices on a by-market or a by-store or a by-customer basis. When it comes to some of the smaller competitors that we have in various markets, we call them two-steppers or undercar warehouses, sometimes these competitors can buy direct from sources in China and other countries on brake rotors and some of the primary major hard parts items, and they can be very competitive. And I would tell you that in some cases where we compete with competitors who are not full-service providers, we'll get beat on price in a certain category or two. But generally, if you looked at everything that we sell a customer, we're going to be competitive with anyone out there.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But you -- like there's not as if there are some of these growth markets, whether it's in new stores or West Coast, where there are some established competitors in there who are full-service providers who are pricing above you. That where you can take share from.
Gregory Henslee: No, I think there is that situation. I think that some of our major competitors on the more traditional side of the business, because of the type of distribution that they're in, many of them are subjected to three-step distribution so they're buying as a jobber store on many of the product lines and in some cases, they may be buying directly from a manufacturer. But typically and generally, some of those competitors would be under pressure to compete with us on price at our normal commercial pricing. So those competitors are yes, much easier to take business from.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So that's not like an Advance or a GPC or a Zone?
Gregory Henslee: Typically not, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Rifkin from Bank of America.
Alan Rifkin - BofA Merrill Lynch: A question for Greg, and then I do have a follow-up. In trying to determine exactly what the progression of revenues are from the $1.35 million to the goal of $1.8 million, would you maybe be able to shed some color on whether we should assume that, that progression is linear or if we look back at stores in the Upper Midwest or stores that were supported, let's say, by the Seattle DC, which were earlier in the program, how are those relative to the corporate average today?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, Alan. There's, of course, wide variation in the progression of individual converted stores. And as we've spoken to before, the stores that we converted first continue even in the fourth quarter of last year to perform the best from a comp percentage standpoint. Most of those stores were located in the center part of the country and they continue to do very well. And if you looked at the converted stores, you can just kind of follow track with the traction that the stores have relative to the amount of time that they've had post-conversion to adapt to our systems, gain traction with relationships with commercial customers and just all the things that would allow us to be successful with execution of our business model. So it's not nearly linear. It's very much weighted to the amount of time that the stores have been converted.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: This is Patrick Palfrey sitting in for Scott Ciccarelli. Looking at the 170 stores you have planned for 2011 and now that the DC infrastructure has been rolled out in the West Coast, I was wondering if you could update us as to your store expansion plans out on the West Coast and what you think your growth prospects are further down the road?
Gregory Henslee: Ted, you want to take that?
Ted Wise: Yes, Scott. We've got the last three years basically, we've been trying to get our arms around our present locations and the lease and just what our opportunities are. We've just added another real estate person in California. We've had two working on it. So we've got a number of stores in the pipeline. As a matter fact, we actually installed two new stores out there last year, and we relocated several. So we'll be ramping up the growth out there, there's no question about it. And there's also quite a few opportunities for relocations out of strip centers into prototype stores, so we're kind of addressing on both angles and really expect the West Coast to probably be in the range of maybe 25% of our growth for the next couple of years. The pipeline to get a store in, and if it's a build-out, it's going to be a little longer process out there from a permitting and construction.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: You gave a breakout on traffic versus ticket on the past sales, but I was wondering how you see those two dynamics playing out looking down the road.
Ted Wise: Traffic and average ticket?
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes.
Gregory Henslee: Well, we think our average ticket will continue to increase as we roll in more commercial sales since the commercial sales ticket is generally higher than the retail sales. So we would expect our average ticket to outpace our traffic by a little bit.
Thomas McFall: And in the mature markets, we would expect that to be what Greg said. In the CSK markets, because we still have such a -- not nearly the penetration we think we can get in those markets. We would expect ticket count to drive us in those markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Rifkin. [Bank of America Merrill Lynch]
Alan Rifkin - BofA Merrill Lynch: I did have a follow-up for Tom. With four DCs opening in 2010 versus none in 2011, were there any costs associated with the DC openings in 2010 that were expensed that hits your SG&A line that we won't see in 2011?
Thomas McFall: Well, our DC costs hit our gross margin line and the answer to that is yes. Opening DCs, we start with a staff that's not nearly as efficient as they will be when they're fully trained. In the case of the move from Dixon to Stockton, we saw duplicative operating expenses. So we view our distribution efficiencies as a source of gross margin improvement in 2011.
Alan Rifkin - BofA Merrill Lynch: Tom, would you be able to quantify what those were in the gross margin line in 2010?
Thomas McFall: Our distribution costs, as well as our competitors', is something we don't talk a lot about. But we see the opportunity for substantial improvement this year from a training standpoint. As we move forward and grow the CSK store volumes, we'd expect to see leverage on fixed costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin McGranahan from Sanford Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein Research: Tom, I was you asking about the progression of the capital structure and share repurchases. You used the term opportunistically, but it looks like you'll have around $300 million of cash. You're half a turn below the target, so that would imply you could have as much as a $500 million of debt. How opportunistic versus steady and how quickly would you think you'd want to get to that target ratio? In other words, should we expect you to be floating debt again in 2011 as you work toward that and buying back $500 million plus of stock here?
Thomas McFall: I would break that question into two pieces. To the extent that we have excess cash beyond our capital requirements, we will buy back shares. When we look at the debt side of the equation, we're going to be measured in how fast we come up to a 2x to 2.25x leverage, and we still have a number of opportunities to consolidate the industry. We will make sure we have enough dry powder to do that if one of those opportunities comes up. So we would expect over the next probably two years to walk up to that 2x to 2.25x.
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein Research: And should we expect -- looked like option dilution is about 3% this year and 3% last year. Obviously, a couple of really nice years for you. Is that a normal rate or is that elevated just because you've been performing so well?
Thomas McFall: Well we issue a number of options as part of our compensation program all the way down to store manager levels. We had quite a few options. And then historically, we've issued options on acquisitions. So we issued quite a few options to motivate our team on the CSK acquisition, which we feel has been a big contributor for us. So we'd expect it to be maybe slightly less than that.
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein Research: Greg, I know you're not going to give us comps by brand. And since you're not going to give them, maybe you can give us expectations. If you just think about your 3% to 6% outlook for '11, I would expect Commercial obviously, is going to grow faster than DIY, but if you think about the core O'Reilly stores, how would you think about DIY in those stores relative to 3% to 6% Commercial in those stores, relative to 3% to 6%, and then CSK as kind of a standalone relative to 3% to 6%?
Gregory Henslee: Well, I can tell you in our 3% to 6% guidance we're weighing the CSK's stores contribution as heavier than the -- or better performing than the O'Reilly stores. The O'Reilly stores this past year had good DIY and good commercial store sales growth. Really the comp percentage of those stores was pretty similar. The CSK stores, of course, the Commercial business grew faster than the DIY business. On a balance to consolidate a company, the Commercial business grew faster than the DIY business. So I guess what I would say is that without giving a number, we expect the CSK stores to grow faster. We expect the core O'Reilly stores to continue to do better than the industry in general. And we've been very pleased with the performance of the stores from a comparable store sales standpoint this past year relative to our competitors and relative to the different industry measurements that we have to try and gauge our market share in each market. And we would expect 2011 to be another good year for those stores, tempered from a comparable store sales perspective by the comparisons to the good year that we had in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG: In that progression from $1.35 million to $1.8 million, my assumption is that most of that growth comes on the Commercial side, yet you did mention having robust DIY improvement opportunities. So I'm just wondering, within that $1.8 million number, have you assumed improvement in both or would improvement in the DIY be upside to that?
Gregory Henslee: We're assuming not a lot of -- not robust improvement on the DIY side and robust improvement on the Commercial side. I think Ted's comment, and not to speak for Ted, but I think his comment is that there's a lot of DIY business being done on the West Coast and we feel like that we're not getting the share that we should have of that and that we have an opportunity to do a lot more business DIY than what we're doing today. And we're working via various marketing strategies and customer service strategies to try and take advantage of that. At the same time, we're working to execute the business model that we've been successful with in the central part and eastern part of the country with regard to doing the Commercial business out of the retail stores.
Ted Wise: Mike, this is Ted. My comment on the DIY is, as you may know, the CSK kind of retail book of business was very promotional driven, chemicals, oil and had a small amount of hard parts. Of course, that's based on the market. And they had pulled a lot of inventory out over the years so they had just really run their retail hard parts business down, and there's a lot of business out there for us to grow. Now it's going to take the brand becoming stronger out there, so it'll be a process to just build the O'Reilly Brand because they've got good suppliers out there to go to right now. So it's going to be hard work, but the opportunity there is pretty significant, I think.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG: As a follow-up, just want to follow up on the comment that some of the earlier conversion stores, Midwest continue to be the best performing stores. So are those comps in those markets and maybe in Seattle or the first West Coast market, are they still accelerating? In other words, are you still -- I guess, even the most mature markets, you're still sounds like not even close to where you eventually will be, on the converted CSK stores, is that a fair statement?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, it is a fair statement. They're still accelerating.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lasser from Barclays Capital.
Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital: One, what is driving that acceleration? Is it still layering in new customers or is it the existing moving up the call sheet of the existing customers? And just in case I get cut off, second question is new store productivity, the rate has slowed a bit over the last four quarters, what's impacting that?
Gregory Henslee: Well, to answer your first question, Michael, on the new customer versus existing customer in some of the earliest conversion stores, what I would tell you is that when put a commercial program in a store, we typically would go out and try to develop preliminary relationships with really every customer in the market; set of accounts, let them know who we are, what we do and start working to gain some of their business. So what I would say is that while initially, you would establish some relationship with all those customers in a given market, you wouldn't get business from many of them for some time until you gave it some work and developed a relationship. So it's a mix of new and existing customers that allow us to grow depending on how you characterize what's new or existing. For most part, all these customers are relatively new customers to us, but they are customers that, for instance, in the case of the area around Lubbock that we distribute to New Mexico and West Texas or Minneapolis, most of these customers have had accounts set up for some time, and we just incrementally gained traction with them as we've developed the relationship and kind of showed them what we're capable of doing. And then Tom, you want to answer the new store question.
Thomas McFall: On the new store productivity, when we look at the actual numbers, our new stores continue to do very well. When you look at the comparison to '09 -- in '09 we had some store closures for remodels, so periods of time from last year comparative to this year. So I think you've got that blowing around in the non-comp store bucket that's creating the appearance that they're not doing as well. But from our standpoint, they continue to do exceedingly well.
Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital: So would you expect it to revert to the historical 70% range in 2011 and beyond?
Gregory Henslee: Well, we would expect to continue to see solid results. We look at what's the actual productivity of the stores against our metric as opposed to the 70%. But not surprisingly, when we look at new store productivity this year, it was a good year for our industry. The stores that opened this year opened above our historical average. When we look at stores that opened in slower periods, '07, '08, we saw those stores come back up to what our historical growth rate would be. So it was a great year for our new stores, immature stores.
Ted Wise: Mike, this is Ted. A lot of the times, it's kind of the class of store as you grow in, and to open up a new market like the Southeast or the Upper Midwest. The first year to that group of stores might not be as open as aggressive as the next year, as you fill out a market and the brand gets known and you recruit better people and you just get more traction in a market. So it's a timing issue a lot of times as we roll out new market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: To follow up a lot of the questions with respect to your West Coast progress. As you look at the commercial build-out there and I respect you're in the early stages, do you see anything different that makes that market unique versus what the build-outs elsewhere in the country so far?
Gregory Henslee: Well, no, I think it's very similar. The primary difference is, is that the car populations in some of the West Coast markets are significantly different than some of the center, some of the country markets. Probably more similar to some of the East Coast markets where you have a higher population of import cars. The competitive -- the list of competitors out there are, of course, different. We, of course, have the national competitors that we would have in every other market, absent Advance. But we have different local competitors, small chains and two-step operations or undercar warehouses that are different competitors but operate much the same as the competitors do in the center and eastern part of the country. So I would say it's very similar, absent just some variations that we have in vehicle population dynamics that we deal with in various markets across the country.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I think someone else asked the question about the weather, and you obviously addressed the weather in your prepared comments but the question I have is, if you lost some sales in January, have you seen any evidence yet that the harsh weather has led to a sales boost here early in February as people had to fix cars?
Gregory Henslee: In the past couple of weeks, we've had kind of a good weather trend, just kind of an early spring in many markets. And when you have those trends, yes, you see a boost. You generally don't expect those kinds of boosts to sustain, but you always hope they will. But it's hard to look into the future and know what comparable store sales are going to do. But it's pretty easy for us to look back and see what happened with these major storms that came through and realize that they impacted business because people weren't moving. There were towns that, in many cases, aren't prepared to deal with as much snowfall as they got. They basically shut the town down for a couple of days. And we typically wouldn't have a rebound effect from those type of weather events because people just weren't driving their cars.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for question-and-answer. Mr. McFall, do you have any closing remarks?
Thomas McFall: Why don't I turn it over to Mr. Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Yes, I would just say that I again want to say thanks to our team for the great job that they did in 2010. We're really proud of the year we had and we're working hard in the first quarter to make sure that we finish with strong results in the first quarter, and look forward to reporting those to you once we complete the quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's 2010 O'Reilly Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Release Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall- CFO and EVP, Finance Greg Henslee - CEO Ted Wise - COO David O'Reilly - Executive Chairman
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital Steven Greg - Mandelin Research Kate Mcshane - Citi Investment Alan Rifkin - Bank of America Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Colin McGranahan - Bernstein
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carlene. I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the 2010 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines will remain on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. McFall, you may begin your conference.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Carlene. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the O'Reilly conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues, and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs, and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, including the acquisition of CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorist activities, war, and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the company's Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2009 for more details. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer, and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. I'd like to start off by once again congratulating team O'Reilly on the outstanding results. Our performance across all markets in the third quarter was very strong and we should all be proud of our performance so far this year. Especially impressive is the continued outstanding performance of the core O'Reilly stores. We have asked many of our more senior team members to take on the task of attending the CSK conversions and it has been the first couple of weeks after conversion training the converted store team members. Even with these distractions, our core stores have continued to gain market share and post very impressive comparable store sales gains. At the same time, the work that we put into these conversions is clearly very improved as we continue to gain market share in the converted stores. The strong comparable store sales that we have been able to archive in the converted stores have been the team effort, and every team of O'Reilly member should be very proud of the success we are having with these conversions. Our outstanding sales performance is the direct result of the incredible customer service levels we provide at each of our locations and I want to thank you for your commitment to providing the best customer service in our industry and to the continued success of our company. Before moving on to discussion of our operational performance during the quarter, I want to comment on the $5.9 million reserve we accrued in the third quarter to fund settlement of the legacy CSK Department of Justice issue. As discussed during our second quarter earning release, this investigation is related to the alleged wrongdoing at CSK Auto in 2006 and prior. As most of you know, we did not purchase the company until July of 2008. Part of our due diligence process prior to this purchase was of course, evaluating the exposure the company could have related to the alleged issues. After extensive work, we reached the conclusion that the actions of the Department of Justice and the Securities Exchange Commission would most likely stop short of penalizing or charging CSK based on the level of cooperation with the SEC and the DOJ, the merits of our acquisition, prior actions by the SEC and the DOJ, our track record of solid management, SOX compliance along with many other factors. As expected in March of 2009 the SEC determined to close the matter with respect to CSK without fine or penalty. With respect to the DOJ investigation, O'Reilly has continue to cooperate with and engage in discussions with the DOJ to resolve CSK's legacy accounting issues, and we have now reached an agreement in principle with the DOJ. Subject to final documentation, the DOJ, CSK, and O'Reilly will enter into a non prosecution agreement and the company will pay a one-time monetary penalty in the amount of $20.9 million. As you may recall we reserved 15 million for this matter during our second quarter this year and an additional $5.9 million reserve that we made this past quarter will resolve the matter. Now, onto our quarterly performance. We are very pleased with our performance during the third quarter. Business remains strong coming out of the second quarter and was steady at a solid rate throughout the quarter. These solid trends exist in pretty much all our markets across the U.S. and yielded a strong comparable store sales increase of 11.1% for the quarter on top of the 5.3% increase we had last year. Our continued strong comp performance can be attributed to several factors. The key contributor is very solid execution across all our markets. Our store operations and distribution teams are very simply doing an outstanding job providing incredibly high levels of customer service. This coupled with the ongoing effort we make in all stores to carry the right product assortment at competitive prices as well as the investments that we've made in our western distribution capability has put us in a good position. At the same time, our industry clearly continues to benefit from the tailwinds that have been present for sometime now. The average age of vehicles driven in the U.S. continues to increase as new vehicle sales are stalled, fuel prices have been relatively steady for sometime now and miles driven are back to solid incremental increases and to a lesser degree the dealership closures have redirected some of the service work that was being performed at the dealers to aftermarket shops. In the third quarter all the factors I have mentioned both internal and external coupled with favorable summer weather conditions culminated into a very good sales environment for our company. We're very pleased with our comparable store sales performance on both sides of our business, DIY and commercial. Yet as has been the case for sometime now our commercial sales continue to grow faster than our DIY sales as we have enhanced our capabilities in the historic CSK markets. To this point in the fourth quarter, we are very pleased with our sales performance, however; fourth quarter is always a difficult quarter to forecast comparable store sales. As winter rolls in sales can be lumpy from week to week and with unemployment still over 9%, I think it's reasonable to anticipate some slowdown in our business over the holiday season as consumers use their limited discretionary income for holiday activities. With this in mind we're going to leave our comparable store sales forecast at 4% to 6% for the quarter which would lead us to completing the full year with comps in the range of 7 to 8%. Adjusting for the non-recurring $5.9 million expense item I mentioned, we generated a 14.4% operating margin for the quarter. This is an all-time high quarterly operating margin for our company since going public in 1993 beating the record we set in second quarter this year by 20 basis points. The increased level of profitability is the direct result of the commitment all our team members have made to the profitability of our company through diligent management of our gross margin and relentless expense control while continuing to robustly grow market share. We're very pleased with our efforts on all fronts to grow our profits as we incrementally work to complete the integration of CSK. We are now on our 28th month of the CSK integration work that began with the acquisition in July of 2008, and I am very pleased to announce that we are right on schedule with the plan we put in place directly following the acquisition. We have now completed the distribution expansion in the Western half of the country with O'Reilly distribution centers now operating in Seattle, Moreno Valley, California, Denver, Salt Lake City, and Stockton, California. Stockton was our most recent opening and our team has simply done an excellent job at moving our operations from Dixon, California to our larger facility in Stockton and in completing the system conversions of the 274 stores that are supplied by the new distribution center. We are now in the process of closing down the facility in Dixon, but still have some duplicative inventory to work through and will do so over the next few months. This duplicate inventory is one of the contributors to the inventory growth we had in the third quarter. The final leg of the distribution and system conversions will be completed on November 7th with the system conversion of the Phoenix distribution center and simultaneous conversion of the 151 stores that are supplied by that distribution center. On that date all our stores and DCs will be operating on the same systems and we will be able to retire the legacy CSK systems that are being used in the unconverted stores. We will also be able to focus more of our efforts on execution of our business strategy in all the converted stores which will lead to continue success in gaining back the DIY auto parts market share these stores have sacrificed over the years and the growth of our commercial programs. With respect to the Phoenix DC conversion, I want to reassure everyone that we are very confident in our ability to perform a single weekend conversion of this size. We have done it before and have been doing conversions most weekends at a rate of 20 to 40 stores for sometime now. In 1998, we converted all of the 180 Hi/Lo stores we purchased in Taxes in Louisiana in one night, and in April 2009 we converted the CSK Detroit DC and 79 supported stores in one night. Both of these conversions were accomplished without service disruptions to the stores as we have a lot of experience with types of system conversions. Following completion of the system conversions, we will finish the last leg of the integration by completing the remaining store resets, renovation work, and re-branding. Ted will be reviewing this in detail in a moment, but I just want to reemphasize that we are on schedule with our plan and are very satisfied with our performance of our converted stores and new distribution centers. A lot has changed in a relatively short period of time for our team members in the acquired stores and we are very proud of the jobs, our teams, in both converted and unconverted stores have done adapting our culture values and our dual market strategy. Generally speaking, and as I have expressed through the integration, we are very enthused about what the future holds for our company. We very simply have a huge opportunity to expand our ability to execute our dual market strategy in many new markets and we now have ourselves in a position to do that. At the same time, we have several initiatives under way to improve our operations, profitability, and market penetration in all markets. Things like the implementation of retail price optimization software, enhanced E-commerce capabilities, incremental improvements to our inventory management systems, and enhancements to our point of sale system content just to name a few of the initiatives that we currently have underway. We also feel that the industry tailwind we have had for sometime now could be long lasting as consumers permanently change the behavior and gain comfort with driving well maintained vehicles at higher mileages. Again congratulations to all team of O'Reilly on the outstanding third quarter results. I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted Wise: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. To start, I would like to also thank our nearly 4900 O'Reilly team members for the absolutely outstanding results in our third quarter. Without question the general conditions for the auto parts business have been good. However, for our team to produce 11% comps defines a superior level of service, we are giving our customers, and the market share gain we are experiencing across the core of O'Reilly stores as well as our new conversion stores at West, also our 14.4% operating margin last quarter demonstrates our teams' ability to effectively manage both our expenses and gross profit. Most amazing, these results parallel with the work of various projects involving CSK to O'Reilly store conversion and the installations of our new distribution centers. We are proud of our teams above and beyond commitment to take care of our normal business while managing the integration of CSK into our company. We are anxiously looking forward to next year when we have the mini task of the conversion behind us. All the support we place on the west coast and our entire team can be 100% focused on growing our sales. Before commenting on our progress in the conversion work on the west coast, I will quickly summarize our new store expansion for the third quarter. We ended the quarter with 3511 stores, a net gain of 44 new stores. This brings us up to 115 stores year-to-date and on schedule to end the year at 150 new stores. Again an incredible accomplishment for our store expansion and installation team members, considering the additional work load involving the West Coast conversion and reset work that were outlined in net. Also we performed 11 major store innovations and relocated 4 stores into the new locations. In regard to our area of expansion, the stores were in 15 different states, Wisconsin and Ohio had seven stores each, Texas and Indiana received six stores and Michigan and North Carolina had four stores each. The remaining stores was spread out primarily in the south and southeast states. As I mentioned our installation schedule calls for another 35 stores in the fourth quarter, for a net 150 new stores in 2010. Our new store expansion plan for 2011 will be 170 new stores. Considering the amount of conversion and reset work on the west coast that will spill over into first part of next year, we will have a very busy and productive year ahead of us. Our real estate team continues to evaluate the conversion store leases and develop the stay and relocation strategy for our store group at west. We will also start a more aggressive new store growth plan in the west, now that the new distribution centers are opened and the stores are operating under the O'Reilly system and brand. Now to overview our conversion progress for last quarter. In the second week of September we officially opened our new 520,000 square foot distribution centre in Stockton, California. As Greg mentioned, it was actually a move from the smaller CSK distribution centre in Dixon, California. This allowed us to start computer conversions for the 274 Kragen stores primarily in the surrounding markets at a rate of approximately 40 stores per week. In addition to receiving new store computers and POA system, the store began nightly stock replenishment and daily access to the additional DC inventory coverage. To-date this was not only the largest distribution centre we opened, but also the largest group of stores to convert. We are now finished with the project and in the process of shutting down the old Dixox DC and redistributing the inventory to our surrounding distribution centers. The last phase of the distribution and store conversions will take place on November the 7th, when we convert the existing CSK Phoenix DC over to O'Reilly warehouse system and convert the 151 surroundings stores to O'Reilly systems. Unlike the other conversions as Greg mentioned all 151 stores will convert over the same week and time. This allows us to be totally off of the CSK computer systems by end of the year and start all distribution centers and stores under one reporting system in 2011. The installation of five new distribution centers, conversion of two CSK distribution centers to O'Reilly system, the conversion to nightly replenishment and installation of new store systems in all 1299 CSK stores will have been completed in approximately 2.5 years. This is an outstanding accomplishment that has involved a great deal of planning and execution across all areas of our company. We are also making good progress on the store reset. Now that the stores are finished with the computer conversions, more stores will be available on the reset schedule. We have completed almost all the individual store layout plans and have the new plans into the city for permits. We completed resets for over a 130 stores last quarter and will do an additional 190 stores in the fourth quarter. Our goal is to finish the store resets by the end of the first quarter next year, the exception being a small group of resolution stores and some that may be still be pending for many issues. Merely following the store resets to the O'Reilly core plan, interior dcor package and necessary remodel work follow. Our plan calls for all interior dcor and related work to be finished following the reset in the first half of next year. In regard to the actual backroom merchandise changeovers in the new retail planograms, this work has been ongoing independently at the physical reset. The backroom hard parts changeovers were completed by mid year and we are 80% completed without frontline changeovers with the balanced rescheduled in November, December and January. At that time, the stores will have the O'Reilly product mixed both hard parts and new retail planograms, even though a small group stores will still have the old CSK store layout. Our core branding advertising plan for CSK and O'Reilly brands have been going on for almost two years and has paved the way for changing the exterior signs. This task is well underway and so far we have completed sings conversions to the O'Reilly brand in approximately half of our stores. In addition, 180 stores will be installed as soon as the signs are received by the installing sign company. The balance of the sign surveys for the stores have been completed, bid sent out to sign companies and plan into the city. We expect to have the re-branding completed by the end of first quarter. Again, there may be a small number of resolution stores and perhaps a group of stores that still has permitting issues that will go into the second quarter. Following the sign conversions we are evaluating the rest of our exterior store in regard to pain and other image upgrade that may be needed and the appropriate work will be scheduled as soon as possible. To summarize the stores conversion task and projecting completion schedule, all computer systems and nightly replenishment will be finished by the end of this year. All inventory hard parts upgrades were finished this year. All out-front planograms finish by this coming January. Store resets finished in the first quarter, O'Reilly signs changes outs in the first quarter, and the interior dcor and the exterior work completed in the second quarter of the next year. Our store operations and sales teams are developing well as they've become more familiar with O'Reilly product lines, computer system, and all the aspects of our dual marketing plan. Our team members have been very receipting to the conversion task, introduction of the new POS system, the new store operational procedures and the physical resets going on in this store. Most important thing we are seeing a good sales improvement as we transition stores traffic from a more pure oil and accessories sales mix to include more hard parts to both the retail and professional installer customers. Improved store inventories and the access to additional inventory coverage at the hub and distribution center has and is playing a key role in growing our retail and install our business. Market driven prices is also helping us gain new customers as the customers realize that we are competitive now. An important goal of our print and radio advertising has been to build the O'Reilly image of having better parts coverage at every day low prices. The better inventory and better pricing has gained momentum as the stores are reset to the O'Reilly format and O'Reilly exteriors signs go up. On the professional sales side, we are very focused on building strong and experienced teams at the store that will result in a higher service levels. As stores convert to O'Reilly systems we are opening out more stores to delivery and implementing first call installer service counters to better service to professional customers. We are expanding our territory sales management team making more sales calls and developing stronger customer relationships with a wider group of both large and small customers. As we now transition from the CSK to O'Reilly brand and along with the improved inventory, market driven pricing, and higher service levels in the stores we feel our relationship in business with the professional customer will continue to grow for years to come. The O'Reilly culture is growing stronger everyday in our new stores on the west coast. Our team members are very happy to have the conversions and the inventory changes behind them and moving forward so rapidly with the interior resets and exterior sign changes. They are excited to be fully integrated in the O'Reilly systems and procedures and looking forward to continue to continue building our business. The core O'Reilly managers and team members that have spent time helping with the conversions and training at these stores have done a great job in expanding our O'Reilly culture as well as training in the O'Reilly procedures. We are now operating as one team moving forward. With that, I will turn the call back over to Tom.
Ted Wise: Thanks Ted. Now, we will move on to the numbers. For the quarter sales increased to $168 million, 13% over the prior year to $1.43 billion. The increase was a tribute to our $136 million increase in comp store sales and $30 million increase in non-comp store sales and a $2 million increase in non-comp non-store sales. For the quarter ticket average and ticket count contributed equally to a comparable store sales increase. The increase in ticket average continues to be driven mainly by mix as sales of hard parts which are typically carry a higher ticket accounted for a larger portion of the overall sales volume. For 2010, we are increasing our total revenue guidance to a range of $5.3 billion to $55.4 billion. Gross profit was 48.6% of sales for the quarter versus 48.5% in the prior year. The 10-basis point improvement was driven by improved acquisition cost and improved strength at the converted stores. These improvements were in part offset by de-leverage on the distribution cost which is a result of the new DCs coming online inconsistent with our expectations. Year-to-date gross profit stands at 48.6% of sales and for the full fiscal year we expect gross profit to be approximately 48.5% of sales. SG&A for the quarter was 34.3% of sales versus 36.7% in the prior year. Leverage and SG&A was of direct result of the strong comparable store sales. On a per store basis, SG&A per store is up 2.6% which allowed for strong leverage at 11.1% increase in comp store sales. Year-to-date SG&A improved 200 basis point as a result of strong sales and expense control. For the full year, we expect SG&A dollars per store to be up slightly from 2009 as we continue to see opportunities to more aggressively invest so SG&A can drives strong sales results. We anticipate that total SG&A for 2010 will increase approximately 5% to 5.5% over the prior year. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter which excludes the impact of the legacies CSK DOJ matter discussed by Greg earlier was extremely strong at 14.4% of sales, an improvement of 250 basis points over the prior year. This large improvement was a result of strong comp sales and tight expense control and represents a record quarterly operating margin. For the full year we expect adjusted operating margin to come in at 13 to 13.5% of sales. Net interest expense for the quarter was $10 million which is better than prior year by a $1 million due to lower borrowings offset in part by higher rates as a result of our outstanding interest rate swaps. For 2010, we expected interest expense to be approximately $40 million. The tax revision for the quarter in year-to-date was 38.7 and 39.7% of pretax income respectively. The tax rate was negatively impacted by the charge related of the legacy CSK DOJ matter which we currently did not anticipate to be tax deductible. Excluding this one time charge, the quarterly rate was 37.6% and the year-to-date rate was 38.2% of the pretax income which were both flat to the prior year. For 2010 we expect our tax rate as a person of pretax income to be approximately 39.5%. Included in this estimate is the 120 basis point one-time increase related to the non-tax deductible reserve to settle the legacy CSK DOJ issue. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.86 per share which represents an increase of 37% over the third quarter of 2009. For the year adjusted EPS of $2.37 increased 39% over the prior year. Moving on to the balance sheet, the average inventory per store into the quarter was $565,000 which represents a 4% increase over the prior year average of $543, 000. This increase is a result of our continuing efforts to have hard parts coverage to the stores and duplicative inventory as new DCs come online. Since the beginning of the year we've added 115 net new stores, 4 new DCs with one to close on the relocate to the (inaudible) DC. As a result, our total inventories increased $85 million. We remain focused on refining the inventory mix at the CSK stores and leveraging the new DCs to reduce the stocking depth at the Western stores. We expect our total inventory to not increase significantly through the end of the year despite adding approximately 35 new stores in the fourth quarter.  Our reserve for LIFO at the end of the quarter was $24 million which was an increase of $1 million over the previous quarter. This change in our last (inaudible) LIFO reserve did not have a material impact on gross margin for the quarter. Accounts payable of $943 million was 47.2% of inventory as compared to 47.9% in the prior year. We continue to work hard at increasing our AP-to-inventory ratio by improving our inventory productivity and improving terms with vendors. The capital expenditures were $92 million for the quarter, bringing our year-to-date CapEx up to $276 million versus 317 for the comparable period of 2009. For 2010, we expect our CapEx to range from $375 million to $400 million. As discussed in our last conference call, approximately $40 million of CapEx we plan to spend this year will be deferred into the first half of 2010 based on adjustments in timing of a portion of the front-end CSK conversions. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $41 million. For 2010, we expect depreciation and amortization to be $150 million to $155 million versus a 148 million in 2009. Total borrowings at the end of the quarter were $431 million compared to $704 million at the end of Q3 2009. During the quarter, we elected to permanently retire the final tranche of our ABL Facility which lowered our maximum borrowings to $1.075 billion. The $125 million tranche carried an interest rate premium of 125 bps. Even with the elimination of the ABL tranche we have $674 million availability at the end of the quarter. For 2010, we expect to reduce our total outstanding borrowings by $325 million and $350 million. As noted in our press release on October 1, the legacy CSK convertible notes became exchangeable and will remain so until the end of the fourth quarter. To date, $11 million have been surrendered for exchange. To the extent any notes remain outstanding; we continue to intend to call the notes in December. Our plan is to fund this with our existing ABL, which will still allow us significant financial flexibility. Now for some other financial information. Cash flow from operating activities for the quarter was $237 million, an increase of $101 million over the third quarter of 2009. For the year, cash flow from operating activities has increased 105% to $593 million. The improvement was driven by significant decrease in net inventory investment, higher net income and timing of payments of other liabilities. For the quarter, free cash flow was $143 million versus $50 million in the third quarter of 2009. Year-to-date free cash flow was $316 million versus a use of $28 million in the first nine months of 2009. The improvement was driven by the previously mentioned increase in cash flow from operations and a $41 million decrease in capital expenditures. We now expect free cash flow to be $250 million to $275 million in 2010, and we'll use any additional free cash flow to reduce our outstanding debt. Stock option expense for the quarter was $3.8 million compared to $3 million in the prior year. The increase was driven by the year-over-year increase in our stock price. For 2010, we continue to expect stock option expense to be approximately $50 million versus $30 million in 2009. To recap our overall guidance. For the third quarter, our comparable store sales guidance is 4% to 6%. For the year, we are raising our comparable store sales guidance to an increase of 7% to 8%. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance for the fourth quarter is from $0.56 to $0.60 on 142.3 million shares. For the year, our EPS guidance is $2.79 to $2.83 per share on 141.4 million shares. On an adjusted basis, excluding the second and third quarter charges, our guidance for the full year EPS on a diluted basis of $2.94 to $2.98. At this time, I'd like to ask Carlene, the operator to come back, and we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question will come from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Look, I know you guys don't break out CSK specifically anymore, but is there any color you could provide or a way to think about the impact that the commercial sales close at the CSK Stores has had on the overall company?
Greg Henslee: As I have talked about for some time, Scot, we're not going to break out our sales on a secular way like had done. It was confusing to many and it was just a small thing for competitive reason is another reason we decided not to do. I will tell you that the CSK commercial program is contributing significantly to our performance. If the converted stores in general, our oldest converted stores are best performing comp stores. What I am implying is that the conversions are working and that commercial business is a majority of the gain that we are seeing and comps in the converted stores. The longer the stores been converted the more traction that they get.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Given that the growth that we've seen in the commercial side, have we kind of reached a gross margin peak? Isn't there margin delta between commercial and DIY?
Greg Henslee: Yeah I think so. As we continue to grow the commercial business we will continue to put some pressure on our gross margin, but we have a lot of mitigating factors in our company that we work to maintain our gross margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: The first question I have, if you just look at the sales line articulated in your prepared comments a lot the drivers of sales but as I look at your sales and I characterize it was great in the second quarter to really great in the third quarter, an acceleration if you look on a two-year on your comps. Is there anything you saw that could explain the acceleration we've seen over the last few months in the business?
Greg Henslee: There's a lot of positive factors, all the macro factors that we talk about. Also at least in the third quarter we had what I would consider to be almost ideal weather condition to drive some demand on summer products like temperature control products and batteries and things like that. There's other macro factors are meaningful and those factors with the cars having more miles on them, the car is being a little older on average than what they were and people having made the decision to drive those cars for even longer than maybe they originally planned when the recession started, I think those factors are just continuing to build, but I do think we had some benefit in the third quarter just an unusually warm and dry summer in those markets which was good for us.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: The follow up question longer term in nature, you commented in your prepared remarks that you look at trends that you believe they maybe longer lasting. You talk a lot about the macro environment and obviously a lot of the very significant changes you made in your model with the integration of CSK, but is there something you are seeing specifically within maybe customer data etcetera it gives you the confidence this is more than cyclical type phenomenon, it's more of structural type shipment in the business.
Greg Henslee: I don't think we have any data that wouldn't be available to you just from a pure macro level. What we see that you don't see obviously it just the types of products that are being (inaudible) of the cars and we do really well on the repair parts, maintenance parts and in many cases the horse to hire mileage vehicles take. My observation has been, its observation is several in our industry is that the cars that have been built over the last 10 or years are generally higher quality cars what have been built in the years prior and because of that the enhancement that we are made by the OEs during the time to make the interiors last longer, make the bodies last longer, just make it more comfortable and presentable to drive at higher mileages. That is people, who have spent some money on maintaining these cars. They will continue to invest in maintaining them because they are not a cars that they don't want to drive. These cars many of them can be driven at over 200,000 miles without having major drivetrain issues, engine transmission, differential or transaxle and because of that people are willing to maintain the breaks and suspensions and ignition and the drivability components. What we will see is that the consumer behavior with regard to trading cars every three or four years a less than 100,000 miles. That maybe long-lasting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser with Barclays Capital.
Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital: On the leverage that you been seeing so (inaudible) a store was up 1.4% in the second quarter, almost 8% comp increase it was up 2.6% in the third quarter on 11% comp increase. The 300 basis point delta should we continue to think about the ratio of SG&A per store increases to comp increase. Its 1 for 3.
Greg Henslee: Tom, do you want to take that.
Tom McFall: Some of that is going to be a sliding scale on how high or low comps are. As we have talked about previously especially on the acquired stores, which have high occupancy cost, which is fixed. We have a tremendous amount of opportunity to leverage those sales with the existing expenses. When we started the year, we discussed that we thought that first store SG&A would be relatively flat not down a little bit. Obviously that was on a lower comp assumption, we have quite a few variable costs that will drive our businesses. We see more customers and but we still have a tremendous amount of fixed cost to leverage. For the remainder of this year, I would say Michael that statistic holds true, as we start to anniversary high amounts of leverage on sales increases. That's going to be a lower number, but we still have opportunity next year to be well above our historic rate.
Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital: This is my follow-up. Next will that flat SG&A per store fits in the mid single-digit range that holds true?
Tom McFall: We will give you the guidance on the next call for get back in the compartment.
Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital: Just a broader question, it seems that like part of the message you are articulating earlier this morning and in your analyst days that you are nearing, the end of some of the heavy lifting on the CSK acquisition. Now the focus turns organic growth and various improvement initiatives such as price optimization etcetera How much opportunity do you think there is to both on the margin and the sales side from some of these initiatives that you are going to now turn to given the renewed focus you will have?
Greg Henslee: Well, Michael we don't really know the full uncapped availability some of the things that we have not done yet. Although we have done some early tests things like price optimization and other things. It will be premature to apply a perspective number to what we can do in gross margin due to price optimization. What we can do sales wise to enhance, very solid program we have already with some additional things that we can do with our point-of-sale systems and ecommerce content and the transaction products and stuff like that. There will be positive. The things that over the last two and half years we probably would have already implemented some of these things, we not been so focused in resources tide up along the integration of CSK because they are things that are tested and work well and they have been used by many retailers and they are just opportunities for us. Now that we are going to have a little bit more time to focus on things we can do to improve our business outside of the integration at CSK. We will continue to report on these things, but that we would expect to be positive results from them based on our early analysis of test.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Greg - Mandelin Research: It's actually [Steven Greg] with [Mandelin Research]. A couple of things you guys mentioned earlier in the call, to enhance ecommerce capabilities of the big initiative in the organization. Can you provide some colors to what you guys are doing regarding that initiative?
Greg Henslee: Well, there is several things on ecommerce. We have been managing transactions with our installer customers for year before the internet was prevalent mainstream. We did transactions with our installers green (inaudible) terminals that we would setup. Over time we enhance that to internet based and now we have systems integrated in to the systems that they that will allow internet based transactions. Our efforts both on that front and on the retail front are to improve the content it's available to the customers. They can see more about our products, see more about the availability products, maybe schedule better the amount of time spent to take them to get our products on the commercial side and really just the things that you see some of the best ecommerce retailers doing. Like I said earlier, some of the work that we have doing on CSK is probably had us a little bit distractive from focusing on some of those things over the past 2.5, 3 years. We gotten back to focusing on some of the fundamental things that we feel are opportunities for us. Most of them revolve around content and integration in to systems that we want to improve. 
Steven Greg - Mandelin Research: Just a follow-up to that, are you steering people to buy products on your side or you just more using as informational source to get people to your stores? Second to that, are you guys building like mobile commerce, social commerce solution to gain more (inaudible) out there in the marketplace a lot of people to go on be an iPhone etcetera.
Greg Henslee: Yes, we will at some point implement mobile apps for access to our website. We want to do as much ecommerce business as we can. We would steer our customers to buy online, which we have sell in online for quite some time now both commercial and retailer side. As I said, yes, we would steer customers to do that, but we also do very well with our existing buy online, pickup and store or just the enquires that can take place on the internet particularly one of our local stores. We have enough stores in mini markets so that using an internet to do enquires, whether we have a product, what price, what it looks like, it's a enhancement to retail transactions, but sure we want to do as much as we can online, where a little bit hand tight when it comes to pricing in the internet, because we certainly want to price lower on the internet that will be priced on in our stores for local customers. We are working on some things there that might improve that situation too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kate Mcshane with Citi Investment.
Kate Mcshane - Citi Investment: On the last call you had said that in the O'Reilly stores and more established markets you are trying to grow retail and wholesale in hard part. Can you tell us where you are with this initiative in the O'Reilly stores and how this falls in to the equal to the went to outline today for the concerted CSK stores?
Greg Henslee: Well, I'll make a couple of comments and then Ted may have some comments that he wants to make this too. One of the things we talked about early on we acquired CSK it appear to us they gave us some of the core auto parts business that have been foundation for all of our operations and they given it up and exchange it for some of the import non-automotive accessory type products that, we really not (inaudible) one because we just have always done well in auto parts until our focus in auto parts in too. We don't feel as confident in the ability to have demand for those products without the support of ongoing large advertising spends and promotional support. Yes, our advertising efforts in the CSK markets are focused around exemplifying our ability to be a great hard part supplier at competitive prices and we're seeing much improvement in our hard part sales in those markets and we'll continue to do that. Of course to add to that typically what repair shops and commercial customers buy all these hard parts. Yes, we are doing very well there. That's our focus as to take these, is to continue taking these stores through a transition of this large portion of non automotive products over the hard parts. I feel like we've been successful to this point that we will continue to have more success with that as we continue to gain traction and the reputation for being a company that can supply auto parts and hard fine parts.
Ted Wise:  Yes, and obviously started by putting inventories in the store when we purchased CSK generally speaking their back room inventory was very, very poor on the majority of the stores. They had some larger stores of their installer business that had good hard parts inventory, but over time they had just, they had swapped accessories business for their parts business. Also the parts, the hard parts they did have they were at parity and they didn't have a very good selection of house brand, entry level product, good, better best concept. It's, it all starts with educating the customer because for many, many years their ads, all their print everything that the retail customer saw would indicate that they were more of an accessory house tool promotional house and now we got to more or less rebrand the company in the eyes of the hard core DIY customer, the ones that really buy the hard parts that what are the place to go for parts now and that we are competitive because again not only did they have very good inventories, what they had, their mindset was that they could be 10%, 15% higher than the competition. It's all coming along well. Again it won't happen over night. They've taken years to build that reputation. It will take us a while to build, rebuild the reputation to be a hard parts store.
Kate Mcshane - Citi Investment: This is a follow-up to (inaudible) in terms of the inventory then for hard parts at those CSK stores, where you want to be at this point?
Greg Henslee:  No, well, we have plenty of inventory and to the extent that I think we have too much inventory. We are working to adjust those inventories incrementally, but we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves on the adjustments because we still have a lot of untapped potential in those markets. We put these hard parts out there awful quickly and we use good systems and information to decide inventory to put out but in some markets there maybe has a population of customers that may be wouldn't be as inclined some of higher priced branded products we will be making adjustments over time in just our assortment of hard part products to better fit the markets and some duplication that may have in line now.
Ted Wise: The reason we maybe to some degree too many hard parts out to begin with because we didn't have our distribution centers in place and they weren't nigthly delivery service and now the all store being service nightly we have a hubs in place. (Inaudible) we can selectively go back fine tune the inventories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alan Rifkin from Bank of America
Alan Rifkin - Bank of America: Greg I certainly realized that the oldest checker stores that were converted easiest are performing the best. The various steps in the conversion process between the implementing the computer systems and putting the hard parts in the store and the plongrams and the resets what that various stages of course together with the exterior signage, what in your opinion drives the greatest incremental benefit once each of those conversion processes are added to the stores?
Greg Henslee: Clearly, its having the hard parts, that's the business we re in while our system faculty making transactions the way we wanted making electronic connections with the commercial customers and sourcing parts. We go like our planet ramps are optimized to do business the way we want to do business retail and the resets are just something that you have to do in retail to keep your store looking fresh because some of these stores were getting pretty weathered. Clearly having the parts on the shelf is what makes the most difference. Now to Ted's point earlier, from quarter retail perspective, once you have the reputation and customers form buying habits they're going to one of your competitors to get hard parts that's not an easy thing to break. We have incrementally improved that as we've owned the company and had better inventories and will continue to put our marketing advertising effort than to exposing that fact to consumers. That's something that gains momentum. As customers realize that we are in the hard parts business. Clearly that's the most impacting factor.
Ted Wise: Allen, this is Ted. Another thing that you didn't mention there and particularly on the wholesale side of business. As we addressed the staffing levels of each of these stores to make sure that we have professional parts people in the store that can handle installer business, that's a huge plus. I mean, you can have the parts but if you don't have the people that can sell the parts, you don't have enough people, the right people, you don't maximize your sale. That's an ongoing process that we're working. We had a lot of good people to start and we just need to add more people as our business continues to grow.
Greg Henslee: Allen, the other factor there is just distribution capability. We put inventory out on the stores initially to help the CSK Stores that didn't have good access distribution and they helped some, but not having overnight access and same day access to many stores to larger inventories is a big help, because the average stores have a little over 20, 000 SKUs and our DCs would have more like 120,000 and that access makes a big difference in our ability to allow. We want to hire good people and get people in the position that they can be successful but then also deliver to the commercial customers.
Alan Rifkin - BofA Merrill Lynch: It certainly is understandable that DC cost in the quarter was de-leveraged and that's a direct result of opening up five new DCs in a very short period of time. First of all, would you be able to quantify how much DC costs were delivered? Would it be fair to assume with Phoenix now opening in just couple of weeks, is the third that just reported point in time where your get maximum de-leverage on the DC costs?
Tom McFall: First, when you look at the amount of de-leverage it was less than what we would have expected or planned based on the DCs coming on line. When we look at where the maximum is really the issue for us at this time is team member training and efficiency of team members. We're confident in our ability to get back to where we've been historically on a percent of sales standpoint, which have a lot of new team members out there. As we ramp up these converted stores our emphasis is on making sure that if anything we're over servicing the stores and over time we'll be able to reduce that. I'd say this quarter was probably our maximum de-leverage as DCs are converted (inaudible) become more and more efficient.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: A lot of my questions have been answered but there is one that I want to focus on and that is sort of the seasonality of the fourth quarters. I guess some strange things happened in the past two years in terms of your sales in Q4 relative to Q3. As you think about the reality that we are in a somewhat more stable economic environment do you feel like what transpired last year and year before was symptomatic of kind of the economic chaos that we had more or less? Do you feel like in a more stable environment you can return to more typical seasonality? Are you making special plans with regards to the cost structure inventory as you think about your financial planning for Q4?
Greg Henslee: Matt, we hope that the factors you stated are right. We've experienced erratic sales in the fourth quarter for a longer period of time than just the recession due to holiday spending and the fact that the onset of winter can have and so forth. We're doing everything that we can to make sure that our fourth quarter is strong and it's a trend that we've had coming out of the third quarter continues. As we've seen, we've been surprised before following thanksgiving when heavy holiday shopping stocks and limited dictionary cash that consumers have start going elsewhere. We'll just have to see. It's always easier for me as it usually back at comps and make comment that how they plan disposal the [core] but we're hoping for the best but we're trying to plan as reasonable as we can. To your question about our resources for the fourth quarter, from an inventory standpoint, we really don't make much of a change there. Our inventory are pretty well set service the vehicle needs and the areas that they service and we just don't have that many promotional products that we push out seasonally that make a material impact. Now, labor payroll we certainly do make adjustments to that based on and those adjustments are made weekly based on our staffing system projections that we have out in the stores and they adjust for the business cycles we have season after season so, we are in good shape there.
Operator: Your next question comes from line Colin McGranahan with Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein: Do you have a sense of what you think your market share looked like in the quarter, I'd assume commercial was up nicely but any sense clear DIY versus commercial? What kind of share gain did you see?
Greg Henslee: I think we grew share in both. It's hard to measure the total market to know how much share we gained but I think we gained share on both sides. Both were good contributors to our growth. The do-it-for-me side, we've clearly taken a lot more share there than we have on the retail side just because we've put so much effort and capital into the commercial business had in the West stores and the converted Checker stores here in the country and the Murray stores so that growing. Yes, we are taking a lot of market share on the commercial side. I see some market share in retail both are performing but that I don't have a specific market share number for you
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein: Just a quick follow up, it's not that important but I'd be curious as to what the justification was from the Justice Department to fine O'Reilly shareholders $20 million from actions of previous management?
Greg Henslee: Well that's the next question I was asking. Their perception is that crimes were committed and there should be a penalty applied for that. While our perspective was there probably wouldn't be a penalty and our advisors felt like there wouldn't be a penalty at time of the acquisition it turned out that there was. We've now put that behind and its history. The fine is applied to CSK, but I can tell you I defended our shareholders' position as aggressively as I felt that could be defended. This is what we ended after a long negotiation, so are glad to have it behind us.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over for closing remarks.
Greg Henslee: Thanks everyone for your attention this morning. We were certainly proud of our performance in the first quarter and you can bet we'll be trying to accomplish great results in the fourth quarter and we'll look forward to reporting those results to you after the first of the year. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Gregory Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President Ted Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: William Truelove - UBS Investment Bank Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates Vincent Sinisi - BofA Merrill Lynch Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chantelle, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2010 O'Reilly Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Chantelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, we have a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and business strategies, expansion strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, including the acquisition of CSK Auto Corp., weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, for more details. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. I'd like to start off by congratulating Team OReilly on the outstanding second quarter results. Our solid performance and continued success across the 38 states in which we do business is the result of the commitment each of you has made to our culture values. Embracing these values has been the bedrock of our company's phenomenal growth over the years, and it's so encouraging to see that the way we do business continues to be so successfully ingrained in our stores and distribution centers across all markets. I strongly believe that we offer the very best service levels in our business and want to thank all of you for your hard work and dedication to the company's continued success.  Before moving on to the discussion of our operational performance during the quarter, I want to comment on the $15 million reserve we accrued in the second quarter to potentially fund settlement and related costs of the investigation of CSK Auto being performed by the United States Department of Justice. This investigation is related to the alleged wrongdoings at CSK Auto in 2006 and prior. As most of you know, we didn't purchase the company until July of 2008. Part of our due diligence process prior to this purchase was, of course, evaluating the exposure the company could have related to the alleged issues. After extensive work, we reached the conclusion that the actions of the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission would most likely stop short of penalizing or charging CSK based on the level of cooperation with the SEC and the DOJ, the merits of our acquisition, prior actions by the SEC and DOJ, our track record of solid management, Sarbanes-Oxley [Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002] compliance, along with many other factors.  As expected, in March 2009, the SEC determined to close the matter with respect to CSK without fine or penalties. In recent discussions with the DOJ, it's become clear that they feel a penalty against CSK is in order, and we've been working with them to reach an agreement as to the amount of that penalty. I know all of our shareholders, many of which were previously CSK shareholders, will have difficulty understanding how penalizing our company at this point could be fair and justified. All I can tell you is that I completely understand your sentiments. We're doing our best to communicate our position to the DOJ as we continue to cooperate with their investigation of these legacy issues related to the individuals that were involved. We hope our good-faith efforts will bring closure to these matters in the near future. Now on to our quarterly performance. I think it probably goes without saying that we're very pleased with our second quarter results. The strong business trend that began for us during the middle of the first quarter continued to the second quarter, and we continue to see solid sales results to this point in the current quarter. These solid trends exist pretty much in all markets across the U.S. and yielded a very solid comparable store sales increase of 7.9% for the quarter on top of the 4.8% increase we had last year. We attribute the continued strong comp performance to a combination of solid execution in both the core O'Reilly stores and the CSK stores, along with the help from the tailwinds that are present for the automotive aftermarket as we benefit from the reduction in new vehicle sales in the U.S.  This reduction in sales has contributed to increasing the average age of vehicles on the road in the U.S. to 10.2 years, up from 8.8 years just 10 years ago. This average age increase, along with the stabilization of fuel costs and increases in miles driven, has been helpful to our business as motorists focus on better maintaining these older vehicles in order to keep them on the road. These factors are, of course, mitigated to some degree by the overhang of high unemployment, but the net effect seems to bode well for the automotive aftermarket. Comparable store sales are always difficult to forecast, and we clearly exceeded our second quarter estimate of 4% to 6%. As I've already mentioned, sales to this point in the third quarter have continued on a solid trend, but we feel like it would be imprudent on our part to forecast same-store sales beyond the 4% to 6% range for the third quarter on top of the 5.3% comps we generated last year. So our comp store sales estimate for the third quarter is to generate comparable store sales in the range of 4% to 6%. And considering our performance in the first half of the year, we are increasing our full year 2010 guidance to 5% to 7%. Adjusting for the non-recurring $15 million expense item I mentioned, we generated a 14.2% operating margin for the quarter. This is a quarterly record for our company, and it's the result of our continued efforts on all fronts to drive the profitability of the company through diligent management of our gross margin and relentless expense control, while continuing to robustly grow sales. We're very pleased with our efforts on all fronts to grow our profits as we incrementally work to complete the integration of the CSK stores. This month marks the second anniversary of the acquisition of CSK. While there's been a lot of effort put into this integration to get us to this point, I think I speak for all of Team OReilly when I say it's been very satisfying work. It's been a pleasure for all of us to see these stores pull out of the negative comparable store sales trend that had been present at CSK for several consecutive quarters prior to the acquisition to generating positive comps for the first full quarter we owned them and every subsequent quarter.  It's been very satisfying to see our newest team members tell our customers that we have the part they need in stock or that we can get a hard-to-find fine part out of one of our hub stores or local distribution centers that same day. It's also been pleasing to see the stores gain momentum as they gain confidence and realize that they have all the tools they need to go out and develop strong relationships with the best commercial customers in their markets. There's no question that this integration has been a lot of work and that it's tested the strength of many areas of our company. We've come a long way in two short years we've owned CSK and are proud of success we've had to date and feel we're laying the groundwork for a very successful future as we complete the integration work and our dual-market strategy gains traction in these expansion markets. We continue to be pleased with the performance results of all the CSK converted stores. The Checker stores in the center portion of the country that are completely converted are performing extremely well, and the Murray [Murray's] conversions have clearly turned the corner and continue to make great progress. In the Western U.S., the converted stores are incrementally benefiting from the new distribution of service and inventory availability they have, and we're clearly establishing our company as a very capable supplier and partner to the commercial customers in each market. As we discussed previously, we see a lot of opportunity in the Western half of the country. We feel we're just scratching the surface on the amount of business we can incrementally do as a commercial supplier in many major markets in the West. We're on track with our integration plan and are looking forward to completing our distribution and computer system conversions before the end of this year, as previously announced. We also continue to make good progress with our store layout resets and sign changes. We still have a lot of work ahead of us in this area, and permitting in some of the Western states can be challenging, but we're making good progress. We're nearing the completion of the product changes we'll be making in the CSK stores. We completed the back-room merchandise changes quite some time ago, and we've now completed a good majority of the display area changes. The remaining display area product changes are still on track to be finished this fall, as previously announced. Ted will be reviewing more details of our integration progress and timing in a moment. Generally speaking, we remain very enthused about the future prospects of our business. We feel our dual-market strategy has proven over time to be the most effective business model in aftermarket retail. That said, we continue to work to refine and improve our operational execution and our ability to manage our inventory coverage, pricing, operating expenses and all other key aspects of our business. We also continue to feel that many of the changes we've seen in the vehicle population and consumer behavior with regard to better maintaining their vehicles will be long-lasting. White cars and trucks are being driven to mileages beyond what these vehicles have been driven in the past, and we feel consumers will, over time, gain confidence in the reliability and safety of well-maintained vehicles being driven at even higher mileages. Again, congratulations to all of Team OReilly on the outstanding second quarter results. I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted Wise: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Let me also start by saying thanks to our team for the sales and profit growth that O'Reilly accomplished in the second quarter. While much of our attention in the corporate office has and continues to be on the CSK to OReilly transition, the core O'Reilly's store operations, sales teams and distribution group are totally focused on our customers and managing our profitability. The results are very evident in last quarter's 7.9% comp sales growth and the increase in our operating margin to 14.2%. During the last couple of years leading up to the purchase of CSK, several new tools and systems had been implemented in the stores and DCs. Our new store-scheduling system, our store-based computer training, electronic sales call tracking, regional installer pricing and voice pick in the DCs are some of the key initiatives that have enabled our stores and DCs better and more efficiently service the customer. Of course, we know that key to our growth and success is the culture and the dedication of our team members. It's important that we also acknowledge all the team members from the core O'Reilly's stores who have been involved in the training for the CSK to O'Reilly store computer conversions and store resets. We have had thousands of team members volunteer and spend weeks at a time away from their families to help in these conversions. Needless to say, we couldn't have physically done it without them, and it has been an important part of replicating the O'Reilly culture out West to our new team members. Prior to discussing the CSK conversions, I would like to quickly update everyone on our second quarter expansion results. Our total store count increased to 3,492 with the addition of 24 new store locations. We closed two stores, one originally identified as a closure in our initial CSK review and the second that we chose not to renew our lease. This gives us a net 71 new stores for the year, which puts us on track to reach our goal of 150 net new stores for the year. Due to a late spring and late construction start dates on stores in the Northern states, about 10 stores that was originally scheduled in the second quarter was moved to the third quarter, which will result in approximately 50 stores in the third quarter. This will put us well ahead of our schedule going into the fourth quarter.  Our 24 new stores were spread out in seven states. The top expansion areas were: North Carolina with seven stores; Texas with six stores; and Georgia with five stores. We continue to concentrate much of our growth in the South and the Southeast states around and out of our new Greensboro, North Carolina distribution center, as well as the Atlanta, Georgia distribution center. We're seeing great improvement in store performance in both comp sales and new store sales as our store count increases and our OReilly Brand continues to grow in the Southeast. Now in addition to the new stores, we relocated three stores to new prototype buildings and performed 14 renovations in the core markets. For the year, this puts us at seven relocations and 26 renovations for the total company. We continue to evaluate and make improvements as needed in our older core markets. Now to move on to an update on our CSK conversion progress. As reported last quarter, our new Seattle, DC and computer and point-of-sale conversion of the 193 Schuck's stores started in December. The new distribution center in Moreno Valley and the surrounding 238 Kragen stores followed with their computer conversion in January. And in March, we opened a new distribution center in Denver, Colorado and converted the 85 area stores.  We have concentrated on providing good training ahead of the actual computer conversions, as well as having experienced core O'Reilly's team members in all stores following the conversion. This helped provide a smooth transition, but still understanding that the learning and total transition in each store would take time to be fully comprehended and become efficient on the systems.  The new O'Reilly system included point-of-sale and electronic cataloging, store operational procedures, inventory management and daily stock replenishment, which were all much different than what the stores have been accustomed to. We've been very pleased with the ability of the store teams to learn and adjust to the new systems and procedures. And most importantly, we were able to keep a high level of customer service. Our service levels will continue to improve with time and as our team members become better and more trained to do business the O'Reilly way. Now that the conversions are finished in these markets, we are moving forward with the changing exterior signs and doing interior layout and remodels. In May, and on schedule, we opened our new Salt Lake City 209,000-square-foot distribution center to service the 85 surrounding stores. It was a smooth opening, and all stores are up and running on O'Reilly's systems.  This September, we will be opening our 519,000-square-foot distribution center in Stockton, California. As you may recall, this is actually a relocation of the smaller CSK distribution center located 60 miles away in Dixon, California. This also involves the largest number of store conversions, 276 Kragen stores that are primarily located in Central and Northern California. We are currently installing store training systems, and the distribution center is on schedule to open. Immediately following the opening of Stockton, the closing of Dixon and the sell-down of the inventory, we will distribute the leftover inventory to other DCs. The last of the conversions will take place in the first part of November and includes the existing CSK Phoenix distribution center and the last 151 Checker Stores. The remodel of the Phoenix DC is well underway, allowing us to reset and make it ready to stock more parts and convert to our nightly distribution model. Store systems will soon be installed, and training started at the store level. This conversion will differ, somewhat, in that the stores will all convert on one night, and the distribution of these stores will change to a nightly replenishment over the following five weeks. This plan will allow us to finish all stores and all distribution-center conversions by the holidays, enable us to be off the CSK computer systems by year end. Based on our past experience and proper planning and preparation, we are very confident that this conversion will be successful. Now to recap the store changeover progress. To start, in regard to the products, all of the hard parts lines that we saw as our biggest priority are now finished. We do continue to fine-tune the inventory coverage in the individual markets as we open new distribution centers and reconfigure our hub-and-spoke store models. Also, as the stores convert over to a nightly replenishment, store-stocking models are being adjusted down. Now in regard to the out-front merchandise, as Greg mentioned, we are well past the halfway point of changing product lines and getting the new O'Reilly planograms out to the stores. We anticipate we will be finished in the first part of the fourth quarter. Our plan was to hold off on the out-front changeovers and balance the workload at both the distribution centers and at the stores. And again, knowing that our highest priority and biggest opportunity to grow the Installer business was in the hard parts line, our goal now is to have all stores changed to the new and updated O'Reilly merchandise mix and the new planograms set in the stores by this late fall.  The planning and execution of the reset of the store interiors and image upgrade is well underway, and we're making good progress. To redesign the various store layouts, order fixtures, draw plans and obtain proper city permits and then coordinate the projects around the distribution center and store computer conversions is a large task. We also have to factor in the terms of the lease and the possible relocations of certain stores. At this time, all store computer conversions -- at the time the store computer conversions are finished, we will set a final schedule that will finish the interior remodels during the first part of next year. This is a little behind our original schedule due to permitting issues that we have found to be so challenging and take longer in the California and West Coast markets. It is important, and I want to point out again, that all the CSK store planograms will be updated and refreshed by this late fall, which is definitely the most important part of the re-merchandising of the stores.  Now in regard to the sign conversions, we have reached the point now with our co-branding, advertising that we are very comfortable with moving forward with re-branding the stores' exteriors and signage. We are on schedule and planning to have new O'Reilly signage on most stores by the end of this year. Based on timing of permitting and acquiring landlord approvals, there will be small group of stores who will fall into the first quarter of next year.  Our advertising will transition from the co-branding format we are using now to the O'Reilly auto parts only during the first half of next year. We are using much more radio, as well as an aggressive print schedule to educate our customers on the brand transition. Our advertising theme and messages are designed to reinforce a competitive out-front accessory and chemical selection, but most important, create a new image of having good hard parts inventory coverage at competitive prices. We see a lot of opportunity to grow our sales with the retail customer in hard parts going forward. But it will take time to reinforce and establish this new store image. Now on the Installer side of the business. We continue to work at building customer relationships with very aggressive sales work in the field. We are using every tool we have in our First Call program to build these relation and most important, working very hard to improve the quality of service that we provide at the stores to our Installer customers. We experienced good results as our experience level grow within stores and our sales teams build stronger ties to the customer.  While we have made great progress this year, we are definitely looking forward to the time when the stores are totally and fully converted, distribution is in place and our teams are trained and ready to do business the O'Reilly way. There's been a tremendous amount of work in changes put on our West Coast team members. And in such a short period of time, we appreciate their great attitude, long hours and hard work and most importantly, willingness to accept and execute the O'Reilly program.  It is an exciting time for everyone involved to see and experience the success and most importantly, realize the future opportunities we have to look forward to. I will now turn this over to Tom McFall.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now I'll move on to the numbers.  For the quarter, sales increased to $130 million, 10% over the prior year to $1.38 billion. The increase was attributable to a $97 million increase in comp store sales, a $32 million increase in non-comp new store sales and a $1 million increase in non-comp non-store sales.  For the quarter, ticket average and ticket count contributed equally to our comparable store sales increase. The increase in the ticket average was driven mainly by mix. The sales of hard parts, which typically carry our higher ticket accounted for a larger portion of the overall sales volume.  For 2010, our total revenue guidance remains at $5.2 billion to $5.3 billion. Gross profit was 48.7% of sales for the quarter versus 48.2% in the prior year. The 45 basis point improvement was driven by improved acquisition costs, more favorable product mix and decreasing at the stores converted to the O'Reilly POS system, which provides more robust tools for managers to control shrink. These improvements were in part offset by de-leverage on distribution costs, which is the result of the new distribution centers coming online and consistent with our expectations. Year-to-date gross profit stands at 48.5% of sales. For the full fiscal year, we continue to estimate gross profit as percent of sales will be 48.1% to 48.4% of sales. While we've been very successful in growing the Commercial business, which typically carry a lower gross margin percent, the shift in mix of sales to more hard parts has helped us maintain our margins, and we now expect to be in the upper end of our guidance range. SG&A for the quarter was 34.5% of sales versus 36.3% in the prior year. The leverage on SG&A was the result of strong comparable store sales. On a per-store basis, SG&A per store was up 1.4%, which allowed for strong leverage on the 7.9% increase in comparable store sales. Year-to-date SG&A has improved to 177 basis points as a result of strong sales and expense control. For the full year, we expect SG&A dollars per store to be slightly up from 2009 as we continue to see opportunities to be more aggressive and investing in store SG&A to drive stronger sales results. We anticipate the SG&A for 2010, in total, will increase approximately 4.5% over the prior year. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter, which excludes the impact of the legacy CSK DOJ matter discussed by Greg earlier, was extremely strong at 14.2% of sales, an improvement of 224 basis points over the prior year. This large improvement was the result of strong comp sales and tight expense control that represent the highest quarterly operating margin in the company history. For the full year, we expect our adjusted operating margin to approach 13%, with variability being driven primarily by sales volumes. Net interest expense for the quarter was $11 million, which was flat with the prior year. The reduced expense from less-outstanding debt during the quarter was offset by a reduction in capitalized interest based on fewer major capital projects under construction this year. For 2010, we expect net interest expense to be approximately $41 million. The tax provision for the quarter and year-to-date was 41.9% and 40.3% of pretax income, respectively. The tax rate was negatively impacted by the charge related to the legacy CSK DOJ matter, which we currently do not anticipate to be tax-deductible. Excluding this onetime charge, the quarterly and year-to-date rate was 38.5% of pretax income, which was slightly lower than the prior year. For 2010, we expect our tax rate as a percent of pretax income to be 39.1% to 39.4%. Included in this estimate is a 90 basis point onetime increase related to the reserve settle the DOJ matter.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter was $0.81 per share, which represents an increase of 31% over the second quarter of 2009. For the year, adjusted EPS of $1.51 increased 40% over the prior year. Now we move on to the balance sheet. The average inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $553,000, which represents an 8% increase over the prior-year average of $513,000. This increase is a result of significantly increasing the hard parts SKUs stocked in the acquired stores and the addition of the Western DCs to our dual-market strategy.  Since the beginning of the year, we've added 71 net new stores and three new DCs, and our total inventory has only increased $19 million. For the remainder of the year, we will remain focused on refining the inventory mix at the CSK stores and leveraging the new DCs to reduce the stock in debt of the Western stores. Based on these 2010 initiatives, we continue to expect to only increase our year-over-year investments slightly despite opening 150 new stores and three new DCs. Our reserve for LIFO at the end of the quarter was $23 million, which was an increase of $10 million from the previous quarter. This change in our last vital [ph] LIFO reserve did not have a material impact on gross margin for the quarter.  Accounts payable of $855 million was 44.2% of inventory as compared to 47.2% in the prior year. In 2010, we expect our AP-to-inventory ratio will continue to be under pressure until year end as we work excess inventory through and out of the system.  Now for capital expenditures. They were $92 million for the quarter, bringing our year-to-date CapEx up to $182 million. For all of 2010, we are reducing our expected capital expenditures from $400 million to $440 million down to $370 million to $410 million. This reduction in CapEx spend relates to the adjustment in timing of a portion of the front-end conversions at the CSK stores, which Ted discussed earlier. We now expect this CapEx spend to occur in the first half of 2011. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $40 million. For 2010, we continue to expect depreciation and amortization to be $156 million to $160 million. Total borrowings at the end of the quarter were $584 million compared to $797 million at the end of Q2 2009. At the end of the quarter, we also had $647 million of availability under our existing ABL Facility [ABL Credit Facility]. For 2010, we expect to reduce our total outstanding borrowings by $200 million to $215 million. As noted in our press release on July 1, the legacy CSK convertible notes became exchangeable and will remain so until the end of the third quarter. Based on our stock price at the end of the third quarter, the notes could potentially be exchanged for the fourth quarter also. To date, no notes have been surrendered for exchange. To the extent the notes remain outstanding, we continue to intend to call the notes in December. Our plan is to fund this with our existing ABL, which will still allow us significant financial flexibility. Now for some other financial information. Cash flow from operating activities for the quarter was $185 million, an increase of $119 million over the second quarter of 2009. For the year, cash flow from operating activities has increased 133% to $356 million. The improvement was driven by a significant decrease in net inventory investment, higher net income and timing of payments of other liabilities. For the quarter, free cash flow was $94 million versus a use of $14 million in the second quarter of 2009. Year-to-date free cash flow was $173 million versus a use of $78 million in the first half of 2009. The improvement was driven by the previously mentioned increase in cash flow from operations and a $50 million decrease in capital expenditures. We now expect free cash flow to be $150 million to $200 million in 2010, and we'll use these funds to reduce our outstanding debt. Stock option expense for the quarter was $3.8 million compared to $3.6 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by the year-over-year increase in our stock price. For 2010, we continue to expect stock option expense to be approximately $15 million versus $13 million in 2009. To recap our overall guidance, for the second quarter, our comparable store sales guidance is 4% to 6%. For the year, we are raising our comparable store sales guidance from an increase of 4% to 6% to an increase of 5% to 7%. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance for the third quarter is from $0.69 to $0.73 on 142.3 million shares. For the year, our EPS guidance is $2.64 to $2.74 per share on 141.1 million shares. On an adjusted basis, excluding the DOJ matter, our guidance for the full year adjusted diluted earnings per share is a range of $2.75 to $2.85.  At this time, I'd like to ask Chantelle, the operator to come back, and we'll be happy to answer your questions. Chantelle?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from the line of Gary Balter with Crdit Suisse.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG: The question is your stock is in this position now where people are saying, "Hey, you've had really strong results to date. But now, it's tougher comparison." We look at it and say you're just starting off some of these conversions and there's so much opportunity to go forward as you convert. I'm not asking you to detail out Seattle, but could you kind of walk us through how, if you went back, because that's your oldest one, kind of how the process works? You make the change. How long does it take until you really start having a penetration with the customers? And then in your mind, is this a multi-year process? Is this like one big year of catch-up, and then it's back to regular comps?
Gregory Henslee: Gary, my opinion is that it takes time and it happens incrementally. The commercial customers in every market or at least we've not found any that were really underserved, most commercial customers have a supplier that's doing a reasonably good job. Our effort once we convert is to go out and convince those customers that we can do a better job, and you don't get that opportunity, first try. And sometimes that opportunity happens incrementally and over time, and that's probably the case most of the time. And in this case, we're working varying stores to new systems, new product lines, new methods of inventory availability, the need to look up parts and paper catalogs for heavy-duty applications and a variety of things that have been the nature of the more traditional aftermarket for years. My comment would be that this is a multi-year process. But we immediately get pretty good results following the conversion once everyone gets used to the systems and so forth. It's just by virtue of the inventory availability. But for us to fully maximize this opportunity, it's a multi-year process.
Ted Wise: Gary, this is Ted. You also remember that stores are really doing a nice retail volume to start with too. So it's going to be a growing process in that store to build the right team to go after the Wholesale business. And as Greg mentioned, they're being taken care of by someone now. And since it is a relationship basis, sometimes the best business takes a little longer to earn because you want to make sure you can keep it.
Gregory Henslee: And then something else I want to add, Gary, is that once we start having success in the Commercial business, it gains momentum. A lot of these commercial customers watch their competitors, and they see who they're buying from, and they see good results so they talk to them. They have a little associations in towns where they talk some, and you'll probably, some of the -- well, the first stores that we converted, these Checker stores in the center part of the country, I can tell you that they have really established themselves now as solid commercial providers, and we're doing really well in the Commercial business. Seattle follows behind that, and I think that we're pleased with all of the conversions that we've done considering the time that's elapsed from the point of conversion. And I think they'll all kind of fall into similar patterns as these original conversions over some period of time.
Gary Balter - Crdit Suisse AG: Have they followed pretty much the way you expected it in terms of your ability to capture those customers? Has it been faster, slower, more expensive?
Gregory Henslee: It's certainly not more expensive. I think that it's hard to know and it varies by market, and a lot of it depends on just the guys you have running the operation in a particular store and district and region, that I would say that it's met our expectations. I think that we would have expected that we would have had solid results as a result of the conversions, and we've had solid results. Would we like it to be just crazy better? Yes, we want to do as much business as we can. But I think that we're directly on path with what we would have expected as we converted these stores.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kate McShane with Citi Investment.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc: Can you give a little bit more insight into what is driving the stronger-than-expected growth in your hard part sales? I know you guided that gross profit margins are going to be at the higher end of your guidance range as a result of this. But was wondering if you expect similar level of hard part sales going forward for the back half of the year, or if it's really from just the strength you saw this quarter.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think the things that we're fundamentally doing are going to drive more hard part sales in the Western stores, in the core O'Reilly stores and our more established markets. We're trying to grow both our Retail and Wholesale business, both in hard parts and in display-area merchandise. In the Western stores, we feel like we have more upside and more opportunity to grow in the Hard Parts business simply because CSK really was not a very good hard parts provider. Of course, when the Auto Parts business, that they were not nearly the robust hard parts provider that we are. So we think that we'll continue or at least we hope, that we'll continue to perform well in these hard parts lines as we grow it both in retail and we grow in commercial, which the commercial comes at a little bit less gross margin than does the retail. But we're hopeful that we'll be successful in establishing ourselves as a destination for the retail customers for hard parts. As Ted mentioned, that's what our advertising efforts are doing. And to the extent we're successful doing that, we mitigate, to some degree, the effect that the roll-in of more Commercial business has on our gross margin rate.
Kate McShane - Citigroup Inc: So the main difference then between your comments on the gross profit margin rate from last quarter to this quarter were you had emphasized that it might come in at the lower end of the range, but now you're saying it could come in at the higher end of the range is because of the success in the hard parts. So that is contributing to your business faster, I guess, than you had originally expected?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, I think that's correct. And our plan would be, like I said, that this wouldn't be a single-quarter issue, that this will be something that we could sustain long term as we establish ourselves as a good hard parts provider to retail customers.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You pointed out obviously, that your second quarter margin was the strongest margin in the firm's history, and that was the case by ballpark, 100 basis points. And if you look at your guidance for the remainder of the year, you still have a very good quarter relative to your long-term track record, but by a much lesser degree. Would there be any particular reason why the, I guess, kind of profit level relative to history would recede? Or would you just attribute that to conservatism about the environment?
Gregory Henslee: Matt, the operating margin for the second half of the year, obviously, is projected lower than the first half, and that's directly related to lower expected comps. So it's more a leverage issue, so we're pretty comfortable with our gross margin estimates for the second half of the year. And as you know, we are diligent in controlling expenses, and we'll, of course, focus on that to the extent that our comp store sales are above our guidance. We're going to see better operating margin results.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then as a follow-up, Tom, you mentioned gross margin just a couple of the moving pieces within that. I guess where are we in terms of incremental buying synergies? And then what do you expect of the cadence of distribution leverage or deleverage to be as you work your way through the introduction of new distribution capacity?
Gregory Henslee: I would say that we are -- have all of our buying synergies included. We'll continue to try to work on lowering our acquisition costs and becoming more efficient. That's just part of the business. On the second part of your question on distribution, I would say, we're at the most inefficient right now that we will be. Over the next year, we'll continue to get more efficient. We still have two DCs to convert, although, they're not additional incremental DCs. So really, over the next year as we train our team members, we're going to become more and more efficient.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: How would you quantify the opportunity as those distribution costs decline as a percent of sales? Is that 100 bps over time or something less than that?
Gregory Henslee: Something less than that.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of William Truelove with UBS.
William Truelove - UBS Investment Bank: Do you anticipate, into next year, also probably having a higher advertisements on the West Coast related to the converted stores? And just to educate the consumers, if so, could that result in maybe slightly or less leveraging on the SG&A line for maybe the next four or five quarters?
Gregory Henslee: When we look at our advertising, we have some additional advertising that's being done out West to augment what the standard O'Reilly program is. We're in the process of converting over a customer on the West Coast that was used to seeing a lot of hot prices and circulars. And that's how CSK drove traffic to more of an everyday low price. We are priced right everyday, and we have the parts in stock system. So we don't anticipate seeing tremendously more advertising expense. There still exists a few contracts that CSK was big baseball sponsor, they did some races. And as those contracts come up, we look at rationalizing those with our other national media exposure.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: The question I have and then a follow-up has to do with just sort of the conversion and some of the benefits you're seeing. Tom, on the call, you actually discussed in your prepared remarks shrink in some of the benefits you're receiving as a result of the systems conversions. Can you maybe differentiate or quantify some of the benefits you're seeing and then how different CSK was from a shrink standpoint versus a core O'Reilly store?
Thomas McFall: In general, the O'Reilly system works very hard at managing inventory. We have a very high level of accountability for the store manager with his inventory, both from a shrink dollar instance [ph] standpoint to replenishment standpoint. If the perpetual isn't right, they're not going to get replenished right, and they can't optimize their sales. So our system is built with a lot of tools to manage the perpetual inventory and make sure it's right. And identify opportunities to reduce shrink. So there was a pretty marked difference in the shrink amount between O'Reilly and CSK. As Ted talked about, it's a training issue, and we've seen great improvement in the stores that have converted. But there's still opportunity out there.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And then just on the follow-up, I noticed that the rent expense was actually down year-over-year, even though it seems like you're growing and expanding. Is there something that you're benefiting from, as well, from a conversion standpoint? Or are you owning more properties? And can you just maybe help me understand a little bit why that would be actually down?
Ted Wise: Well, first of all, we're going through all the CSK leases and doing everything we can to A, renegotiate leases as we get close to the end of the term or look for relocation sites and move to better sites that had less rent, and that's working pretty good. I mean, it's the right timing I think. Even on the West Coast, the real estate is not quite as high. And then in our core market expansion, the new store we're putting in now, we're finding some pretty reasonable property acquisitions out there to buy and build as well as some fair-priced lease spaces. So I think those conditions are good for expansion right now.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: So does it sound like in both the benefit of the gross margin from shrink and the benefit to the SG&A from leasing and rent expense? Are those, I guess, sustainable lease for the next several quarters?
Ted Wise: We think they are, yes.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG: I'm just wondering if you can talk publicly about what you think the average sales volumes can ultimately be in the acquired stores relative to the core O'Reilly stores that do, I think, about $1.5 million or $1.6 million. And then the follow-up I guess would be if you can provide that number, how does that break down between commercial and DIY? And would that be indicative of what you're seeing in the Checker stores in the center of the country?
Gregory Henslee: Well, Mike, the core O'Reilly stores, the stores that we had prior to the CSK acquisition, many of those stores are stores that were put in as part of our incremental growth from our very young small company, are put in rural areas at very low rent rates or occupancy expense, many of them we own. Many of those stores operate below our $1.5 million O'Reilly average. If you look at the stores that are in the metro areas, in Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth and some other big metro areas, our average is much higher than that. The way we view the CSK stores, which most of them are in more metro-type areas, is that those stores could eventually do the volume that we do in our metro stores, which is at minimum, $1.8 million. And really, that's what we're targeting with an average on these stores is about $1.8 million over time. So yes, we think that over some period of time, we can get them to $1.8 million. The business mix out West will be a little bit more slightly towards the DIY sites and some of the locations approximately, I'd say, 10%, 15% are in locations that are much more conducive to doing Retail business than they are doing a combination of business. Although we'll do some Commercial business out of pretty much all locations, there will be some that will be much more conducive to the Retail business. So I think the business mix will continue to be dominated out West by the Retail side. But we'll add -- most of the growth will come on the Wholesale side or the Commercial side.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank AG: And any time frame on that type of $1.8 million?
Gregory Henslee: Well, we're working as hard as we can to get there as quick as we can. I would say, Tom, what would you guess? 2013, something like that?
Thomas McFall: Yes, I think we'll look at probably four years after converting to our systems and getting five-night-a-week delivery to build the Commercial business.
Gregory Henslee: Yes.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Alan Rifkin with Bank of America.
Vincent Sinisi - BofA Merrill Lynch: This is Vincent Sinisi in for Alan. My question is if you can give us an update in terms of the number of additions to the commercial sales force? And then it sounds clearly and certainly, in some of the earlier converted markets that the Commercial business has been beginning to ramp up for the CSK stores. Any update, at this point, to your forecast synergies for the overall integration? I know originally, it was 100 up to 125. Any updates there?
Ted Wise: Well, let me answer the commercial sales force. We really haven't increased the sales force headcount that much out on the West Coast. I checked with the sales department the other day, and we're up probably about 10% on TSM, territory sales managers. Where we really put more investment in is the management of how they perform the job, and we basically doubled the number of regional sales managers to manage, I think it's right at 200 TSMs right now. And like they had four sales manager covering those 200, and we've gone to like eight to nine. And their goal was to more closely manage the productivity of the type of customers they call on and more accountable sales call schedule, plus our TSM commission schedule is quite a bit different than what CSK had, which really makes them much more focused on growing the business. So from the manpower out in the field, I don't think we've increased the dollars of salary out there. But we've definitely increased the productivity and accountability of the type of customer they call on and how they interact with the store based on building good service levels, and not necessarily going out there and selling price, but selling service and being competitive at the same time.
Thomas McFall: On the second part of your question on synergies, we're comfortable with the last number we gave, the ultimate synergy number. As we get further and further away from the acquisition and businesses integrate and normal activities occur with SG&A and with gross margin as we continually always try to improve that, it's hard to track down a specific synergy number. We're comfortable we achieved the last number that we gave out.
Vincent Sinisi - BofA Merrill Lynch: As you're looking toward advertising for next year, taking into account slightly higher for the West Coast markets, do you have a target in terms of percentage of sales, as well as the breakdown between the radio and the print?
Thomas McFall: Well, we go through an extensive process in the next couple of months of every year, when we look at how we want to spend our advertising dollars, where we think we can get a bang for the buck, what we think the appropriate amount to spend is given the current business trends. So that's still on the planning stage. We're going to be somewhere, give or take, around 1.5% of sales, is typically what we spend on advertising, with half of our business being in the Commercial side. Our sales force is really our advertising and marketing tool there. So that's a little different than if we are a full retailer.
Ted Wise: And in regard to the radio and the print, I think Tom mentioned earlier, CSK was primarily print and newspaper, and a very expensive way to advertise. We've transitioned to print and fliers, which covers a lot more head of the households, and we moved a majority of what they were spending in print over to radio, which we think is very effective. CSK did a limited amount of radio, and we're doing quite a bit comparable to what we do in our core markets.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Dan Wewer with Raymond James.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates: Tom, I want to follow up on the guidance, particularly for the third quarter. Looking historically, quarterly earnings went back to 2003, and typically, your third quarter and second quarter earnings are almost identical. The only one exception was the year that you bought CSK. Therefore, the third quarter guidance of $0.69 to $0.73 looks a bit off compared to the $0.81 achieved in the second quarter. And I heard your answer earlier that the margins could be under pressure, same-store sales were to weaken. But it sounds like your sales are off to a great start. Margins are actually at the high end of the plan.
Thomas McFall: Well, I guess what I'd tell you, Dan, is that we achieved 7.9% comps in the second quarter. Our guidance for the third quarter is 4% to 6%. If we exceed that guidance and put up another 7.9%, our operating margins would look similar, and our EPS would be similar. So it's really the sales volume question.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates: But you're thinking that just a 2 percentage point change in comp sales growth could impact earnings per share by as much as $0.07 or $0.10?
Thomas McFall: It's a significant amount. It wouldn't be quite that much. That would be the upper end of our range, but it would be meaningful.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates: And then just as a follow-up on the strength in sales for O'Reilly and really your entire sector. One quarter ago, there was speculation that the ramp up could be reflecting a favorable change in winter weather. It could be reflecting earlier receipt of income tax refunds. We've cycled through that. Are we now thinking that we're at the tipping point where the aging of vehicles and fewer cars under manufacturers warranty, that's really beginning to kick in terms of the industry top line growth?
Gregory Henslee: Well, like I said in my prepared remarks, it seems as though our industry is undergoing a pretty sustained period of solid demand for us, and I think this has been reflected in some of our competitors' comments. Around the 1st of February or middle of February, business picked up and based on our experience, it is sustained that better pace to this point. In our first quarter comments, we reflected on the potential for pent-up demand because of the softer fourth quarter and what generally happens in a period of recession with consumer spending around Christmas and trying to defer things that they can defer in order to have money to spend on the holidays. It appears as though we weathered that, and the trend that we're on is the result of some of the very clear dynamics that we can see in the vehicle population with regard to the vehicles getting older, the new vehicle sales continuing to be at levels less than they had been in prior years. And then, of course, gas prices seeming to stabilize and miles driven increasing, all those things add up to a pretty -- and based on our results, add up to solid demand for the aftermarket.
Daniel Wewer - Raymond James & Associates: And I agree, it doesn't make sense to publicly forecast comp sales growth of 8%. But it does sound like you're thinking this ramp up is more secular, not cyclical.
Gregory Henslee: I do, but we've been surprised before with comp stores sales changing abruptly. We've not experienced that this year, but that could happen. We have to remember that new unemployment is, I think, the last time I looked it was 9.6%. That's a high rate. And I just don't see anything on the horizon that's going to change that anytime soon. So there are a lot of people out there that are strapped for cash. And that being the condition, it's hard to project or be real aggressive on our projection of comp store sales. And then also, the effect that fuel prices could have. If fuel prices were to spike with maybe a hurricane or all the different things that could potentially happen that can drive fuel prices, a fuel-price spike, clearly affects consumer spending on other items and can affect miles driven.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Jack Wells [ph] with Focus Research.
Unidentified Analyst: I was very impressed with the 1.4% SG&A increase per store. But I was wondering how that was done considering that you have sales commissions, I assume, that go up in line with the 7.9% comp in sales. And since sales commissions are a big part of your SG&A, I wonder if you could break out, I guess, the non-commission related SG&A and how that is being so well-controlled.
Thomas McFall: We're hesitant to break out our store expense line. But obviously, as mentioned earlier on the call, the Real Estate group has done a great job of controlling our rent and we do see fluctuations in our payroll from the commission. But we're also seeing as better utilization of payroll and how we staff the stores out West to make sure that we have a pyramid-type wage scale, and we are appropriately leveraging people in the West Coast. And we continue to work hard at the CSK stores to bring the same expense control discipline that we've had at the O'Reilly stores for a long time.
Gregory Henslee: Jack, just to kind of add to Tom's comment, the most impacting factor probably is just measuring the sales results of individual performance. One of the things that I feel like we've always been good at and we've been successful with is creating a competitive environment in a store with regard to sales performance of individuals. CSK didn't do that, and that really ensures that each individual carries their weight so to speak from a store operating expense standpoint. And while we've not done everything we'd like  to do in that regard, we'll complete that over time. But we have seen good results with what we've done so far.
Unidentified Analyst: When it comes to the expenses involved in the entire CSK conversion, do you have a number of what that number amounts to, and how much of that would be saved going into 2011?
Thomas McFall: To kind of wind back to 2009 and to talk about 2009, 2010, together, Jack, the cost that in our physical assets, get capitalized, what we have incurred costs on the payroll line in 2009, a lot of store hours to reset the hard parts. This year, hours to reset the front end and hours for training on conversion. So that's an opportunity going into next year to recycle that payroll to other tasks, and ideally, it's to drive more sales volume, so that we get the bang for the buck. Otherwise, we'll take those hours out. I can't quantify for you specifically, but it's a reasonable number that we spent in both years through store payroll.
Unidentified Analyst: So you're saying that the hours you're going to spend on payroll in 2011 might be similar to the conversion hours you spent in 2010?
Thomas McFall: Well, how many hours we spend will depend on what the sales volumes are. But I'm saying that there are tasks that we won't do in the second half of 2011 that we've done in the last two years and have hit our payroll line.
Gregory Henslee: So start having some benefit from this in the latter part of the first half and the second half of 2011.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Gregory Henslee: Okay. Well, I would just, in closing comments, say, thanks for everyone's time. We look forward to reporting our continued progress with the integration of CSK in October along with our third quarter results, and thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. And this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall  EVP, Finance and CFO Greg Henslee  CEO and Co-President Ted Wise  COO and Co-President
Analysts: Tony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets Alan Rifkin  Banc of America Stephen Chick  FBR Capital Markets Dan Wewer  Raymond James & Associates William Truelove  UBS Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets Mark Becks  Longbow Research Christopher Horvers  JPMorgan Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the OReilly Automotive first quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. McFall, you may begin your conference.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, Id like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protections of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements, discussing among other things expected growth, store developments, integration and expansion strategies, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses including the acquisition of CSK Auto Corporation, weather, terrorists activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factors section of companys Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 for more details. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Tom. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer; David OReilly, our Executive Chairman is also present. I would like to start off again by saying thanks to all our dedicated team members who work so hard each and every day to make sure our loyal customers receive the very best service in our business. This past quarter was an outstanding quarter for team OReilly, and I want to recognize each and every one of you for the great job you are doing, taking care of our customers, and systematically working us through the integration of CSK. Clearly, we have a very bright future ahead of us as we complete this integration and focus on expansion and executing our dual market strategy coast to coast. Congratulations to all of you on the great performance in the first quarter. Looking back to our fourth quarter conference call, it is clear that we underestimated the amount of demand that was pent-up as a result of the relatively soft sales our industry experienced for much of the winter. As I mentioned on the call, we attributed the softness in the fourth quarter to the continued strain the economic conditions in the US has placed on consumer budgets. We believe this was amplified during the holiday season has many spent their discretionary cash on guests and holiday activities and deferred spending on auto repairs that didn't need absolute immediate attention. Comparable store sales are always difficult to forecast, and weve once again proven that sales trends can change relatively quickly. As you know, we were forecasting consolidated comparable store sales in the 2% to 4% range for the first quarter. As it turned out, early spring weather arrived in many markets, and sales in the last half of the quarter accelerated dramatically and we were able to generate a robust 6.9% growth in consolidated comparable store sales for the quarter, on top of comparable store sales increase of 5.7% in the first quarter of 2009. As previously mentioned, the fourth quarter of last year was the last time we were willing to disclose the details of our comparable store sales by store type. From this point forward, we plan to provide only our consolidated total company comparable store sales performance. However, I do want to reflect and add some color to our comp store sales performance for the quarter. The stronger trends we saw in the last half of the quarter were present in the majority of our markets across the country. We saw retail traffic in our stores and our installer business picked up significantly. Again, I relate some portion of this strong increase in business to maintenance and repairs that were deferred last winter and with the early spring weather we benefited from this pent-up demand. It would be very difficult for us to forecast the expectation that sales will continue for the full second quarter at the strong pace we saw in the last half of the first quarter. However, we do anticipate continued solid business trends. We're off to a good start to the quarter in April, and as a result are providing guidance of comparable store sales in the range of 4% to 6% for both the second quarter and for the year. We will continue to update our annual guidance quarterly as we progress through this year. July 11 will be the second anniversary of our purchase of CSK. As you know, following the purchase will put in place an aggressive plan to implement our distribution model in the western half of the country, which establishes the foundation for us to execute our dual market strategy. We also put in place an aggressive plan to convert the inventories and store layouts to fit our model. Many team members have worked extremely hard to execute this plan. And I'm very happy to announce that we are completing the integration plan on time and we are seeing very positive performance results as our efforts and investments gain traction. The CSK Stores as a whole have generated positive comparable store sales each full quarter we have owned them, and in the first quarter we continued to see good business trends. The fully converted checker stores in the central part of the country, which were the first to be converted, are performing extremely well. We have also seen solid improvements in the performance of the Murray Stores, but given the economy in these markets, especially in Michigan, these stores continue to lag the other stores. In the western half of the country, it is very clear that we have a lot of opportunity to grow our business as we establish our company as a capable partner to the commercial customers in each market. These stores have done very well and are incrementally taking advantage of the additional parts availability afforded to them by our distribution expansion in the West. Even the stores that are still on the CSK systems and distribution model are doing much better as a result of better access to inventory, more competitive pricing and our teams focus on providing great customer service. Ted will be reviewing our integration plan in detail in a moment, but in general I want to convey that we remain very enthusiastic about the opportunity we have to grow same-store sales in the acquired CSK stores. Many of the markets in which these acquired stores do business generate an incredible amount of auto part sales, and the level of CSK's underperformance due to the lack of inventory availability and non-competitive pricing is clearly apparent. As we stated before, we put a lot of effort into correcting this. We reset our pricing over a year ago and over time the perception consumers have of our competitive price position will continue to improve. The same thing applies to inventory availability. CSK had developed the reputation of not having robust hard part inventories. We corrected this, and our marketing and advertising efforts are now geared towards giving customers a reason to give us a chance to prove that we're the best choice when it comes to helping them with their automotive needs. We feel we have come a long way on these fronts, but still have a long way to go. In reviewing our first quarter sales performance, we would be remiss not to mention the continued solid performance of the core OReilly stores. We have a very strong team in our core markets, and we are very pleased with the performance of our core stores. One of the early concerns among analysts and investors with the acquisition of CSK was that we could potentially lose focus and market share in our core markets. And with almost 2 years of CSK ownership under our belt, I can assure you as reflected in our performance that our core stores continue to perform extremely well. The strong comparable store sales we generated during the quarter leveraged our expenses nicely, and coupled with the significant improvement in gross margin, we are now able to sustain as a result of the buying synergies we have experienced as part of the CSK acquisition, we are very pleased with the 13.2% operating margin we were able to generate. This operating margins is the highest first-quarter margin we have generated since going public in 1993. Tom will be reviewing our financials in more detail in a moment, but I just want to express that we are very encouraged with the solid start we have had to 2010. As planned this acquisition of CSK is proving to have been a very good investment for our company, and we are very excited about what the future will bring as we continue to establish our presence in the markets that are relatively new to us. As an industry, while a more robust economy would certainly be helpful we feel we continue to benefit from the growth of the average age of vehicles on the road in the US as new car and truck sales have decreased. We feel that many consumers have established a new perception of how far a vehicle can be safely driven and we expect for years to come autos will be higher and higher mileages than in the past. The higher mileage vehicles obviously require more maintenance. We also see a lot of opportunity for continued growth as our industry continues to consolidate. At the end of this year, we will have opened 150 net new stores, but will still have the distribution capacity in existing facilities to add approximately 500 stores using our existing distribution methods. So, we wont need to add any additional distribution capacity to support our new store growth until approximately late 2013 or 2014. We are also working as diligently as ever to continue to improve our levels of customer service and operating efficiencies. We have several initiatives currently under way to ensure we maintain our industry leading customer service levels. These include point-of-sale system improvements, parts cataloguing enhancements, inventory management system increments, and better productivity management in our distribution centers just to name a few. As I have mentioned, we are very encouraged by the strong start weve had this year and are looking forward to the continued solid performance throughout the year as we worked through the final chapters of the CSK integration. I will now turn the call over to Ted Wise.
Ted Wise: Thanks Greg, and good morning everyone. Like Greg, I would like to begin by saying a quick thank you to team OReilly for the fantastic sales and profit performance we're here to discuss this morning. Through our teams commitment to great customer service and execution of our dual market sales programs we continue to expand our market share. 10% top line growth and 6.9% comp sales performance is truly remarkable. But once again thanks to all of our team members throughout the organization for your contribution last quarter. With regard to our new store growth in the first quarter, we finished with a net 48 new locations, bringing us to a total of 3469. Our expansion plans for new stores this year is 150 locations. So we are on excellent shape on our schedule. We continue to share and balance the time of our installation teams between new store installations and performing front floor resets on CSKs stores out west. Our real estate group is aggressively working new store expansion around our core OReilly market, as well as the new West Coast states. As a result of the slower economy, we are finding good sites for future expansion at reasonable rates. In regard to the CSK stores, we have completed individual store and market assessments, and have a stay or relocation strategy for all stores. We have also identified potential expansion opportunities in the undeveloped markets, and growth in new markets. Opening stores with our dual market plan with the expanded product offering and daily distribution service to the store, opened up new markets that would not have fit the CSK retail sales plan. Now for a brief overview of our store expansion for the first quarter. Once again, the great state of Texas led our growth for the first quarter with seven new stores which brings us to 528 Texas stores that are serviced from our distribution centers located in Houston, Dallas and Lubbock. Following Texas, North Carolina and South Carolina contributed five stores each. And rounding out to growth in the south-east part of the country, we added three new stores in Virginia. There are also five new stores in Ohio, and three new stores in Michigan that are being serviced from our recently converted Murray distribution centre in Detroit. Indiana, Florida and Tennessee all contributed three stores each. The remaining 12 new stores were spread out in eight more states and includes our first new store in California. To summarize, our store expansion involved 17 different states, which as Ive mentioned in the past gives us the ability to be more selective and have better planning and execution in rolling out our new stores. In the first quarter, we also moved five older stores to new locations and had 12 major store renovation projects going on. In addition to our normal new store growth, we made good progress on phase 2 of our CSK store conversion on the West Coast. Our installation teams performed CSK store resets to the OReilly retail format. As you may recall these are resets of the front display area, and do not typically involve the back rooms since the hard parts inventory changeovers were completed throughout the most of last year. These front floor resets are also independent from their computer system conversions. This is totally different from how we handled the major projects in the first phase of the changeover of the Murray Stores and the Midwest Checker stores, which were total inventory lifts, new computer systems, and store reset all at the same time. Needless to say, it is much less disruptive to the business, allowing the store to stay open during all of the work and maintaining a high level of customer service. As I mentioned, the hard part line changeovers are of the most part finished and the product department is working on the final phase of front floor line evaluations and changeover. As these out-front lines are reviewed, new planogram changes and product line upgrades are being rolled out to the stores, and by the end of this year all stores will have a fresh upgraded planogram retail mix. We will continue to step up the pace on the store reset schedule throughout the remainder of the year, and plan on having all the CSK store resets in the OReilly interior dcor and image package installed during the next 12 months. Now to outline the DC openings and the conversion schedules, which also includes, our store computer conversions. The west coast schedule began with the opening of our new 388,000 square foot Seattle DC last December, and the following conversions of the 193 shut stores to daily replenishment and installation of a new OReilly computer system. As a reminder, the store computer conversions does not involve any inventory or physical changes to the store. It is basically changing the store computer and going to OReilly POS and store operation system. The point of sale orientation and systems training is handled at the store by sending seasoned, experienced OReilly team members from the core O'Reilly stores to work side by side with the manager and team members during the conversion and they stay at the store for at least one week following the conversion. Following Seattle, our new Moreno Valley 408,000 square foot distribution center in southern Californian opened in January, and the store computer system conversions for 238 surrounding Kragen stores were completed. In the middle of March, we opened a 225,000 square foot distribution centre in Denver, Colorado servicing the surrounding 84 stores. And these stores are now finished with their computer conversion systems. Next on the schedule in May is the opening of our 205,000 square foot Salt Lake City distribution centre, which will service the 86 stores and will follow the same computer conversion schedule. Then we will have a short breather until September, when the mover existing Dixon DC to a new 520,000 square foot DC in nearby Stockon, California. This DC will service the surrounding 274 Kragen stores, and again will start their computer system conversions at that time. To finish the DC and store conversions, we will return to Phoenix in the first week of November, and convert the CSK distribution centre to the OReilly system, and begin transition to a data replenishment at the store level. This will include converting the 151 Checker stores to OReilly computer systems at the same time the DC converts. So, by the end of November we will have completed all the store computer system conversions, installed five new distribution centers, converted the existing CSK distribution centers to OReilly system and the stores will all be receiving daily stock order replenishment. This is an amazing accomplishment and has required a lot of hard work and great planning to have executed these tasks in such short of a time. As I mentioned, the store resets will be progressing throughout the year, and while most of them will be finished by the end of this year, there will be a small group of stores to finish resetting in the first half of next year. We are also well under way with our sign conversions to OReilly Auto Parts. And we will project rebranding all of the stores to be completed by early next year. Now in regard to the business development on the West Coast, our stores continue to gain sales traction on both the retail and installer side of the business. A key factor in growing our sales has been the increased hard parts selection at the store level. The store inventories has also been supported by hub and spoke systems that have set routes throughout the store groups. Also as new distribution centers open and area stores begin receiving not only replenishment, they also special order availability of the broad SKUs at the distribution center overnight, or in the case when the store is in the immediate area, they have same day access to the distribution centers inventory. In addition to having the right inventory, our market competitive pricing is in place, and beginning to change the perceptions that customers have developed of the CSK store inventory and pricing model. It took CSK years to establish these customers perception, and although we feel good about the sales trend and traffic of customers, changing these perceptions will take a while. We definitely feel there is a lot of additional opportunity ahead of us as we continue to convert the stores and establish the OReilly name in these markets. Now on the installer side of the business, we are seeing great results from our consistent sales call and developing customer relationships over this last year. Our territory sales managers and in-store sales specialist are in front of the customers selling the O'Reilly program of quality parts, competitive pricing and most important great service. We have improved service levels with additional trucks and stacking our first call installer counters with experienced parts professionals. No different than changing the perception of the retail customer, we still have a lot of work to do and lots of opportunity ahead of us as we establish the O'Reilly brand and win the wholesale customers business. Improving our sales skills, product knowledge and overall service levels of our store sales teams will be the key to growing our business. As the stores go on the OReilly computer systems, our OReilly LMS or learning management system and all the OReilly training programs are available to our store teams. CSK did not have a computer-based training system, and this addition is being well accepted and be a great tool in increasing our parts knowledge and providing better customer service levels. Our store operations and sales teams continue to grow stronger and become more effective OReilly leaders, as they fully comprehend our programs and they see the results of implementing them. We are very fortunate to have had so many quality team members in the CSK stores that are willing to adopt the O'Reilly culture and become part of the new West Coast O'Reilly management team. We continue to evaluate our staffing requirements that are required to manage these stores, and will continue to add district managers, territory sales managers and other field positions critical to the control and management of our store operations and sales. It is very exciting to think that much of the task oriented work of the changes we were making that occupied so much of our teams time in these stores is behind us. And now we have more time to totally concentrate on servicing our customers and grow the sales and profit in stores. With that I will turn it over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks Ted. Now well move on to the numbers. For the quarter, sales increased $116 million, 10% over the prior year to $1.28 billion. The increase was attributable to a $78 million increase in comp store sales, a $35 million increase in non-comp new store sales, and $3 million increase in non-comp non-store sales. For the quarter, both ticket average and ticket count contributed to our comparable store sales increase, but the majority of the comp increase was driven by the comp ticket count. For 2010, we are increasing our total revenue guidance to 5.2 billion to 5.3 billion, which is $100 million increase from our previous guidance. Gross profit was 48.3% of sales for the quarter versus 46.6% the prior year. The 167 basis point improvement was driven by the acquisition buying synergies, which were not in the comparable 2009 period. As you will recall, the majority of the new vendor deals were signed at the end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter of 2009. As a result, this will be the last significant non-comparable quarter for buying synergies. For 2010, we continue to estimate gross profit as a percent of sales, will be 48.1% to 48.4% of sales. Where we end up in this range will be driven largely by how successful we are at adding commercial sales in the acquired stores, as commercial sales carry a lower gross profit percentage. Based on our performance in the first quarter, we would anticipate being in the lower end of this range. SG&A for the quarter was 35.1% of sales, versus 36.9% in the prior year. Leverage on SG&A was the result of strong comparable store sales. On a per store basis, SG&A per store was up approximately 1%, which allowed for strong leverage and 6.9% comparable store sales. For 2010, we are now expecting SG&A dollars per store to be slightly up from 2009 as we see opportunity to more aggressively invest in store SG&A to drive sales. We anticipate the total SG&A for 2010 will increase approximately 4.5% over the entire year. Operating margin for the quarter was extremely strong at 13.2% of sales, an improvement of 342 basis points over the prior year. This large improvement is the result of full year run rate of buying synergies, strong comp sales and expense controls. The 13.2% first-quarter operating margin represents the highest first-quarter operating margin weve had in the public company, and one of the highest quarters of all time. For the full year, we expect our operating margin to be in the mid-12% range. Net interest expense for the quarter was $11 million, which was $1 million less than the prior year on lower average interest rates. For 2010, we expect net interest expense to be $39 million to $42 million based on lower average debt levels. This estimate is also subject to unforeseen changes in LIBOR levels to the extent our debt is not swapped to fixed rate. The tax provision for the quarter was 38.5% of pretax income, which was flat with the prior year. For 2010, we expect our tax rate as a percent of pretax income to be 38.0% to 38.4%. Where we fall within this range will be dependent on resolution of open tax year audits that occur during the year. Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.70 per share, which represents a 52% increase over the first quarter of 2009. Now well move on to the balance sheet. The average inventory per store at the end of the year was $549,000, which was a 13% increase over the prior year average of $487,000. This increase is the result of significantly increasing the hard part SKU stocks in the acquired stores and the addition of the Western DCs to support our dual market strategy. In 2010, we are focused on refining the inventory mix in stores, and as the new DCs come online, we will be able to reduce the stocking deficits at CSK stores. Based on these 2010 initiatives, we expect to only increase our inventory investments slightly in 2010, despite opening 150 new stores and 3 new DCs. Through the first quarter, we added 48 net new stores or reduced our total inventory by $10 million, which equates to a 2% reduction in the average inventory per store. Our reserve for LIFO at the end of the quarter was $13.1 million, which was an increase of $4.4 million from the previous quarter. This change in our last buy to LIFO reserve did not have material impact on gross margin for the quarter. Accounts payable of $795 million was 41.8% of inventory, as compared to 46.8% in the prior year. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end the first quarter of 2009, benefited from special extended dating on changeover orders. That said, in 2010, we expect our AP to inventory ratio will continue to be under pressure as we work excess inventory through and out of this system. Capital expenditures were $91 million for the quarter. For 2010, we continue to estimate capital expenditures will be in the range of $400 million to $440 million, as we complete our DC projects and continue to invest heavily in store conversions. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $40 million. For 2010, we continue to expect depreciation and amortization to be $154 million to $159 million. Total borrowings at the end of the quarter were $703 million compared to $791 million at the end of Q1 2009. Also at the end of the quarter we had $531 million of availability under our ABL facility. For 2010, we expect to reduce our total outstanding borrowings by $170 million to $220 million. Included in this reduction, is our planned redemption of a $100 million legacy CSK convertible notes in December. Our plan is to fund this with our existing ABL, which will still allow us significant financial flexibility. Now for some other financial information. Cash flow from operating activities for the quarter was $171 million, an increase of $84 million over the first quarter of 2009. The improvement was driven by higher net income and deferred taxes, and the lower increase in net inventory investments in comparison to the first quarter of 2009. For the quarter, free cash flow was $80 million versus a use of $65 million in the first quarter of 2009. The improvement of $145 million was driven by the previously mentioned increase in cash flow from operations, and a $60 million decrease in capital expenditures. We now expect free cash flow to be $140 million to $160 million in 2010, as we again invest heavily in CapEx, but do not have a significant increase in investments in that inventory. Stock option expense for the quarter was $3.6 million compared to $3.3 million in the prior year. The increase was driven by our year-over-year increase in stock price. For 2010, we continue to expect stock option expense to be approximately $16 million. To recap our overall guidance, for the second quarter, our comparable store sales guidance is 4% to 6%, and for the year, we are increasing our comparable store sales guidance from an increase of 3% to 5% to an increase of 4% to 6%. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance for the second quarter is from $0.70 to $0.74 on a 140.6 million shares, and we are raising our GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance for the full year to a range of $2.55 to $2.75 on 140.7 million shares. At this time, Id like to ask Lisa, the operator to come back, and well be happy to answer your questions. Lisa?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen.
Greg Henslee: Good morning Tony.
Tom McFall: Good morning.
Tony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: Greg, you had mentioned in your prepared remarks some initiatives that you were talking about, whether it's a POS or parts cataloging, or inventory or productivity enhancements or measurements at the DC level. I'm just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color, sort of what's the timeline on those? Are those things that are already underway? And sort of what's sort of behind the launch of some of these initiatives right now?
Greg Henslee: Well, these things really aren't anything new Tony for  this is my 26th year here and David is here, and he will give us, you know, the business [ph]. Weve constantly evolved really everything we do, point of sale, catalog, the way we manage productivity and things like that. Today, with you know, technology being what it is there is so much opportunity to incrementally improve the function of our POS, the content that we make available to our parts specialists, just the whole interaction experience with our customers in general, and then also just continuing to improve the way back that we manage inventories, measure productivity in our distribution centers, you know, incent our distribution team members to be as productive as they can be and so forth. So we have teams in our IT department and operational departments that manage these projects that we work on ongoing. Some of these are things that we implement in pieces, and some of the improvements that we are making will be implemented this year. You know, some of the presence the way that we handle what would be considered a minor thing to many but it's a major thing when it comes to running a store. It is the way you deal with you know, sales tax, for instance, when it comes to installer customers. You know, lot of installer customers want to not pay tax. If they bill their customer for tax and state laws in most states allows us not to bill them for tax, but they require tax on certain items. You are making that as automated as it can possibly be, enhances our POS system. Another example would be just making sure that we have you know, pictures of all of our products, and those pictures are available from different use of the product. So we don't have any stock, we can match it up at the counter, and make sure we order the right part. You know, things like that are implemented incrementally and then something specifically that we're implementing over the next couple of months is what we call a labor management system in our distribution centers that basically kind of set standards for productivity in our distribution center based on the layout of the DC, where the products are located, the amount of time it takes to stock or pick a product and then we are putting in place an incentive program for our distribution team members to be as productive as they can be, and well start back here in the next couple of months in Detroit.
Tony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: And I guess just on a follow-up, when you think about the POS, is there anything that you've been lacking in terms of your ability to sell through to  and I'm assuming this is more of a DIY approach, I know that the Hispanic community has been sort of a big target for DIY, especially right now. Is this something that might draw incremental sales? And this is a benefit that could be added to what's going on with the West Coast and the conversions at CSK?
Greg Henslee: I don't think that we would be doing anything to would add measurable incremental sales. I think that every improvement we make we make because we feel like it's the best thing to do for the business that it improves our competitive position and improves just the customary action, but I don't think anything that we're doing right now would create a measurable benefit beyond the benefit that we get from having you know, robust POS systems that we have in place today.
Tony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Rifkin with Banc of America.
Alan Rifkin  Banc of America: Thank you very much. Congratulations, gentlemen.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Alan.
Alan Rifkin  Banc of America: Your SG&A leverage is obviously quite admirable despite costs in the quarter that are not being capitalized, but expensed as a result of the conversion process. How much in your opinion did this impact the SG&A rate in Q1? And would it be reasonable to expect that these costs go away at the end of 2010 altogether?
Greg Henslee: I'd make a comment, and then Tom might have more details. You know, in the scope of our overall SG&A, you know, as you said there are many of the conversion expenses you know, payroll dollars that are expense as opposed to amortized and I don't think it creates a material difference in our SG&A. Tom, you may have a comment on that.
Tom McFall: Alan, we're not going to break out our SG&A separately, but when we look at 2009 we spend a lot of dollars that went to store payroll to reset back rooms and this year to the extent that the store personnel are helping on the front end, they are doing front end resets, and then all the training time or the conversions, we're incurring a similar amount of expense and it's a number that you know, we're looking for to not spending next year, and spending on items that really drives sales. When we look at, as we've talked about before, when we look at the OReilly efficiency at the store level and the CSK efficiency, part of it is how many sales we are doing and a lot of it is this conversion process. But we continue to have an opportunity to better leverage our payroll at the CSK market, and on the OReilly side, the store payroll was tremendously leveraged this quarter, and they did a fantastic job.
Alan Rifkin  Banc of America: Okay. Thank you. And a follow-up if I may, Greg, you made a point of saying, and rightfully so, in the quarter you achieved a record high EBIT margin of 13.2. If we go back and we look at 2005, when you reached the peak on an annual basis of 12.5%, your EBIT margins in that year's first quarter were only 11.5%. So you've exceeded that number by 170 basis points. As we think about the opportunities for this company long-term, beyond 2010, can we kind of draw parallels between the EBIT margin be this quarter versus back then and what the long-term opportunities maybe for OReilly to achieve EBIT margins?
Greg Henslee: Well, I would hate to say that you know, that we could incrementally build annual models based on the beginning point being the difference between what we generated this first quarter and the first quarter of 2005. You know, that was the first full year that I was CEO of the company, and I remember the year well, but I don't really remember how the quarter is broke out. But what I would say Alan is that as we have these you know, strong comp quarters, we are in a great position to leverage our costs and our stocking focuses very intently on managing payroll, which is our single largest expense. As we complete these conversions and as we become more productive in the western stores, and our team members get more professional on our POS, their sales per month increase, we will become more productive and yes, I think that over time we got a great opportunity to continue to set records from an operating margin standpoint for the company. You know, the extent, and I guess the time in which it takes to accomplish that is dependent on our incremental comp store sales growth and our ability to leverage that which I feel very good about.
Alan Rifkin  Banc of America: Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee: Okay, thank you Alan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Chick with FBR Capital Markets.
Stephen Chick  FBR Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. Good quarter.
Greg Henslee: Thank you Steve.
Stephen Chick  FBR Capital Markets: I guess maybe, you know, for Ted, the  if you look at the growth you're seeing in the converted stores, I guess, can you clarify if the installer commercial businesses is growing faster than retail? And then, you know, secondly, as you are ramping the commercial business and you look at  I don't know if it's NPD data or if you look at market specific data, can you tell, you know, where the market share may be coming from? Is it coming from three steppers [ph] or some of the regional folks, or maybe even some of the, you know, the larger incumbents that might be in that market?
Ted Wise: Steve, you know, we don't break out the retail and our wholesale growth, but I would say they're very, very close to each other. You know, lot of the wholesale volume is just now starting to you know, be material because of the distribution centers, the nightly service and you know, we got all of the traditional product lines in place and you know, the hub and spoke system is working good, and again you know, there is a lot of strong competitors on the West Coast and it has taken you know, a while to develop the relationships, and again now we totally have the tools in place. So again they're growing about the same. You know, we anticipate the wholesale business will be much better this coming year, because of the tools we have and the fact that, you know, it takes more than just a few sales calls to build a relationship. You know, with regard to the competitors out there you know, on the West Coast it's basically you know, a two-step market. There is a lot of undercar small warehouses. They are regional you know, they have strengths and they have weaknesses. You know, they've got good inventories, but not necessarily broad inventories. They don't have as good a replenishment frequency as we do. So again, now that we have the distribution centers in place and we have our inventories levels where they should be. You know, we'll continue to make progress on taking market share in that regard. Lot of it is tied to you know, the personnel we have at the store, and again as we you know, mature you know, our programs out there, we won't be able to track and recruit you know, higher level professional parts person you know, away from these more traditional two-step type competitors. You know, and when that starts happening you know, you hire you know, one or two in a market and then you know, two or three more and pretty soon, you know, the profile of your installer service specialists you know, change to where you basically have experienced parts people, you know, on the ISS counters [ph], and not to say that you know, we don't have a lot today it is just that, you know, as we roll out more installer stores you know, from retail installer well have to add you know, the experience levels you know, to grow the business and that's you know, work in progress and we are making good headway in that regard today.
Greg Henslee: And Steve, this is Greg. One thing I might add to that is that one, this particular quarter, I know Ted you're talking more kind of on maybe a 12-month back basis, and also by region we had you know, similar retail and wholesale growth for the consolidated company, and like Ted said, we don't disclose the business mix difference, but our commercial business continues to be a little bit stronger than our regional business on a whole basis. And then as far as defining where the business comes from, that is  as Ted said, it is difficult for us to do, that I can't tell you that the categories in which we continue to grow business are the hard parts categories, the application parts, the nondiscretionary stuff, you know, chassis parts, ignition parts, you know, belts and hoses, things like that are performing extremely well. The discretionary display area merchandise is not growing nearly as fast in some of those categories are actually comping negative.
Stephen Chick  FBR Capital Markets: Okay, that's helpful. And the second question, if I could, Greg, we have seen other retailers who have made comments about kind of, April so far, with the pent-up sales demand that we saw in March, that kind of maybe indicated that April has been just a little  started off a little at a slower rate of growth than where the March quarter ended. So I was wondering if you could give us a little more kind of granularity and clarity on you know, how solid it is all in terms of the start to the second quarter here for sales?
Greg Henslee: Well, Steve what I would say is that March was an outstanding month for us as proven. I know that you guys back into what you think our March was based on what we said on February 20th and, you know, the math is going to lead to the conclusion that we have really strong sales in March. April has been a good month so far. I would say that you know, maybe it has slowed down slightly but it is still a very, very good start to the quarter and we're comfortable with the guidance we gave 4% to 6% for the quarter, again not knowing what the rest of the quarter will bring to having confidence in the trend of business since the middle of February.
Stephen Chick  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Greg Henslee: Okay, thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James.
Dan Wewer  Raymond James & Associates: Thanks. Greg, I wanted to follow up on your comments about the change in the pricing strategy at CSK. As I recall, you took your everyday prices down about 4% to 5%. But in turn, the company was less reliant on the different types of promotions they were running. So, were you initially seeing the sales not respond to the reduction in pricing given that your do-it-yourself customers in those stores are only in those stores once or twice a year and they werent cognizant of the changes that were taking place?
Greg Henslee: Well, weve incrementally seen transactions increase, but at the same time we have seen our ticket average come down a little bit as a result of the price changes that we've made. Our perception is, and again this is just a perception based on having been in this business most of our lives, is that it takes a long time for consumers in the hard parts business to realize that you're more price competitive than what you were in the month before, maybe even the year before in some cases. It takes a long time to establish those perceptions. We feel like we've incrementally gained traction with that and our marketing and advertising efforts to drive traffic into the stores as these customers come in buy an oil change or whatever it is that they may be buying, if they price something else and then check one of our competitors, they find out that we're not competitive whereas weve had the perception along that many of the customers that came into a CSK store came in because they were given a coupon. They came in because they had an ad in their hand and they bought typically just those items, and if they buy something else, CSK proved to them that they werent price competitive with our primary retail competitors. I think the changes that weve made incrementally ramp from a traction standpoint as customers become more accustomed to the fact that we are competitive now, and then as they have reason to check us based on past experiences. They find out that our prices truly are competitive, and I think that that momentum builds and it's a reputation that takes time to correct.
Dan Wewer  Raymond James & Associates: Are you trying to say that the sales benefits were probably less in the quarter just ended than it will be later?
Greg Henslee: That's exactly what I'm saying.
Dan Wewer  Raymond James & Associates: Okay.
Ted Wise: You know, Dan this is Ted. I also might add that you know, when we adjusted our prices, it was a certain amount of time that we were able to roll out a lot of our private label lines too. So, you know, while we had a little bit lower prices on what they carry you know, most of last year's is the line at a time that we rolled out an inventory of more competitive private label products, which has been a big help in growing the retail business.
Dan Wewer  Raymond James & Associates: And Tom, I just wanted to make sure I understood your comment about inventories at year end. Were you indicating that you expect year end inventories to be equal to or less than the $1.9 billion that you had at the end of FY '09?
Tom McFall: We expect them to be up slightly but not, but through the process of fine-tuning our mix at CSK, we won't see the growth we would normally see from 150 stores.
Dan Wewer  Raymond James & Associates: So the total inventory dollars would be up slightly, the inventory per store be less, I guess?
Tom McFall: Correct.
Dan Wewer  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Truelove with UBS.
William Truelove  UBS: Hi, great quarter, guys.
Greg Henslee: Thank you.
William Truelove  UBS: In terms of the  I know you're not breaking out the sales growth pace between the old CSK and O'Reilly, obviously, but can you talk a little bit about the commercial sales at CSK? You said they're growing maybe slightly better, but wasn't the percentage of sales at the old CSKs around 10% commercial? And is it still roughly around there or has that changed materially since the conversions?
Greg Henslee: That has incrementally changed. It's increased some. You know, if we look back over the past 12 months, CSK by itself, the commercial business has grown better than the retail business and that's an ebb and flow from week to week, quarter to quarter for the consolidated company. Generally, our trend has been over the past couple of years that our commercial business has grown a little better than our DIY business. Now, we've been able to maintain you know, positive comp store sales growth in both categories, but generally speaking the commercial business for us is growing faster than the DIY. For CSK, we have a lot of opportunity on the commercial side and CSK is an entity by itself. The commercial business is doing better of course than the retail business.
William Truelove  UBS: Multiples better than the retail business, or just moderately better?
Greg Henslee: Yes, well, it's doing better. I wouldn't give a definition on how much better, but yes it's doing Ill say moderately better.
William Truelove  UBS: Sure. And then one follow-up to that is, you talked about hiring commercial reps, adding them to the marketplace. Would you say that your pace of hiring sales reps is going to be very aggressive near-term or is it going to be more moderate? Because as you may know, one of your competitors went out and hired a whole bunch of sales reps, and it had some disruptive effects on the SG&A expense ratio. So, how do you try to balance that too? And what do you think that the pace of hiring will be?
Greg Henslee: Well, we were very, very diligent stewards of our expense, and if we're going to do anything that got our SG&A out of pace with our ability to grow sales, we would build that into our forecast, and tell everyone we're going to do that. That's not the plan. Our plan as we add these outside salespeople, which CSK had many in place provided that we are kind of built into their expense model, just as we have as core OReilly. We continue to add them as we grow the sales, but we will not get our expense ahead of the sales growth.
William Truelove  UBS: Wonderful. Thank you so very much for answering my questions.
Greg Henslee: You bet, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital.
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: Hi, guys. It is Ciccarelli.
Greg Henslee: Hi Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: Just kind of a follow-up on the previous question. You do have better inventory levels and replenishment systems in place at a lot of the CSK stores. I guess the question I think a lot of people are kind of trying to figure out right now is, have you learned anything about the business that will keep a typical CSK store from generating a comfortable amount of commercial sales as what you traditionally been able to generate through an average O'Reilly store?
Greg Henslee: Well, what I would say Scot is that the average CSK store should grow into doing something you know, very similar to what we've been able to do with the O'Reilly stores. You know, there is a you know, a big variance in the O'Reilly stores with if you compare rural markets to metro markets, but we generally have been able at core OReilly to keep the balance at approximately 50-50, again not by intent necessarily, but just by trying to do as much business on both sides as we can. In the Western CSK stores there are some stores. I would say approximately 10% of the stores that are in locations that aren't necessarily conducive or as conducive as we would like them to be to doing a large amount of wholesale commercial business. Those stores most likely will never get to a 50-50 mix, but the remainder of the stores over time we believe can do as much wholesale business as the O'Reilly stores do on average and our efforts are to work to build that.
Ted Wise: Scot, this is Ted. You know, LA and some of those real dense population areas, the store count is pretty heavy and they're so close together that sometimes it just doesn't make sense to run wholesale business out of stores that are a mile and a half apart, when you can actually service installers better from one largest store bigger inventory more truck. So you know, they'll continue to be a small number of stores that you know, will be more retail, primarily retail, but again that's a very small percentage of them.
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: But, it should be applicable to say, 90% of the store base?
Ted Wise: Yes, yes.
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Greg Henslee: Okay, thanks Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Becks of Longbow Research.
Mark Becks  Longbow Research: Hey, congrats on the great quarter.
Greg Henslee: Oh, thank you.
Mark Becks  Longbow Research: You mentioned the pent-up demand. I was wondering if you guys thought this was more of a 1Q tailwind, or you think that can kind of play out for the remainder of the year?
Greg Henslee: Well, you know, I say, I made that comment in complete speculation, because we have no way to measure pent-up demand. Weve all been in the business a long time and we've seen periods when economic pressures placed on consumers result in comp store sales growth that is not as robust as we would like it to be. Generally directly following those periods, you'll have pretty robust sales as people take care of the things that may be they deferred. So I think that with the winter weather that we had in many markets, I think prevented people from working in their driveways on vehicles on the DIY side. I think that caused some release of pent up demand in the springtime. I think the economy in general over the past couple of years has caused people to try and defer as many things as they could that didn't you know, absolutely have to be repaired. So I think that's more, maybe a slow release of pent-up demand as peoples individual financial situations improve with a growing economy. So I think you see some benefit of it over a longer period of time, but I feel like we had an immediate benefit when spring weather got here from some of the things that had been deferred over the winter, and some catch up for some things that maybe werent done during the pre-holiday season as discretionary income was spent on more holiday activity type of thing. Again that's all speculation on my part based on my experience in the business, but I, my observation would be that demand for parts right now has been strong based on the older vehicles being driven on the roads, and some release of the pent-up demand that we feel like is kind of accrued over the past year or two.
Mark Becks  Longbow Research: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up, I was hoping you might be able to dig into gross margins a bit, and quantify if there was any sort of pressure you may have seen from the distribution costs with the new DCs ramping up. Thanks.
Greg Henslee: We have spoken about that our DC cost as a percent of sales will be up this year as we bring DCs online and get staffs trained. Those costs were higher than what they had been previous  in the previous quarter, but within what our expectations were. Obviously, when we do a big sales number like this, we always get a lot of leverage on fixed cost of our DC's. So that wasn't a big impact when we look at total dollars spent, it is within our expectations and you know, the cost of the DC's rolling on has  our DC ops group does a great job of planning and managing, and the results have been as we expected.
Mark Becks  Longbow Research: Just to kind of follow-up on the gross margin side, there wasn't a material impact with the increased transportation of stores with the two new DCs?
Greg Henslee: It was within our expectations.
Mark Becks  Longbow Research: Got you. Thanks so much.
Greg Henslee: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: Thanks and good morning.
Greg Henslee: Good morning.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: A question for you. You said all markets did relatively well. Did you see  I'm not sure if you commented if you saw more strength in the southeast where you have big exposure and where, perhaps the weather was pretty unseasonably cold and snowy?
Tom McFall: You know, we had relative strength throughout the country and yes, we were pleased with our performance in our Eastern division. We really were, you know, the best performing part of our company were the center country converted CSK stores, and the rest of the stores were primarily comparable on a division basis, and I would say that we were pleased with the Eastern division as well as the remaining division.
Greg Henslee: Chris, we would point to those stores gaining traction from being converted the longest, having more time to develop the commercial business, getting customers back or having competitive prices and inventory stock than we would put that on you know, geographic or weather, thats right.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: Fair enough. So if we kind of looked at maybe 4Q and 1Q together on a comp basis to try to smooth some of the weather impacts, it sounds like, based on what you're seeing in traction on the CSK side, even on that, that you're thinking there's you know, a potential acceleration even if we took the two quarters from a combined view?
Greg Henslee: Well, I think if you look at the CSK stores that have been converted the longest, they of course are accelerating the best. The remaining stores are doing well as a result of the things that I just mentioned on pent-up demand and just you know, springtime being here and things like that.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: And then one final one, as you  can you maybe quantify how much of the, how much sales you took out the CSK stores a year ago? Was that 8%, 10% from a front-room product that is really non-core auto that, that you weren't  that basically suppressed your comps last year during the year?
Tom McFall: I don't think we have that number here. We did take you know, several product lines and some categories out of those stores that we have sold through as close up products. We replaced those sales with hard parts sales. So, you know, our hard parts categories are doing very well, and enough that they generate solid comp when compared to the sales of these other more discretionary products that CSK had kind of gotten into over the last several years prior to us buying them. I dont know if you have any quantification of that or not.
Greg Henslee: Chris, we never gave any quantification of that. We obviously look at it internally from how much we're selling by product line. I can tell you that it was a pretty good headwind as were the changes in average ticket from you know, getting prices right. And as Ted mentioned adding entry-level product into the mix to the extent that you sell down to those, but it also drives our traffic for having that in being competitive and getting people in the store. So, you know, incrementally as we roll through the year, those headwinds will cease to be as big as they were last year.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from Michael Lasser with Barclays.
Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. With the CSK stores shifting to a new compensation structure over the last several quarters that focuses more on the incentive part and a gradual rollout of the distribution centers, is there a risk? And how are you managing the risk of some of these folks over-promising ahead of what the capabilities might be?
Greg Henslee: Now...
Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital: To the commercial customers?
Greg Henslee: Okay. Well, you know, you're under the business one delivery at a time, you know, one day at a time, one week at a time, and I think we're pretty careful about what we promised. As a matter of fact, as we originally started really making a push to come into the commercial business, we're pretty careful because weve learned over the years how hard it is to earn our commercial customers business back once you got it and you didn't do the job you promised you would do. So we've been pretty careful in describing what we're capable of and what we're not and promising more on the long-term of what we are putting in place and kind of eventually do. I think we've done a good job of managing that. I think the relationships that we're establishing a relationship that we can maintain based on being honest with the customers upfront about what our capabilities were, what they are becoming and what they're today in these markets. You know, Ted, I dont know if you have anything to add to that.
Ted Wise: Yes, Michael we're definitely street smart in that regard and very conservative. We learned a long time ago that you can go out and buy business or promise the world or the sky from a service level and if you mess it up you'll lose the customer. So particularly out there we are, you know, we had so much going on last year from moving products and just getting the store raise new business. You know, we were conservative. You know, a lot of times we would wait to rollout delivery service until we had the right staffing in the store, and kind of take it one step at a time with a long-term you know, commitment to service. On the other hand where were in a good position with the right people in the store and you know, the right competition, we were very aggressive. So that evaluation process goes on, you know, district manager and regional sales manager, you know, making a game plan to reach an individual store.
Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital: And as you look at the vintage of CSK stores that have been converted the longest, are you seeing more growth coming from new customers, or more growth coming from customers where you're moving up the call list?
Greg Henslee: I don't have a measurement of where the commercial sales come from. Many of these accounts are accounts that we're hoping that you dont  that were opened immediately. When we put a store in the commercial business, we'll try to open accounts with virtually anyone that we would hope to do business with, so that when they do give us a call or they need a part they couldn't find anywhere else, we are capable of handling the transaction. So the way we measure, we would measure the growth as increases in existing customers, but also realizing that many of those customers were customers that have been  had a competitor as a first call for some period of time. So that's really a hard internal measurement, but my observation would be that generally we have developed relationships with many customers that we're not buying from Checker stores in the thinner part of the country and the western US and that we are working our way to becoming the first call for those customers, and we're probably not on the top of the list on as many as we would like to be today, but we're working our way up the list.
Ted Wise: Michael, first of all CSKs model was to have fewer customers, maybe larger volume customers based on price. We want those customers but you know, our philosophy is to do business with every customer in the market area. So we're calling on and have accounts with customers now that, you know, the former CSK folks didnt even know exists. So you know, our customer base is much larger, and the greatest point, you know, when there are new customers it takes time to earn the business and work your way up on the first call list.
Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital: That's really helpful. Thank you so much.
Greg Henslee: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: And sir, do you have any closing remarks?
Greg Henslee: Well, I would just say as I mentioned earlier, you know, we are very pleased with our first quarter performance and you know, we were very encouraged by the integration plan execution. You know, we put an aggressive plan in place back at the time we acquired CSK, and we've been very fortunate to have had this outstanding team here at O'Reilly that has been able to execute the integration plan to this point and we are looking forward to continued success as we continue the integration and continue to execute in the core OReilly stores, and we will report further news to you after our second quarter performance. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall  EVP of Finance and CFO Greg Henslee  CEO and Co-President Ted Wise  COO and Co-President
Analysts: Matt Gardner  Credit Suisse Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets Adam Sindler  Deutsche Bank Alan Rifkin  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs Mike Montagna  Morgan Stanley Scott Stember  Sidoti & Company Colin McGranahan  Bernstein
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mandy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the OReilly 2009 annual earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Tom McFall. Sir, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Mandy. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, Id like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protections of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this conference call that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements, discussing among other things expected growth, store developments, integration and expansion strategies, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses including the acquisition of CSK Automotive Inc., weather, terrorists activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factors section of companys Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for more details. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer; David OReilly, our Executive Chairman is also present. I would like to start off by thanking all of our dedicated team members who work so hard each and everyday to make sure our loyal customers receive the very best service in our business. All the way from our company headquarters, distribution centers, regional offices, and most importantly our stores, our dedication to making customer service our top priority is clearly evident. All of you to be commended on all the solid results we generated in 2009, and I know we are all looking forward to continuing the growth of our company as we work to make 2010 other great year. Its now been a little over a year and half since we began the process of integrating CSK with OReilly. During this relatively short period of time, we feel we have accomplished a lot and are clearly on pace with the integration plan that we put in place directly following the acquisition. At the end of 2009, we had integrated many of that headquarters function. We negotiated most of our supplier agreement, changed over and enhanced most of the product offering in the CSK stores, completely changed over a 185 stores in the center of the country. We merged Minneapolis Distribution Center into the OReilly Distribution Center in Brooklyn Park, converted the Detroit Distribution Center to OReilly systems and material handing, converted the Detroit Murray Stores to our systems, opened the Seattle Distribution Center, converted a 141 of the 193 stores that are supplied by Seattle to our systems along with a long list of other accomplishments necessary to integrate CSK with OReilly. Since the course of the year, we completed the remaining system conversions in the stores supplied out of Seattle. We opened our Moreno Valley California Distribution Center on January 18th and have since started converting the computer system and have converted 148 stores supplied by Moreno Valley and have just 90 [ph] to go to complete the complete Moreno Valley distribution area. These distribution center openings along with the subsequent store system conversions are the most important step in our integration process. As we have outlined before, the 185 stores that were converted in the center of country, which included the Minnesota, Montana, West Texas and New Mexico Checker Stores along with the Chicago Murray stores were very disruptive. These complete changeovers involve closing the stores for a week on average or moving the stores existing inventory, resetting the store layout, installing a new inventory along with new computer systems, operational procedures and every thing else that goes along with an OReilly store, we basically turn these into OReilly stores in one weeks time. This process, again, was very disruptive to the operation of the business. The conversions that we are currently doing are now left are simply computer system and procedural conversion. These conversions do not require us to close the store and are not nearly as disruptive as the changeovers that were done in the center of the country. We are progressing with these changeovers at a rate of 30 stores per week and are being completed as we open our new western distribution centers. To complete these, we send a tenured OReilly team member to each of the stores to be converted on Saturday, the four of the stores planned to conversion. This team members job is to connect the computer terminals, get the system up and running and physically attend the data conversion which builds the inventory, customer and accounting files necessary to do business on OReilly systems. These conversions take place after the close of business each Saturday night, and we have a very qualified conversion and support staff here in Springfield that run these conversions each weekend. On Sunday morning, the stores open on OReilly systems and are connected to their new servicing DC. The team member of the store would have previously had training on how to use our point of sale system and the tenured OReilly team member access the trainer for the first week of business and stays there at the store for this first week. We then have a second trainer come in the following Saturday to spend another week with the store to make sure the store manager and team members not only have complete training on making point of sale transactions, but also on all the various daily routine functions and procedures. So far these conversions have gone very well, and we are pleased with the result we are seeing. We remain very confident in our ability to complete the conversions according to the schedule we set as part of our integration plan. As most of you know, this plan of ours is putting a much more robust distribution network in place in the western half of the country. This network basically emulates the network we have in place in the core OReilly markets. And when completed all of our stores will get the level of distribution, service and support that it has allowed our company to prosper in both at do-it-yourself business and as a preferred supplier and business partner to commercial customers in the core OReilly markets. Once we complete Moreno Valley, well proceed with the opening of our Denver, Colorado, distribution center in March, then the opening of Salt Lake City in May to relocation of our Dixon, California distribution center to Stockton, California, in late August, and then the final step of these conversions will be the system conversion of our Phoenix distribution center along with the 151 stores supplied by Phoenix, which is currently planned for December 6th. Like I said, these conversions are going very well and were clearly not seeing the disruption in business that were seeing with the complete changeovers that we completed in the center of the country. Now on to our fourth quarter performance. As I mentioned on our third quarter conference call, primarily for competitive reasons, the fourth quarter is the last quarter we planned to disclose the level of comparable stores sales detail that we have been disclosing since the third quarter of 2008. We planned to go back to reporting our companys total comparable store sales performance as a single consolidated comparison with our 2010 reporting. I know most of you read on our press release last night that during the fourth quarter we generated consolidated comparable store sales of 2.7%. Our guidance estimate in our third quarter earnings release was consolidated comparable store sales in the 2% to 4% range, so we were within our range, but slightly below the midpoint of our guidance due to a drop in our comparable store sales performance in December. This was partly due to the tough comparisons we had from December of last year and partly due to the macroeconomic factors that we assume applied more pressure during the Christmas holiday with consumer spending more of their discretionary income and available credit on the holidays. Comps in the first quarter are on a solid trend and we think well see continued incremental improvements as the year progresses and were able to take advantage of our distribution infrastructure in the western states. The store on O Reilly system generated comparable store sales of 2.4% on top of the 6.2% comp increase they generated in fourth quarter last year. Considering the relatively tough comparisons, we are reasonably pleased with the performance of the stores on OReilly systems. The obvious exception to that comment would of course be the 141 converted Murray stores, which had a comp stores sales decrease of 11%. Included in these stores are the Detroit area stores. These stores operate in one of the challenging economies in the country with unemployment almost three times than national rate. Its hard to be pleased with the comp performance of these stores that as we have explained before, they are in a state of transition, and are moving to a more sustainable business model comprised of a healthy mix of both retail and commercial business focused on auto parts and supplies as opposed to the substantial amount of non-automotive products these stores had previously been selling. Many of the core hard parts categories are performing well in these stores as we drive this transition and as we continue to establish ourselves as an outstanding auto parts stores for the do-it-yourself customers, and as a great business partner and supplier to the commercial accounts in the Chicago and Detroit areas. Over time we will see significant improvement in the performance of these stores. The 123 converted Checker stores located primarily in the upper Midwest, Texas and New Mexico are performing well. The business model in these stores was more similar to that of O Reilly and we are doing a good job in these stores  in these markets establishing relationship with commercial customers and starting to build the size of business. The Checker store conversions in the center of the country generated an impressive 8.5 comparable store sales growth for the quarter. The Western Stores operating on CSK systems generated 3.5% comparable store sales. Please keep in mind, as you consider our Western CSK store performance that the 5.2% comp we generated in these stores during the third quarter was comparing to a 4.3% decrease in comps in the prior year. The 3.5% comp we generated in the fourth quarter was comparing to an 80 basis points positive comp in the prior year. So, the positive sales trend we have been on in these stores continues. We remain very confident and excited about the opportunities we have to grow market share on both sides of our business in the western states. And we are looking forward to the complete rollout of our distribution capabilities as we continue with the execution of our CSK integration plan. Generally speaking, we are very pleased with our performance at this point with the integration of CSK. Its clearly represented a significant challenge and we still have a long ways to go to complete the integration but the pieces are coming together very well. Our team has worked very hard to execute our integration plan and our vendors have been very supportive of the integration. I think the outstanding vendor support weve received is clearly exemplified in the improvements we have seen in our gross margin. We ended the year with a 48% gross margin compared to a 45.5% in 2008, a 250 basis point improvement. Tom will be giving specific gross margin guidance in a moment, but generally, we expect to be able to maintain these higher gross margin levels and our company will benefit nicely as we work to leverage our fixed costs by implementing our dual market strategy allowing us to grow our sales in many markets in which we deal CSK with underperforming. At the end of the year  we ended the year with an 11.1% operating margin, well on our way to getting our operating margin back to pre-CSK levels and beyond. Having made many of the capital investments that needed to be made in order to enable the CSK stores execute our dual market strategy, we are looking forward to getting back to positive cash flow generation this year. Again, Tom will be reviewing all our financials in detail in a moment. Just looking at our business from a very high level for a moment, the tailwinds for our industry continue to be the increasing average age of vehicles in operation due to the improved engineering of newer vehicles and the decreases we have seen in new car and truck sales. The potential for continued increases in the number of vehicles on the road as the US population continues to grow, the closing of OED dealerships which potentially puts some of the service that was being done at dealerships into the automotive aftermarket, and for us continued consolidation of the industry. At last count, the top ten chains in the US represented only 42% as the total part stores, and with many of our larger competitors modifying their business models to try and execute modified versions of a dual market strategy, we expect many of the weaker stores and small chains will fall under increased pressure creating more expansion opportunities for companies like ours to see opportunity for continued growth. The headwinds are obviously the general economic condition in the US with unemployment hovering around 10% increased fuel prices. For example, at the end of 2009 we showed the average price per gallon of gas at over 260 per gallon compared to $1.64 at the end of 2008, an almost 60% increase. This obviously takes more money out of our customers pockets and has proven over time can put pressure on the total miles driven in the US. However, we see a lot of opportunity, and over time we feel we can become a significant factor in the supply of parts to commercial customers in the Western US, and at the same time feel we can improve our penetration on the Do-it-Yourself side of the business in all the markets we serve. All 45,000 members of team OReilly are working hard to make those things happen and we are looking forward to a successful 2010 as we work towards completing the integration of CSK and making OReilly an auto parts brands that will be easily recognized from coast to coast. Ill now turn the call over to your Ted Wise for some additional comments.
Ted Wise: Thanks, Greg and good morning everyone. Before discussing CSK integration, I would like to quickly review our fourth quarter expansion and summarize our growth for last year. By design, we ended the year by installing 10 new stores in the fourth quarter. This enabled us to redirect much of the stores installation department in our field team attention to plan and start the store resets in the west. The fourth quarter expansion included three stores in North Carolina, three stores in Ohio, three stores in Wisconsin and one store in South Carolina, and one store in Virginia. We also relocated two stores into new buildings which brought us to 14 relocations for the year. We completed 21 store renovations in the fourth quarter for a total of 53 store renovations last year. And as I mentioned in the last part of the year, our installation team has completed 27 stores reset in the Checker and Kragen Stores in the western state. New stores expansion for the year reached our 150 store goal and covered 25 of our 28 stores we operate in. As planned to support our new distribution center in Greensboro this year, North Carolina led the growth to 29 new stores, Ohio had 21 stores, Texas continued to contribute good markets with 16 new stores, Georgia had 12 stores, South Carolina and Wisconsin ended up with 11 new stores, and our growth continues into Florida with eight new stores. Tennessee had seven stores. The remaining 35 stores were spread out in 17 additional states. As I have mentioned in the past the geographic coverage of our distribution centers allow us to more effectively and strategically plan and execute our store growth. While the majority of our growth is focused towards supporting the newer distribution centers like Greensboro and Indianapolis, we continue to seek out and find good store growth opportunities within our more mature markets. Our continued expansion into markets like Texas, Arkansas and Missouri provide additional leverage in our distribution centers, our field management team and our overall corporate infrastructure. The execution of our dual market sales plan to both the DIY customer and the professional customers gives us the opportunity for an OReilly store growth in many small but very profitable markets that fall when they are on nightly [ph] distribution model. Since we are in the middle of the CSK conversion, we have decided to set our goal for new store growth next year at 150 installations. There are few new stores planned for the West Coast this coming year. The expansion will continue to be more concentrated in the Eastern states serviced out at Greensboro and Atlanta as well as the Ohio Valley state serviced out at the NDDC and our recently converted Detroit distribution center. I would like to take this opportunity to recognize the great job that the corporate departments and the teams in the field have done in planning, installing and staffing our new store expansion, especially considering they had also been very involved in the CSK acquisition and the integration plans. Now for some additional remarks on the CSK store and distribution center conversions. As Greg outlined in his comments, the computer conversions in the stores and the expansion of the distribution centers is moving forward according to plan. Last spring, the Detroit distribution center was converted to start servicing the 79 converted Murray stores in the Detroit area. It also played an important role in supporting and supplying our new stores in Ohio, in Michigan this year. The remaining converted Murray stores in Chicago moved to our Indianapolis DC. And our distribution centers in Lubbock, Minneapolis, and Billings began supplying the other 123 converted Checker stores. As you may recall, this first group of Murray and Checker stores involve complete inventory list, resets of the front display floor, new computer installations, and going to our daily inventory replenishment. We have now finished installing interior OReilly packages in all these stores, and with the exception of a couple of stores, all the exterior signage has been converted to the OReilly brand. Now moving to the west. The Seattle DC was opened in November, and as Greg described, 193 stores Kragen had been converted over to a lot of computer system. Our Moreno Valley DC opened last month and will follow the same conversion schedule for the 238 Kragen stores that we did in Seattle of approximately 30 stores per weekend. And then in March we will reopen a new distribution center in Denver and begin the conversion of the 84 Checker stores in that market. In May we have opened the distribution center in Salt Lake City and followed with the 86 Checker store conversion. And then in August we returned to California to move our current distribution center in Dixon into a brand new 520 square foot building in Stockton. This will allow us to complete the conversion of the remaining 276 stores, again following a 30 store per week schedule. Then in early December the last piece in the puzzle will be converted to the system in our Phoenix distribution center, and the last Checker stores in Arizona, New Mexico will be converted. This will be last conversion in the change. The store conversions will take place on the same weekend. The end result will be all CHK DCs and all CHK stores will be fully converted to OReilly system and the OReilly distribution model by the end of 2010. Our entire team has done a great job of planning and executing the conversion process in both the DCs and the stores. These conversions especially with the tight schedule we are working within would not be possible without the contribution of literally thousands of team members in the core OReilly stores going to the CSK conversion stores for weeks at a time to help install and train. It is very rewarding to see our core OReilly team members work side by side with our new West Coast team as we implement our systems and our goal dual market business strategy. Our store installation teams have started to reset of the front floors in the West Coast stores, which is entirely different and independent of the computer conversion schedule. Depending on the scope of the project, we will be able to do around 30 store projects per week. Immediately following the resets of the store fixtures and a new plan grant each store will have interior remodel work done and new OReilly interior to cope that is installed. The planning and the permitting for new OReilly signs to re-brand the stores is well underway in the West Coast. Our goal is to have the store re-branding completed by the middle of next year as well as any interior upgrade and maintenance needed. Now to add a few comments regarding the progress and the growth of our business at west. With the exception of this few front room lines left to be converted the product line upgrade and hard part additions are finished. We have very good coverage in all stores that is supported by larger inventory and strategically placed hub stores. Of course as the new DC is opened we gained the advantage of having over 100,000 skews available each night and some time during the day with the store close to the DC. Our DIY pricing has been adjusted to be more competitive in each market and our retail advertising which includes print and radio is focusing on the increase product availability and more competitive prices along with continue to educate the customer on the transition to the OReilly brand. The co-branding is done very well, which helped us to decided re-brand store to OReilly soon than what we have originally planned. In regard to the installer side of our business, the inventory upgrade have been important in rolling our business along with improving our service levels and providing great delivery service to our professional customers. Our sales team consisting of full time territory sales managers and store sales specialist are very focused on developing sound relationships with our professional customers. We are very pleased with how the new OReilly team members in the conversion CSK Stores have taken the new OReilly programs, and are executing the dual market sales strategy in their markets. We are also very confident we will continue to have strong sales results and gain market share as the stores convert to our computer systems, and have better inventory availability with the new distribution centers. Now, I would like to briefly take a few comments to discuss our OReilly managers conference that was held last month in Nashville at the Grand Ole Opry Hotel Convention Center. There were over 4500 OReilly management and sales team members from our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices. The conference program involved both operations and sales training, which was customized to the individual store divisions. In addition to the OReilly training sessions, our vendors held a product show, as well as a number of key, in-depth product training seminars for our team. Our general sessions were designed to recognize our high achievers, as well as to discuss the challenges and opportunities ahead of our company, and the role that each of us play in achieving our sales and profit goal. This is also the first time that our new West Coast store managers attended the conference, and proved to be a huge benefit in helping them feel more part of the team, and see up close what the OReilly culture is all about. Our management sales teams left Nashville very enthusiastically about the opportunities ahead of us, and with an increased level of determination to gain market share this year in their individual markets. To finish my comments, I would like to thank our 45,000 OReilly team members for their hard work and their commitment to help make this a very successful year for the Company. This success has been based on a true team effort and contribution. Many of our team members were part of the CSK conversion stores. Others were very involved in the actual conversion, and planning and execution. And core OReilly stores and distribution center team members stayed totally focused on growing our core OReilly business. Judging from our Companys performance, everyone did an outstanding job, and again, I would like to thank everyone for that job last year. With that, Ill turn it over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now well move on to the numbers. For the quarter, sales increased $59 million, 5% over the prior year to $1.17 billion. The increase was attributable to a $30 million increase in comp store sales, a $31 million increase in non-comp new store sales, flat sales and non-comp non-store sales, and a $2 million decrease in stores merged and closed in 2008. For the year, sales increased $1.27 billion, 36% over the prior year to $4.85 billion. The increase was attributable to $189 million increase in comp store sales, a $145 million increase in non-comp new store sales, a $4 million increase in non-comp non-store sales, $935 million in CSK sales for the period when we did not own CSK in the comparative period in 2008, which was January 1st through July 11th, and the $2 million decrease in stores merged and closed in 2008. For 2010, we estimate our total revenue will be between $5.1 billion and $5.2 billion. Moving on to gross profit, gross profit was 48.5% of sales for the quarter versus 46.2% the prior year. The improvement was driven by the improved product acquisition costs negotiated with vendors, based on our increased post-acquisition purchasing levels. For 2010, we have to make gross profit as a percent of sales, will be 48.1% to 48.4% of sales. And inherent in this range, is $25 million of incremental buying synergies we will see primarily in the first quarter, offset in part by decreased distribution costs associated with the ramp up of the efficiencies at our new distribution centers, and pressure on the gross margin as a larger mix of the total business is done on a commercial side, which carries a lower gross margin percentage. Where we end up in the range, will be driven largely by how successful we are at adding commercial sales in the converted stores, which will put pressure on the gross margin percent sales, but will be incremental to gross margin dollars per store which is our focus. SG&A for the quarter was 37.8% of sales, versus 39.0% in the prior year. Excluding acquisition related charges, SG&A was 37.7% of sales, versus 37.9% in the prior year. Leverage on SG&A came from increased sales per store. On a per store basis excluding adjustments, SG&A dollars were up slightly from the fourth quarter of 2008. That slight increase is comprised of decreases in headquarters, advertising and general store expenses, offset by increases in store payroll, related to the cost of store conversions and the cost of launching additional commercial programs in converted stores. For 2010, we expect SG&A dollars per store to be slightly down. Well continue to invest significant dollars in store conversions, training, and new commercial programs, but we expect this to be fully offset by increased synergies on headquarters and advertising and increased sales driven by our store investments made in 2009. Operating margin for the quarter was 10.7% of sales, an improvement of 345 basis points over the prior year. Excluding acquisition adjustments, the quarterly operating margin increased 244 basis points. For 2009, operating margin was 11.1% of sales, and is quickly closing in on our pre-acquisition LTM operating margin of 11.8% for the period ended June, 2008. We were very encouraged on the rapid progress we have made in returning our operating margin to pre-acquisition levels, in such a relatively short period of time. We expect our operating margins for 2010 to exceed the pre-acquisition operating margins. A little bit about interest. Net interest expense for the quarter was $11 million, which was $2 million less than the prior year on lower LIBOR, offset in part by higher debt levels. For 2010, we expect net interest expense of $41million to $43 million based on lower average debt levels. This estimate is also subject to unforeseen changes in LIBOR levels to the extent our debt is not swapped to fixed rate. The tax provision for the quarter was 38.0% of pretax income, as opposed  excuse me  as compared to 37.7% in the prior year. The fourth quarter results were favorable to our third quarter guidance due to the favorable resolution of certain tax issues. For 2010, we expect our tax rate as a percent of pretax income to be 38.0% to 38.4%, as compared to 38.1% for all of 2009. Where we fall within this range, will be dependent on resolution of open tax year audits that occurred during the year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.52 per share, which represents an increase of 41% over the fourth quarter of 2008. For the year adjusted diluted earnings per share was $2.26, a 38% increase over the prior year. Now moving on to the balance sheet. The average inventory per store at the end of the year was $559,000, which was a 17% increase from the prior year average of $478,000. The increase was in the CSK stores, as the core OReilly stores average inventory approximated historical levels. The increase was a result of changeovers of CSK stores, which added a much wider breadth of SKUs available at each store, combined with the CSK stores systems  excuse me, combined with the stores on the CSK System, receiving only one stock order a week which necessitates more stocking depth. In 2009, we intentionally flooded the CSK stores with hard parts, to get them back in our hard parts business. In 2010, we are focused on refining the inventory mix at the CSK stores, and as the new distribution centers come online, well be able to reduce the stocking depth at the CSK stores. Based on these 2010 initiatives, we expect only to increase our total investment slightly in 2010, despite opening a 150 new stores and adding three distribution centers. Our reserve for LIFO at the end of the quarter was $8.7 million, which was a decrease of $4.1 million in the previous quarter. This change in our last buy to LIFO inventory reserve did not have material impact on gross margin for the quarter. Accounts payable of $818 million was 42.8% of inventory, as compared to 46.9% in the prior year. Our AP to inventory ratio at the end of 2008, benefited from special extended dating on changeover orders. In 2010, we expect our AP to inventory ratio will continue to be under pressure as we work excess inventory out of, and through the system. Capital expenditures were $98 million for the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $415 million, which was within our estimate of a 2009 CapEx spend of $400 million to $420 million we discussed on our third quarter call. For 2010, we anticipate capital expenditures will be $400 million to $440 million, as we complete our DC projects and continue to invest heavily in store conversions. Excluding conversion CapEx, maintenance CapEx in our 150 new stores would be approximately in the $250 million range. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $37 million, and a $148 million respectively. For 2010, we expect depreciation and amortization to be $154 million to $159 million. Moving on to debt. Total borrowings were $791 million at the end of December, this year, compared $733 million at the end of 2008. The increased debt of $58 million has been used to fund new store growth at the core OReilly stores, and a conversion investment, including both CapEx and net inventory of the acquired CSK stores. However, the majority of these investments have been covered by internally generated cash flow. For the year, we have increased our debt outstanding on our ABL by $65 million. However, because of the increases in our borrowing base, availability under the revolver has actually increased slightly to $445 million, providing us with ample available credit. For 2010, we expect to reduce our total outstanding borrowings by a $150 million to $200 million. Included in this reduction, is our planned redemption of a $100 million legacy CSK convertible notes in December. Our plan is to fund this with our existing ABL, which will still allow us significant financial flexibility. Now for some other financial information. Cash flow from operating activities for the quarter was a use of $4 million versus a positive $9 million in the prior year. Both numbers reflect the seasonal nature of our cash flows from operating activities. For year, cash flow from operating activities decreased $13 million to $285 million, driven by the higher income, offset by our large investment in net inventory. For the year, free cash flow was the use of a $130 million as we invested heavily in inventory and CapEx for the DC expansion and store conversions. We expect free cash flow to swing to a positive $120 million to $150 million in 2010, as we continue again to invest heavily in CapEx, but do not have a significant investment in that inventory. Stock option expense for the quarter was $3.2 million compared to $2.5 million in the prior year, and the year-to-date stock option expense was $13.5 million, compared to $8 million in the prior year, with the increase being driven by the options issued in connection with the CSK acquisition. For 2010, we expect stock option expense to be approximately $16 million. Let me finish by recapping our overall guidance. For the first quarter, our comparable store sales guidance is 2% to 4%, and for the year, our comparable store sales guidance increases to 3% to 5%, as we see the positive impact of more converted CSK stores. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance for the first quarter is from $0.56 to $0.60 on a 139.5 million shares, and our adjusted GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance for the full year is from $2.50 to $2.56 on 140.3 million shares. At this time, Id like to ask Mandy our operator to come back, and well be happy to answer questions. Mandy?
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operator instructions) We will now take our first question from the line of Gary Balter with Credit Suisse.
Matt Gardner  Credit Suisse: Its actually Matt Gardner. A couple questions on the conversion process. As we think about the evolution of the performance of those converted stores as you roll them out. Can we use Checkers  the Checkers progression, as sort of what you think the normal run-rate would be? And seeing  going back a couple quarters, they started out negative, then they sort of got back into positive range two quarters out. And now youre up 8.5. How sort of a typical is that for most of the converted stores as they roll out?
Ted Wise: As we said, the stores that we converted in the center of the country are much different than a pure conversion standpoint. Although the ultimate result, we feel would be very similar. I think the comparison there would be, that in the stores in the center of the country, we saw pretty significant dips in performance that were the result of closing the store for a week, as we did the conversion. And then just the shock of training, all the products being relocated in the store, just a very disruptive process that caused the sales to be soft, and for the stores not to comp very well for a maybe a four week period, or maybe longer than that in some cases. We wont see the downturn in sales to the degree that we did in the center of the country stores, in the western stores that I think the end result will be similar. And that varies by market. We have more opportunity in some markets than others obviously. But I dont think it would be unreasonable to ultimately expect performance comparable to what were seeing now in the Checker stores.
Matt Gardner  Credit Suisse: Okay. As youve done the Schucks stores over the last  sort of the last couple months since November, any surprises there positive or negative?
Ted Wise: No. We knew when we did the Schucks stores, when we did, that we were going to be comparing to an unusual weather period in Seattle last year, where we had a huge snowstorm that drove a lot of tire chain sales, and other things that you wouldnt normally sell. From a sales trim perspective, we were happy with the lack of disruption in the Seattle converted stores, and have been pleased with the conversion progress not only in Seattle, but also the performance of the stores in Southern California that are being converted to be supplied out of Moreno Valley.
Matt Gardner  Credit Suisse: Okay. Just on the SG&A front. Youve got the guidance on a per store basis, I guess should be up slightly versus 2009. How do we think about how the spending evolves throughout the quarter? Is there any lumpiness to SG&A spend related to the DCs as they roll out? When do you start to see some of the elevated SG&A spend start to drop off as you get past the conversion process? Is it a late 2010 event? Is it going to come in 2011?
Tom McFall: This is Tom. First thing Id like to say, is in my prepared comments on distribution costs, I inadvertently said that were going to see a decrease in distribution costs. Of course, that is incorrect. We expect to see as a percent of sales, an increase this year as we open new DCs that are not efficient. Now, let me move on to your specific question. Distribution costs will be  are included in gross margin. But as we open more DCs, and we have more DCs that arent fully efficient, therell be more of a drag in the end of the year. But our distribution teams will work quickly to get the training done that needs to happen, so get them efficient again. When we look at SG&A, on a regional basis SG&A will be very lumpy. But on total, because were doing about the same number of conversions each month, wed expect it to be relatively consistent across the year, with the exception of our normal seasonality which lines up with stronger sales in the second and third quarter.
Matt Gardner  Credit Suisse: And then just lastly on the gross margin line, if we go back to the second quarter, I think the guidance that you had for the back half of the year, gross margin backed off a little bit. The gross margin would come down a little bit related to commodity costs, and I think we ended up actually being above what the 2Q run-rate was. I am just curious, as to what do you think  what was the incremental driver of the stronger gross margins as we went into the back half of the year?
Tom McFall: What we see  obviously, a lot of it has to do with finishing up deals with major vendors, and getting the accounting right. But what we also see is, when we have slower sales in the fourth and first quarter, driven by fewer commodity weather items, it hurts our top line, but helps the gross margin percentage, because those products tend to not carry the as high gross margin percentage.
Operator: Your next question is from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Market.
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: Two questions. First of all, Can you just talk little bit about the competitive dynamics, especially on the commercial side, that the western CSK stores are going to encounter as you ramp up that commercial business?
Ted Wise: Sure. Well, theres plenty of competitors out there as there are in every market. Theres several smaller chains out there that do a good job in commercial. Theres several what we call, two step operations that basically exist just to service commercial customers. And theyre all tough competitors. We take them one at a time by market, evaluate their strategy, pricing, inventory, the service levels theyre able to provide. And come up with a combination for us, it allow us to incrementally develop relationships with customers and start working to take our fair share of the market.
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, just a clarification on the guidance. I think this time last year you basically guided 2009 to about $1.85, and yet you ended up around $2.25. Can you guys just kind of give a little bit more description, a little bit more color on how youre thinking about the outlook for 2010? Thanks.
Greg Henslee: Well, Ill make a few comments and if Tom wants to make some comments, he may have some additional comments that, what I would say is that as we look to 2010, its hard to look forward in a year that the US economy and consumers continue to be under the pressure theyre under, and be real aggressive from a sales standpoint. Now, at the same time, were very enthused about the opportunity that we have in the western US, with the implementation of our business model that will come to fruition this year, as we open our distribution centers. Were hopeful that our comparable store sales and resulting earnings are better than what we would expect. But again, thats yet to be seen. The other factor is just purely from an expense standpoint, theres a lot of work to do to do these conversions. And theres a lot of expense related to these conversions. And thats baked in to our guidance. Now certainly, we leverage any expense with great sales. But I think that our sales guidance is reasonable and their resulting earnings would be reasonable based on that.
Tom McFall: Scot, the two things I would add is, obviously, were very excited about our results for 2009, a very good year. A couple of items in relation to being so much higher above our initial guidance would be, one, we were successful through a lot of hard work from our merchandising staff and our field teams by changing over products earlier, and pushing up the synergy dollars in 2009. We have a pretty good handle on where margin is going to be this year within a much narrower band. The second piece would be when we did the 2009 guidance, LIBOR rates have bounced around quite a bit for the couple months previous to that and that provided some tail wind for us too. LIBOR rates cant go much lower than they are now.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question is from the line of Michael Baker with Deutsche Bank.
Adam Sindler  Deutsche Bank: Hi, this is actually Adam, in for Mike. Good morning. Two questions if I may. You talked a little bit about the difficult comparisons in December last year kind of impacting the comp. I was hoping you could maybe discuss some other sort of factors in the quarter, one of them being miles driven that you discussed down versus the second and third quarters of the year. But then also there was a competitor on the other day discussing how they felt that they were not in the competitive position in the front half of the year, kind of changed their pricing in the back half of the year. And then we saw another competitor this morning who also was a little bit light on the top line. Wondering if you could maybe reconcile some of those comments for us and how you look at the fourth quarter, really what was the major driver of comps at the low end there?
Tom McFall: Well, what we saw in the fourth quarter was that we had a relatively strong third quarter. Fourth quarter started off strong. December business from a comp store sales perspective softened some on tough comparisons. And we had a good December last year, 2007, we had a soft December. We related the softer comps comparing to 2008, of course, to the fact that the consumers have been under a lot of pressure, gas prices were up over 2008. And that there wasnt as much discretionary spending as what there would be and what there was available was being used as much as possible holiday gifts and things like that. From a competitive standpoint, weve heard the same things that you have heard about the things our two competitors said. And the earlier mention, of course, they went through a process I think of adjusting their pricing and I think they are more competitive than they were before. Retail, I dont think weve seen that on the commercial side. I dont know to what degree that affects us. We would be limited on the other competitor from an exposure standpoint to just the eastern half of the country. But we really havent seen a material effect from that at this point. Its hard to measure that of course. We work hard to keep our prices competitive. And we never feel that weve gotten ourselves to a point where were just done. I mean, its a weekly process, a daily process. There is a team here that works on maintaining competitive retail prices and competitive prices for our repair shop partners and thats never a completed process. And theres never a time that we shop a complete line and some of our competitors havent changed their prices. So, we wouldnt have, I dont think notice a significant change with the change in the strategy or the adjustments to some our competitors that they would make.
Adam Sindler  Deutsche Bank: And just one quick follow-up if I may. The thousand West Coast stores; I believe we are using estimates of $1.3 million per store broken down by about $1.1 million retail, $200,000 commercial. Has that changed at all significantly during this process changing out products? Or is that a 
Greg Henslee: I think thats a pretty close point on average. The commercial business right now is growing pretty well in those stores. So over some period of time, the commercial business will grow. We dont expect the retail business of course, to decline. We expect to grow that too, the commercial business right is growing faster than the retail business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alan Rifkin with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Alan Rifkin  Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Greg, now that the accelerated conversion of about 30 stores a week is well underway, can you possibly shed some color on the performance of the stores in the weeks immediately following a conversion? And then also from an expense standpoint are you becoming more efficient in the conversion process?
Greg Henslee: Well, first just the performance of the stores following conversion. There is two ways of looking at it. One, you have to look at just the sales trend the store was on. And two, you have to look at the comparisons that they are up against, so you dont get fooled by just the comp percentage that we may see. As I mentioned earlier, when we converted the Seattle stores, we started that process, I think it was November 9th, and we had eight stores in the first week and then we moved to 30, and then we had a couple holidays in there. Those stores were we knew were coming up on an unusual winter storm that they had last year that caused a real high spike in sales in those stores last year. So, we knew we had comparison issues. In looking at those stores sales trend, the stores stayed pretty much on track, and we didnt see much disruption from the conversion. Certainly that first day, two days you have training issues youre not as fast at point of sale. But these conversions really just arent as disruptive as the ones which is in the center of the country. In Southern California, now that weve got some of the Moreno Valley stores under our belt, what were seeing and again, business changes day-to-day, week to week based on a lot of different factors. But were not seeing much change in the comp trend in those stores as they convert. They continue to operate very well under very normal weather in Southern California. There very seldom a weather event in Southern California as you know. And Ted you may
Ted Wise:
 : Well leverage our payroll better through sales growth obviously but also being able to implement our scheduling system on the computers in the store and fine tune our payroll cost on the West Coast this year.
Tom McFall: And Alan, just to make sure we answered the second part of your question on our ability to become more efficient in the actually conversion, there really isnt much to gain there. What we spend the put a tenured core OReilly team member on a plane, travel him out there, the travel expenses, their payroll being out there. In the busier stores, you might have two that do this at the same time to make sure there is plenty of training help for the store. There is really is not much we can do to optimize that other than make sure we benefit from it as much as we can, at the store being trained. So, theres really not much to gain there.  Our opportunity, as Ted said, is to just operate these stores more efficiently, which were working towards through the ways we manage payroll, and the way we manage what we call a wage pyramid in the store, to make sure that we have team members that are entry level, team members that are in the middle of the wage range, that are good parts specialists and then of course, the management of the store.
Alan Rifkin  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And one follow-up Greg, if I may. With respect to these 141 Murray stores, we certainly get a lot of questions from investors with respect to these stores. And even though it only represents by our estimate, 2% to 3% of your revenues, are your still committed to these stores, and are these Murray stores still in fact profitable?
Greg Henslee: They are profitable. As a whole, were very committed to them. We have got one of our best operations guys up there running those, the divisional VP that is responsible for those, is a very tenured OReilly management member. He spends a lot of time in Detroit, a lot of time in Chicago. Were of course doing better in Chicago, than we are in Detroit. Detroit is a very challenging economy. Were taking these stores through a very significant transition. These stores were very different than an OReilly auto parts store. We focus on hard parts, application parts, automotive only merchandise. Being a great supplier to the, Ill call it, the medium to heavy do-it-yourselfer and to commercial customers. And these stores were stores they carried a lot of  they had a lot of automotive coverage of course, not nearly to the degree that we would, but they had many ancillary products, and non-automotive products that they would run promotions on at aggressive prices to bring traffic in to the store. And by taking those out, weve put ourselves in a comparison position to where we dont compare very well from a sales standpoint. But on a by category basis, several of our hard parts categories are performing very well. And were very committed to turning these into very profitable auto parts stores over time, and being a dominant factor in Chicago and Detroit.
Tom McFall: Alan, this is Tom, What I would add to that is  because the Murray stores were selling a lot of non-core products, previous to conversion, their averages were higher than the Company average because of those extra products. So when we look at the comp gross margin dollars in those stores, its significantly better than the comp sales because a lot of those ancillary products did not carry very good gross margins.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, Tony.
Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: I guess I have a question on, now that the Seattle distribution center is up, and you got that market going, can you provide a little bit more color or detail on how you approach growing the commercial side, now that you have sort of the replenishment up and what youre doing in that market to try and win new business?
Greg Henslee: Ted, do you want to speak to that?
Ted Wise: Tony, actually, most of the infrastructure has been put in place. We started last year, as far as looking at the staffing models in the store, realizing that we were going to have a better hard parts selection, first of all, very soon, immediately. But then as we opened the DCs, we had the next layer of supply. So we started building stronger teams in the store from a  we call him ISS installer service specialists, improving the hard parts mix, evaluating the territories around the stores and building new territories for more accounts. Their model was to call on a lot of the large accounts, but they overlooked a lot of the small shops around the store. So weve sort of reengineered how they made sales calls, increased the number of TSMs. and like I said, progress its a work in progress of implementing new installer service centers in the stores, we call them first call centers, and just consistency, and building relationships at the installer level and its working. And we feel like the additional inventory now, particularly some of the brands that we had added towards the end of the year, last year. In the last one, for instance, was like wick filters, we just changed over which is a more traditional line of oil filters and air filters. So were really in good shape from a product standpoint obviously with the new DCs, couldnt be in better shape with the supply chain. And well just continue to make consistent calls, and give great customer service level. Dial into the competitive pricing, which theres different competitors in different markets, so you have to be competitive if youre going to get the business. And just grow the business. Which is  its a process, it doesnt happen overnight, because its so relationship based. And quite honestly, the Seattle area had a pretty good foundation to grow from. They had proportionately, probably a better installer mix of business, than what a lot of the Kragen and Checker stores did.
Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: So, would you categorize that market as a better market than what you would see going into Greensboro, and building out commercial?
Ted Wise: Its a bigger market. You take a Greensboro, for example, versus Seattle and Portland, so yes, theres more installer business. Its probably more fragmented with two steppers. So Id say its a stronger market just from a pure population count and car count.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Lasser with Barclays Capital.
Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital: Thanks a lot. Its Michael Lasser from Barclays Capital.
Greg Henslee: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lasser  Barclays Capital: How are you? Since it seems like this will be a big year for investing and conversion process, can you perhaps quantify some of those costs, so we can have a better sense of what the longer term margin outlook might be once youll be done absorbing these expenses? And Ill fit in a quick follow-up, is there any impact on the gross margin from the excess inventory investment that you made in the CSK stores?
Tom McFall: Ill answer both of those. From a margin standpoint, where we get to an operating margin is going to be driven by where we can build the commercial business in the total average store sales to leverage both the payroll that weve put in from a commercial standpoint and the high fixed cost of CSK. Were not prepared at this point to quantify what our payroll percentage is, but after this year, we have a significant opportunity to get better on leveraging payroll. And theres a decent discrepancy between the core OReilly payroll percentage, and what we are running at CSK now is which is kind of what you would expect. The second question on inventory  the answer to that is no. The margin that weve driven is based on the products that we sell. And converting or really reducing our inventory I call it right sizing our inventory this year will not have a material impact on our gross margin percentages.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of follow-ups here. I know that you disclosed the Schucks numbers, alongside the core OReilly numbers. And just to make sure I understand what the core, I guess, pre-acquisition OReilly stores had done from your discussion during the call, it sounds like the Schucks numbers are probably under some pressure, given the compare, such that the core OReilly stores probably did a little bit better, than the combined number that you disclosed in the release?
Tom McFall: Thats correct.
Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs: Is that materially better, like half a point, a point something like that or in any of that.
Tom McFall: I would consider it not material, and not to the extent that you described it.
Matthew Fassler  Goldman Sachs: Got you, okay. And then secondly, if you could discuss when during the year you think the inventory growth rate will see an inflection point? Clearly it sounds like by year-end I think you are into meeting inventory might actually be down or at least pretty close to flat. When do you think you start to work those numbers down?
Greg Henslee: Were working on it right now. And I think well see progress depending on what weve done here in the next 40 days or so. We may see some progress in the first quarter. I think by the end of the year, you would again see some  there is a slight increase as we open new stores and distribution centers. Well see a dip before then, going back up to slight increases at the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gregory Melich with Morgan Stanley.
Mike Montagna  Morgan Stanley: Hey, guys. This is Mike in for Greg. Just, wanted to ask two quick questions. One was really with respect to synergies now. And Tom, I think you alluded theres still some pretty good opportunities on the COGS side from purchasing. Can your just refresh us? Is that a still sort of a 70/30 split between COGS versus SG&A? And some of the other opportunities you have in payroll that you just mentioned? 
Tom McFall: In our prepared comments, we pointed to $25 million of incremental buying synergies this year. When you look at our run-rate of gross margin last year, you can see when our major deals got done, our acquisition costs got diffused. So most of that will fall in the first quarter. From a headquarters SG&A synergies  purely synergies standpoint, we have opportunities this year, and part of that is going to be offset by investing in district managers, and TSMs as Ted discussed earlier to really get the feel of the operational support they need to go out and grow the business.
Mike Montagna  Morgan Stanley: Great. And then just quickly as a follow-up, on the comp side, obviously, some deceleration from the 5-3 to the 2-7. Just looking at a very high level, wondering if you can quantify, first, maybe on a traffic and ticket basis, what might have de-accelerated a bit? Was it more just traffic or just pricing pressure on ticket? And secondarily, DIY versus DIFM, if you could give us a feel for where you shake out.
Greg Henslee: Yes. Well, our DIFM business is growing a little bit better than what our DIY business is. Ticket count in average I think were both  if you compare to the third quarter, both would be affected a little bit. Is that correct, Tom?
Tom McFall: Thats correct.
Greg Henslee: I think to add to kind of add to the comment I made earlier about consumers just being under pressure and the holiday season putting already strapped consumers under more pressure, I think was manifested for us in a slightly lower ticket average. And then of course, just some decreased traffic as compared to the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company.
Scott Stember  Sidoti & Company: Afternoon. Just one question. When you look at your guidance next year, what are you assuming will be the commercial to retail mix to CSK stores on the West coast?
Greg Henslee: I think that were going to be hesitant to answer that question. Obviously, on the West Coast we would expect to grow the commercial business faster than the DIY business based on just penetration.
Ted Wise: Yes, if we were 85/15 out there now or something like that, we would expect something like that we would expect the commercial business to grow faster in the year at more of a  I dont know maybe  a slight improvement towards the do-it-for-me growing a little faster. But inherent within that is we want to as Greg commented, we want to grow and there is potential out there to grow the DIY side of the business. And CSK has given up a lot of market share over time.
Greg Henslee: Yes, for the first time over several years, CSK from a retail standpoint has got a hard parts inventory competitive pricing, which we should see some nice growth from that. It wont happen overnight. Its going to take a while to kind of remake the image of their availability and competitive pricing for the retail but it will happen slowly and surely.
Ted Wise: And incrementally, most likely Scott, well get to 80/20, 75/25. In what time that happens is a little bit of an unknown now. But over some period of time most of the stores out there would probably be similar to what we are in core OReilly with that approximate 50/50 mix. Although there are some of the locations that are in the locations that will always drive more retail than what they do commercial. So, if you looked at those stores as a whole, we may never get them to a 50/50 but most stores would eventually get to that.
Scott Stember  Sidoti and Company: Thats all I have. Thanks.
Greg Henslee: You bet, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Colin McGranahan with Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan  Bernstein: Good morning. Thanks for extending the call here for us.
Greg Henslee: Youre welcome, Colin.
Colin McGranahan  Bernstein: Tom, you mentioned in 2010, that you thought the operating margin would be above pre-acquisition levels. Were you referring to the 12.1 margin in 07, like the peak pre-acquisition level of 12.4, I guess was in 2006?
Tom McFall: I was referring to the 11.8 that I gave as the last LTM before we acquired CSK.
Colin McGranahan  Bernstein: Got you, okay, thats helpful. And then, just more specifically on gross margin, as you think youve obviously had a fair amount of experience now seeing how the converted stores ramped. If the stores on the West Coast ramp like you would expect, and I think you maybe said Checkers is a decent example for that. How should we think about what have you planned as the mix headwind on gross margins as you get toward the end of 2010, and maybe just thinking about 2011 as a full-year? In your plan, what does that mean in terms of gross margin mix headwind to overcome? Because I think you said you thought you might be able to maintain these gross margin rates.
Tom McFall: Colin, is your question focused more 2011 or 2010? Just so I can answer it?
Colin McGranahan  Bernstein: Tom, obviously in 2010, the stores are going to be converting, youre building the commercial business. So there is a lot of moving parts in there. So maybe think about 11, and Im not asking for guidance or anything like that. You kind of get those stores fully converted, and again 2010 is going to be weird, because youre doing conversions throughout the year. But 2011 is going to be a clean year. Youre going to start with all the stores converted. My guess is your plan is those stores are going to be comping high single digits. And so, youre going to be facing a mix headwind, Im just trying to see how to think about that gross margin mix headwind
Tom McFall: When sitting here right now just to give a general perspective of how we look at the numbers for 2011. We will continue  as you pointed out more commercial business or a higher percentage of the mix of commercial business will put a pressure on 2011. When we look at 2011, we will also going to be looking at distribution costs that are  dont include all those conversion costs  which have put a drag on this years margins. So we would expect to see  given kind of where we think mix of commercial, DIY, will be that well be relatively consistent in gross margin for 2011. When we get beyond 2011, its really going to be how much lower margin  incremental to our operating cost, commercial gross margin dollars get added to the mix.
Colin McGranahan  Bernstein: Okay. Thats very helpful, Tom. Thank you. And then just one quick follow-up. Thinking about the West Coast stores as they convert, is it fair to think and you are not going to ever tell us, so its a good answer; were not going to get the detail. But is it fair to think that your plan is high single digit comps in those stores after their fully converted for the following year?
Greg Henslee: Colin, I think were very hopeful of being very effective in growing the commercial business out there and doing a better job on the retail side of the business, than what CSK has done. I think the guidance that we gave for the year is reasonable. I think that our internal expectation would be that we generate comparable store sales higher than our guidance, which is the reason that we bought CSK. And we have every reason to believe that well end up being very successful in the commercial business in the western half of the country, which would drive higher comps. Now, the time frames in which were able to penetrate those markets are a bit of an unknown. And then well continue to update our guidance throughout the year as were able to measure the effectiveness of the programs we put in place. So, right now wed like to stick with the 3% to 5% guidance we have put in place for the year. But over time, we would hope that wed do better than that, at least in the western CSK stores.
Operator: We have reached our allotted times for questions. Mr. Henslee, do you have any closing comments?
Greg Henslee: Well, I would just like to thank everyone for their attendance on the call this morning and their continued interest in OReilly Auto Parts. Well be working hard for the remainder of the first quarter, to generate good results in the first quarter and for the remainder of the year. And well update you on our first quarter performance with the analysts call, once completed. So thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer David OReilly - Executive Chairman Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Gary Balter - Credit Suisse Colin McGranahan - Bernstein Scott Stember - Sidoti Dan Wewer - Raymond James Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market Mark Mandel - FTN Equity Capital Alan Rifkin - Bank of America Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Terry and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the 2009 OReilly Automotive third quarter earnings release. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall. Sir, you may begin. 
Tom McFall: Thank you, Terry. Good morning everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, Id like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protections of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such as the statements discussing among other things expected growth, store developments, integration and expansion, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factor section of the companys Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for more details. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our third quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer; David OReilly, our Executive Chairman is also present. Its now been a little over 15 months since we closed on our acquisition of CSK Auto and went about the task of integrating the two companies. Clearly, this has been a huge undertaking considering the pure scope of the work that has been done and is yet to be done to complete this integration. Im extremely proud of the spirit, in which our management team has approached this large task and Im very pleased with our results so far. All the way from consolidating corporate headquarters functions to showing our new customers in the western half of the country, what OReilly Auto Parts is all about, I think our team has done a great job getting combined company off to a great start. At the same time, were very fortunate to have such a solid team driving our business in the core OReilly markets. Weve not missed a beat in our core markets as weve gone about the process of combining the two companies, and I think that speaks volumes to the quality of our core team and to the commitment our team members make to our culture values and to ensuring our companys success and I want to congratulate all 44,000 members of team OReilly for the great job theyve done in the third quarter. We continue to try and disclose as much information as we think is reasonable considering the competitive environment with regard to the components of our comparable store sales. Similar to the disclosure of our second quarter performance, we again want to speak to each of the components that contributed to our 5.3% consolidated comp store sales growth during the third quarter. We plan to disclose each of these components again when we report our fourth quarter and year end performance in February of next year. However, we plan to go back to reporting our companys total comparable store sales performance as a single consolidated comparison with our 2010 reporting. Business during the third quarter generally remained very steady throughout the period. Continuing the trend, weve experienced throughout the year, and that steady trend has continued to this point in the fourth quarter. The stores that are on the OReilly point of sales system generated a 5.3% increase in comparable store sales. Ill break the OReilly system generated comp down into the following three components: core OReilly, the 123 Checker Store conversions located in Texas, New Mexico, Montana and the Upper Midwest and the 141 Murrays story located in the Detroit and Chicago areas. The core OReilly stores performed very well and were very pleased with the continued strong sales performance and the 6.8% comp store sales growth we achieved for the quarter. As I mentioned, we have an extremely strong team in our core OReilly markets and its always encouraging to see such strong performance in our mature markets. We continually work to adapt to competitors strategies and ensure were doing all we can reasonably do to take market share in existing markets. Were very pleased, that our core stores continue to perform so well and Ive been able to take advantage of some of tailwinds currently provided our industry with fuel prices having stayed reasonably low and miles driven on the increase as people defer replacing their older cars and instead maintain and drive them. The next component of the OReilly system generated comp is the 123 Checkers Stores located in the center of the country that have been completely converted. By that, I mean the old inventory was lifted, the store reset, point of sales system replaced, new inventory installed, and the store reopened as an OReilly store. As weve reported previously, these complete conversions are disruptive and theres a significant training curve post conversion due to all of merchandise being relocated in the store, the different brands and new lines of products as we carry, along with the new point of sales systems. We felt it was best to do these conversions in this way in order for us to begin the lengthy conversion process as soon as possible and to shutdown the CSK distribution in St. Paul, which duplicated the service we were able to provide out of the OReilly distribution center in St. Paul. In order for us to supply those stores out of our distribution centre, we needed to go ahead and abruptly change the merchandise the stores carried to match that carried by our distribution centre. While the conversions have been a little painful, were very happy to report that weve improved our comp store sales performance in these stores from a 3.4% decrease in the second quarter to a 5.2% increase in the third quarter. The really good news behind this increase is the quality of the sales that are being made. These stores have transitioned away from the ancillary non-automotive products and their dependence on weekly promotions to drive sales on commodities to performing well in the core automotive car parts categories. These products generate significantly better margins and the sales are more sustainable based on the demand for repair parts that exists in each market. A noteworthy point, relative to our comp performance in these stores is that as we stated before, the CSK stores were in the priced to be market competitive. That was corrected in the first quarter of this year, so we of course created a comparable headwind by adjusting our prices down. Were also incrementally improving our penetration on the commercial side of the business out of these stores as our programs gain traction and our team members improved their skills in partnering with local shops to provide them the high levels of service that has driven the success of the core OReilly stores over the past 52 years. We expect this side of the business to grow significantly over the next couple of years in all the CSK stores, as we continue to incrementally put our business model in place. The third component of the OReilly system generated comp is the 141 Murrays stores located in Michigan, Illinois and Ohio, primarily in Detroit and Chicago. During the quarter we completed the remaining display area conversions of the 79 Murrays stores located in Michigan and Ohio and at this time all the Murray store conversion works is complete with the exception of some backroom product line additions and changes that are still to come in the Michigan and Ohio stores, as well as some exterior signage work. The 62 Chicago area stores were converted in the second quarter in much the same way we converted the Checkers stores in the middle of country. As weve expressed before, these stores were not the typical CSK stores. Murrays was a much different operation and their product mix differentiated greatly from that from a typical OReilly store, more sold in the other CSK stores. They were completely retail oriented. They carried a significant amount of non-automotive merchandise and were very promotionally dependent. While it would be very difficult to say that were pleased with the 13% decline in comparable store sales we had during the quarter in these stores, I would say that this performance is not at all reflective of what is going on in the stores. The relatively high volume these stores were doing in the past shouldnt be confused with the solid auto parts business that is very sustainable and much more profitable than the lower margin commodities and non-automotive products many of which were completely promotion driven and was the driver of a significant portion of the above averaged sales performance in these stores. These stores are still performing above the average volume of the other CSK stores and business is performing nicely in the core auto parts categories. This is a huge transition for these stores that will ultimately result in greatly improved profitability based on a hard parts oriented product mix and our ability to sustain the business without being overly dependent on promotions to drive traffic, as we work to establish ourselves as not only a destination for the DIY customers leading automotive maintenance and repair products, but as an excellent supplier and partner to the commercial customers in the area. Considering the economic conditions in the Detroit area, with unemployment near 30%, the comparable store sales headwind related to the merchandise mix and the selling price reductions weve put in place, along with the disruption we created with the conversion that we completed in the third quarter, we fully understand the comp store sales decline in these stores and feel confident that this is a transition that will lead to greatly improved profitability in these stores. I want to make sure, Im clear on one point here. The transition that weve taken the Checker and Murrays stores through in the center of the country is much different and much more disruptive than the transition being conducted in the 1,032 stores in the western half of the country. The western CSK stores, which make up the remainder of our comparable store sales base have already changed and updated 90% of their hard parts offering and have adjusted to the new product lines and product mix improvements that weve made. We still have much of the display area work ahead of us in these stores that it will be done incrementally with line changeovers and plan-o-gram updates. Although the stores will have minor resets of display fixtures, parts counters, and interior signage following the replacement of the plan of sale systems as we open our new distribution centers. Ted will be updating you on the conversion plans in a moment, so I wont go and any more details on that at this time, but Im very pleased to announce our comparable store sales growth in the Western CSK stores of 5.2% for the third quarter. Weve done a lot of work out west to improve our inventory coverage and set our prices to be competitive and are very pleased with our performance out there. Weve gained a lot of ground in the commercial business and in many markets and beginning next month with the opening of our Seattle distribution center well be in position to begin the full execution of our dual market strategy in the Pacific Northwest. Generally speaking, were very encouraged with our comp store sales performance in the third quarter and are very pleased with the progress were making in the CSK integration. The excuse of the CSK integration plan is right on schedule and were now starting the most important phase of the conversion plan as we begin opening our new distribution centers in the western half of the country. These openings are key to our ability to execute our dual market strategy and were looking forward to building on the momentum we currently have going in these western markets. Now onto our gross margin performance, for the third quarter we achieved a 290 basis point improvement in our gross margin taking it from 45.6% of sales last year third quarter to 48.5% this year. This improvement continues to be driven by three primary factors: First, the higher mix of retail sales in the CSK stores. Second improved cost of goods as a result of our negotiations with vendors related to the acquisition of CSK and, third, we continue to make better margins on commodities like oil and anti-freeze due to cost of goods reductions related to raw material cost decreases. To this point, weve generally been able to maintain our selling price, which continues to generate higher than usual gross margin in these commodity categories. We continue to be very pleased with the support our vendor partners have shown for this acquisition. As the automakers production has slowed, our integration of CSK has allowed our vendors, many of which supply both OE manufacturers and the aftermarket the opportunity to grow along with us in a period that might have otherwise been very difficult for them. Were very pleased to have such loyal and supportive business partners. Our merchandise and pricing teams put a lot of effort into growing our gross margin while maintaining a competitive price position in each market and we would estimate our gross margin for the year to end up at approximately 47.9%. Our SG&A for the quarter came in at 36.7% of sales, compared to 37.3% last year, a 60 basis point decrease. Were working diligently to incrementally decrease our operating expenses as we grow sales in the converted stores. Contributing pretty significantly, to operating costs this past quarter were the cost of store conversions, the product line updates and changeovers and other conversion type work. With much of that behind us, we feel we have a very significant opportunity to improve productivity in the CSK stores as we proceed through conversion to our point of sale systems and enhance the way we measure individual sales productivity. Were encouraged by the 11.9% operating income we were able to generate in the third quarter. We still got a long way to go to complete the CSK integration process, and feel we have an outstanding opportunity to further leverage our fixed costs in the western half of the country as we grow our sales with the implementation of our dual market strategy, while at the same time, benefiting greatly in the core OReilly stores with the improved gross margin. Were well ahead of the plan we put in place early in the year and feel were in a good position to build on this performance as we finish out 2009, and begin the New Year. Tom will be covering more details of our quarterly financial performance, as well as providing more guidance for the remainder of year in a moment. To summarize, its clear that the lower fuel prices we had experienced in recent months, the decreases in new car sales and increases weve seen in miles driven continues to create a tailwind for our industry. Team OReilly in all 38 states we currently serve, works very hard to make sure we take full advantage of this opportunity, as we work to adapt our merchandise mix to an ever changing vehicle population, leverage our extensive distribution capabilities and most importantly, provide outstanding levels of service to our loyal customers across all markets. Starting next month with the opening of our Seattle Distribution Center, we begin the process of rolling out our full-blown commercial sales capability on the West Coast and were extremely excited about the prospects that will bring as we continue to focus on gaining market share in our more established markets. Again, I want to thank all of our team OReilly members for the great job they did in the third quarter and for the hard work each of you put in to establishing OReilly Auto Parts as friendliest part stores in town in each of our markets as we work to earn the business of each and every customer that gives us a chance to do so. Ill now turn the call over to Ted for some additional comments.
Ted Wise: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone and again, thanks for joining this mornings conference call. Well, at the end of third quarter, we increased our store count to 3,415 stores. This was an increase of 32 new stores, giving us a total of 140 new stores so far for this year. This excludes four store closures announced as part of a group of 18 overlapping core CSK stores that we identified to be closed and consolidated. The remaining 14 stores will be consolidated in the near future. As you can see, we are well ahead of our expansion goal for 150 new stores in 2009, which allows us to redirect more of our store installation teams to work on the store resets in the western CSK stores. Now Ill give you a brief overview of our new store expansion activity by state. North Carolina led the growth with five stores last quarter, Tennessee and Wisconsin followed with four new stores each and Ohio had three new stores. The remaining 16 stores were opened in 12 different states. As far as leading expansion state year-to-date, North Carolina again opened 26 stores, Ohio 17 stores, Texas 16 stores, Georgia 12 stores and Wisconsin nine stores. Now in addition to the 32 new stores last quarter, we also relocated three stores to new prototype buildings and completed 13 major store renovations in the core OReilly group. Of course we also finished the remaining 54 Murrays store conversions in the quarter.  As a reminder, this completes the Phase I of the CSK changeover involving the 123 Checker Stores in the upper Midwest states, New Mexico and South Texas, as well as the 141 Murrays stores in the Chicago and Detroit markets. As we enter into the second phase of the conversion, our installation teams are moving to the western states to address the resets of the remaining CSK stores. I want to take this opportunity to, again thank our store operation teams for the outstanding jobs in accomplishing these Phase I changeovers during this past year, as well as installing the 140 new stores, 40store renovations and 13 store relocations in the existing core OReilly markets. Now on the distribution side, in August, we moved our Kansas City distribution centre into a new 2000 square foot building along with upgrading warehouse management system, which will improve productivity and allow us to grow more stores out of Kansas City market. Our most recent new distribution center installed in Greensboro, North Carolina in May, continues to ramp up in sales and productivity as we add new stores in surrounding market areas. After the addition of our four new distribution centers in the western states next year, we will operate from 23 locations providing nightly service to our stores in 38 states. Based on our distribution capacity, we are in good shape to continue expanding into new market throughout the states we currently operate in. The West Coast store conversions begin with the opening of the new Seattle distribution center on November the 9, this includes the changeover of 194 Schucks stores that will be changing out computer systems and we will be converting at a rate of approximately 30 stores each week to our nightly stock replenishment system. The Moreno Valley distribution center in Southern California is scheduled to open on January the 18 and will support the transition of the 239 Kragen stores. Denver distribution will open on March the 15 and support 85 Checker stores and the Salt Lake City DC will open May the 17 to support 87 Checker stores. That leaves the two existing CSK distribution centers located indicated in Dixon, California and Phoenix, Arizona. After additional evaluation of the Dixon DC, it became apparent that we needed a larger facility for the current 276 stores and future growth and since the property didnt allow for expansion, the decision was made to move to a new 520,000 square foot distribution center located in Stockton, California and this move will take place next September. Stockton will then be able to handle the conversion of the 276 Kragen stores in the center and northern part of California and then to finish, the Phoenix DC conversion and the last 151 Checker stores will convert systems in November of next year. The opening of our new western distribution capacity is an exciting time for our company and we are looking forward to providing our customers greatly increased levels of service as we rollout our POS system to co-insight with the new distribution centers. The final stage of the store conversions, which include are the out front resets and remodels and in the final exterior sign change will start following each distribution opening and the store conversion of systems. These are underway now and will continue throughout next year. On conversion goal is to be completely finish and operating under the OReilly brand by the end of the first quarter of 2011. These stores will continue to grow stronger as we move forward with each of the changeover phase including our store, system conversions, nightly distribution, front room resets, and interior decor work and then finally replacing the exterior signage. In the core CSK stores, most of the heavy lifting and the huge task of changing over the hard parts lines and additions is almost finished and now with improved inventory levels, increased hub store support and the new market driven pricing. We are helping our stores service new customers both retail and installer. The co-branding and our print advertising and our radio advertising, is sending out the message of more parts and lower prices to our customers. We are very pleased with the level of enthusiasm and commitment from our new team members as they perform the changeover projects and learn all aspects of the OReilly sales plan. The task of performing installer sales entitlement as been finished in all CSK markets and we are very focused on training and improving the level of parts knowledge of the store team member. In addition our district managers are recruiting and staffing our stores with additional parts professionals that are needed to continue the effective rollout of our first call installer program to the additional stores. We continue the evaluation and expansion of our sales teams and our store leadership teams to mirror the OReilly model, which provides the time needed to focus on integration task, develop installer, customer relationships and build store teams that will grow sales and profits. Also as the stores go to the OReilly systems, we will begin the transition in our stores to our team incentive pay plan and our store manager sales and profit commission plan. Our compensation plans have been very successful and a key ingredient in growing our sales and profits by rewarding our store teams and our managers for providing outstanding customer service. As you might expect, were proud of this past quarters results and like Greg, I would also like to recognize and give credit to our hard working and dedicated team members, as well as all of our customers that support us with their business. This level of sales and profit growth is a result of a very coordinated effort from an entire team, including corporate support, distribution and sales and store operations. All focused on giving great customer service. The continued balance of our DIY and our installer sales growth reflects the ongoing effectiveness of our dual market sales strategy. While the core OReilly 6.8% comps is outstanding the CSK store comps of 5.2% in the last quarter is most encouraging and a very strong and positive indicator of the growth we can expect to experience as we continue to execute our business plan in the stores. I will now turn the call back over to Tom McFall. Thanks.
Tom McFall: Thanks Ted. Now well take a more in depth look at the numbers. Sales increased $147 million, 13% over prior year to $1.26 billion for the quarter. The increase was attributable to a $51 million increase in comp store sales a $37million increase in non-comp new store sales, a $3 million increase in non-comp non-store sales and $56 million in CSK sales for the period we did not all CSK in Q3 of 2008, which was July 1 through the 11. At the time we purchased CSK their operating margin was very low and as a result including July 1 to July 11, 2008 in the third quarter of 2008 would not have a significant impact on the EPS for that quarter. For the year we estimate our total revenue will be approximately $4.85 billion. Gross profit was 48.5% of sales for the quarter, versus 45.6% in the third quarter of 2008. The improvement was driven by product, acquisition costs negotiated with vendors based on our increased post acquisition purchasing levels. For the third quarter, gross profit increased 28 basis points over the second quarter of 2009, this increased was driven by our continued alignment of product offerings, across the chain and improved distribution efficiency resulting from the completion of the CleanSweep store product lifts. On our last call, we estimated the buying related synergies would realize in 2009would be between $60 million and $65 million. We now feel, well achieve the upper end of that range primarily based on the rapid rate of product alignment. We continue to be confident with our total annual estimate of $90 million merchandised acquisition cost savings starting in 2010 and ongoing thereafter. For the year, we estimate our gross margin as a percent of sales will be approximately 47.9%. SG&A for the quarter was 36.7% of sales versus 37.3% in the prior year. The decrease in the prior year was due to our efforts to reduce duplicative and non-needed expenses from the CSK SG&A infrastructure and lower fuel costs, offset in part by higher investments and store payroll to accomplish the ongoing line conversions and build the commercial business. The 38 basis point increase in SG&A as percent of sales from the second quarter of 2009 to the third quarter was a result of some increase in energy costs, which impacts are based on utility expenses as well as further investment in store payroll at CSK implemented to grow the commercial business. We continue to very closely monitor our investment in the expansion of CSK commercial business and given the acceleration of comps that the CSK and converted Checker stores during the quarter we are beginning to see solid results. Operating margin for the quarter was 11.9%, an improvement every 350 basis points over the prior year. The LTM operating margin as of the end of the third quarter was 10.3% of sales and is quickly closing in on our pre-acquisition LTM operating margin of 11.8% for the period ended June 2008. As we previously stated, we expect our operating margins post acquisition to exceed the pre-acquisition operating margins once the integration is complete. Net interest expense for the quarter was $11 million, which was flat with the prior year and slightly higher debt levels, lower LIBOR and fact that the debt was outstanding for the full third quarter in 2009. We expect 2009 net interest expense to be $44 million to $46 million-dollars. The tax provision for the quarter was 37.4% of pretax income as compared to 41.8% in the prior year. Prior year rate, included a one-time charge related to the change in tax liabilities related to the acquisition, excluding that one-time charge, last years third quarter tax rate was also 37.4% of pretax income. We expect the full year tax rate to be 38.2% to 38.4% of pretax income. Adjusted EPS for the third quarter was $0.63 per share, which represents a 58% increase over the adjusted EPS in the third quarter of 2008. For the year, adjusted EPS was $1.74, a 37% increase over the prior year. The only remaining acquisition charge we expect to record is the amortization of trade names and trademarks recorded as part of the purchase price allocation. Well amortize the remaining value over the next year as we convert all the stores to OReilly brand. For the year, the impact of this non-cash charge will be reduction to GAAP EPS of $0.03. Now move on to the balance sheet. The average inventory per store at the end of the quarter was $543,000, which was a 17% increase from the average first store inventory of $463,000 as of last September. The increase was the result, we acquired CSK stores inventories been below the store core OReilly inventory levels as of September of 2008, combined with the additional inventories currently in the system related to store conversions, product changeovers and inventory beginning to be stocked in the Seattle DC. We anticipate at the end of the line conversion process, store conversions and DC ramp up the chain wide inventory per store will be similar to pre-acquisition OReilly levels. Our reserve for LIFO at the end of the quarter was $12.8 million, which was a decrease of $15.6 million, which was a decrease of $15.6 million from the previous quarter. This significant decrease in our reserve to adjust last buy inventory to LIFO over the last two quarters is consistent with the significant product acquisition price decreases negotiated with our vendors. Accounts payable of $889 million was 47.9% of inventory, as compared to 49.9% in the prior year. Our AP to inventory ratio is negatively impacted by the additional inventory in the system related to the expense of line changeover profits and the elimination of a major consignment program with one of our venders. Moving onto capital expenditures, CapEx was $86 million for the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $317 million and we are maintaining our estimate for the 09 CapEx spend to be $400 million to $429 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $37million and we anticipate full year depreciation and amortization to be approximately $150 million. For some debt numbers, total borrowings were $704 million at the end of September, this year compared to $665 million at the end of the third quarter of 2008. The increase net of $38 million was used to fund new store growth at core OReilly and the conversion investment including both CapEx and net inventory at the acquired CSK stores. However, the majority of these investments have been covered by internally generated cash flow. For the year, we have decreased our debt outstanding by $29 million and currently have $538 million of available borrowing capacity under our ABL facility. As we enter our season of higher working capital needs and we continue to invest in CapEx for the CSK conversion, we anticipate our debt levels will increase during the fourth quarter. We currently estimate our new debt balances will be between $730 million and $750 million at the end of year, which means our borrowings, will be essentially flat with the end of 2008. Now for some other financial information, cash flow from operating activities for the quarter was $136 million versus $74 million in the prior year. The increase in a quarter was driven by higher net income after deferred income taxes. Year-to-date cash flow from operating activities was $289 million, which was flat with the prior year. Higher net income after deferred taxes and depreciation will fully offset by higher level of net inventory investment required for the CSK line conversion process. Stock option expense for quarter was $3.3 million, compared to $2.6 million in the prior year and year-to-date stock option expense was $10.2 million compared to $5.5 million in the prior year. Both increases were driven by the options issued in connection with the CSK acquisition. To recap our guidance, for the fourth quarter our comparable store sales guidance for OReilly and converted stores is 2% to 4%. As we faced tougher comparison incur some drag from the stores that will convert in the fourth quarter, as the conversion process initially creates some headwinds related to training issues. The CSK comp guidance is 3% to 5% as we continue to see solid results from our selection and the consolidated comp guidance is 2% to 4%. Our GAAP EPS guidance for the third quarter is from $0.47 to $0.51 on the 139.6 million shares. Our GAAP EPS guidance for the full year is $2.18 to $2.22 on 138 million shares. At this time, Id like to ask Terry, the operator to comeback. Wed be happy to answer your questions. Terry.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Gary Balter with Credit Suisse. 
Greg Henslee: Good morning Gary.
Gary Balter - Credit Suisse: Hi. Yes, sorry. It was on mute. 
Greg Henslee: Good morning. 
Gary Balter - Credit Suisse: First of all, a very strong quarter; could you walk us through, you kind of talked about Murrays and the problems of Murrays and how youre dealing with it? So essentially are we looking at two more quarters of pretty strong negative comps and then you think you get back to positives or you turn it to positives or is this an ongoing problem? 
Greg Henslee: Well, were doing everything we can to rollout, the way we do business in the Murrays stores and weve seen significant improvement in the Chicago market and not as much improvement in Detroit, probably related to the economy and probably related to the fact that the Detroit stores were more established under the Murrays business model, but, yes, I think what well see Gary, its an estimation on our part at this point. I know thats what youre asking for, but we would say that well see incremental improvement. I dont know really at what point we would get into positive territory, but we are actively pursuing establishing our sales as a commercial provider there as we transition the retail business to more of a auto parts business as opposed to some of the other things that Murrays and CSK sold. Items are less reliant on promotions to drive the sales dollars. So, yes, I would say over the next couple of quarters well move into positive territory, but its yet to be seen exactly when well accomplish that.
Gary Balter - Credit Suisse: On the other stores, just to kind of explain the difference between the CSKs kind of not converted and CSKs converted, both at price too because its just like with the Checkers, as you start putting in the DCs in Seattle in November and then as you roll them out, as Ted described, for the rest of the year, and next year. When do you think that we start seeing the big pickup in commercial like as you start calling on clients? Because thats a process I assume youre not really doing until youve the distribution centers in place to a big degree.
Tom McFall: Well, were doing it to some degree now. A good portion of the increase that we reflected in the western stores and in the Checker converted stores in the center of the country is commercial business, because even without the full support of our distribution center, we wanted to go out and start incrementally building relationships with customers. Its a relatively long road to become the first call with a commercial customer. It takes a lot of proving yourself, and developing relationships, establishing credibility. As we enable ourselves to provide the breadth of not only parts, but service equipment and things that were able to provide out of our distribution centers that will enable us to better do that. I would say that, beginning immediately with the opening of our Seattle Distribution Center, well start doing better in the commercial business that week and then incrementally from that point forward. So by mid-next year, we should be in good stride in Seattle and then in Southern California as we convert or open that DC and those stores start having service from the distribution centre. Ted, you may have some comments.
Ted Wise: Gary, this is Ted. I think weve got roughly two-thirds of those CSK stores now have delivery service and a commercial program. Now weve been conservative as far as our efforts, because its very difficult to develop a relationship with installer customers, and you dont want to go out and promise what you cant deliver. So based on the market in and the store where we have a good hub support system, weve been aggressive. Other markets, weve been a little conservative and weve started building the team in the store that can grow the business and keep the business. So to Gregs point, as we open up the distribution centers, well become more aggressive and weve been working hard this last year to put the people in place, the sales team the Regional Sales Managers and Territory Sales Managers and start developing those relationships to where we can really hit the ground running when we have the distribution every night.
Gary Balter - Credit Suisse: Then one last question and Ill let somebody else ask; theres a competitor thats not a direct competitor a couple of hundred miles south of you in the discount store business, who had I raised a little bit of a splash last week by talking about DIY auto and pricing 30% below, have you seen any impact or do you expect to see any impact given your focus and their focus in this business?
Tom McFall: Well, thats yet to be seen and, obviously were clearly aware of that. I would obviously question the accuracy of some of the comments on the ads relative to our company, although were not mentioned specifically, but weve not seen any impact yet. Our position relative to Wal-Mart, weve never taken the position that were going to be Wal-Mart on price, as I wouldnt think that many retailers would. To this point, its early, weve not seen any impact, but its yet to be seen if we will. Weve not yet determined if and how we will react to that advertising strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin McGranahan with Bernstein. 
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein: Good morning. I wanted to focus first on gross margin. Just in the near term looking at the guidance for the fourth quarter, but seems to imply kind of a 48.0 type gross margin in 4Q, I was wondering in looking historically, looked like the fourth quarter gross margins have been 30, 40, 50 basis points higher than 3Q and given how some of these synergies are building? Is there anything that we should be aware of that you wouldnt do a little bit better than that and how you are thinking about the commodity pricing and cost at this point in time, because I know certainly in a current quarter you didnt think it would stack and obviously it did. 
Tom McFall: Hi, Colin, this is Tom. When we look at our historic margins, weve had some fluctuations in the fourth quarter, primarily related to vendor support thats based on annual programs and we talked about this, I think probably the last three or four third quarter calls. Our industry has moved away from a lot of those annual programs, so it takes the estimation out. Our goal is to get all of our support from our vendors listen off invoice discount to help our cash flow, so we have lack waves there. As far as the change between the third quarter and the fourth quarter guidance, your math is pretty good. So the decrease were looking at is driven by a couple things. One is were going to start to have distribution centers come online and initially theres a little bit of drag there and then also as Greg mentioned in his comments, we continue to see some above historic pricing on commodities and as Gary pointed out on the last call the entity that sets really what the competitive price is for oil, which is a large category for us, has come out aggressive. So our expectation will be that we will see some change in that market. 
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein: Okay. Thats fair and then just a little bit longer term on the same topic on gross margin. Clearly some incremental purchasing synergies hit the P&L next year, but how should we think about this rate of what were seeing today at call it 48.5% as the CSK business successfully starts to mix towards more commercial activity.
Tom McFall: Next year we will see in the first half of the year some additional synergy dollars drive the percentage up. Over the long haul, we would expect margin, there to be some pressure on our gross margin percentage as we add the commercial business to the CSK and they become more balanced in their mix. The delivery business has a lower gross margin percentage, so we will see some pressure overtime. Obviously, were focused on generating as many gross margin dollars as we can.
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein: Okay and then just final follow-up on that, but if I look historically your gross margins were more in the 44% range give or take, obviously youve got the benefit of the purchasing synergies and probably some incremental scale, but thats a long way from 48.5% and you say some pressure? Are we talking halfway between the two? Where do you think you end up? 
Tom McFall: Overtime well have pressure. I wouldnt expect next year to see a lower gross margin percentage than this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Stember with Sidoti. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti: Did you guys talk about any difference in the commercial versus retail in the quarter? 
Greg Henslee: Both businesses continue to perform well. The commercial performed a little better than retail business. We dont disclose our comp on commercial retail separately, but both performed well and commercial continues to perform just a little bit better. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti: To that point about commercial doing a little better have you heard any anecdotal proof from some of your installer customers that the declining dealership base in the country is actually beginning to have an impact, a positive impact on business? 
Greg Henslee: Yes, weve had commercial customers talk about that and then our sales force has made that observation. Its certainly hard to measure because for a commercial customer it happens, one customer at a time at a very slow pace, but clearly as some of the dealerships close they had successful service departments, that business gets pushed out some to other dealerships and maybe larger metro markets where the dealerships may still be open, but hopefully much of it into the after market and into the customers that would be buying parts from us. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti: Thats all I have. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Wewer with Raymond James.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Tom, you noted that the $15.6 million reduction in the LIFO reserve was in step with the buying synergies that youre getting from CSK, I believe. When you were highlighting the $65 million it benefits to gross profits for the year from the buying synergies, was that including this reduction in LIFO reserve?
Tom McFall: The reduction in LIFO reserve, we had this discussion and at some point our LIFO reserve may become zero so we can stop answer this question but the LIFO reserve is the difference between our last buy inventory and the LIFO inventory. So the impact in the reserve is directionally the same as the impact in margin, but the impact on margin is much less significant. The $65 million synergies is straight, this is was what we used to buy for, this is what we buy for now and heres how much product we sold that sold at this lower rate.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: But it is correct that the reduction and the LIFO reserve benefited the gap gross margin rate by 130 blips approximately during the quarter?
Tom McFall: No, thats not correct.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: So, what would that number be?
Tom McFall: Its a tenth of that.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Okay, and then a second quarter, on the pickup in sales at Checkers, is that primarily coming on the commercial side of their business? I know its very small to begin with.
Tom McFall: Yes. Currently, the commercial side is growing better there than retail as we transition the stores to more of a hard parts oriented retail base and implement our commercial program. One other comment I might make real quick with regard to our gross margin and this ties back to your comment about the LIFO contribution, but more so to Gary Balters and Colin McGranahan comments, with the advertising I guess promotion that one of our competitors that I guess the largest competitor of any retailer has in place right now. The ad basically compares the everyday price to what some of the retail specialty stores everyday price would be. Of course, without recognizing that, all of the specialty stores thats included, are consistently running oil change special and things like that. So I think that theres a significant factor from a customers perspective that, if they can drive to the door of an auto parts store, and get a very competitive price on the components that it takes to do an oil change. The oil and the filter and the tools that they need them, the air filter, belts and hoses, you know, all of those things, I think there is a lot of factors that go into a customers decision as to where they buy motor oil and all of these related things, other than just the pure price of the product. So that is something that we consider as we plan a reaction or just stay with the plan that we currently have relative to the advertising campaign that they currently have underway.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom McFall: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Market.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: Thank you, good morning.
Tom McFall: Good morning, Tony.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: Wanted to talk a little bit more about the commercial side of the business when you look at the mix of business at CSK, Murrays aside, and I think sort of in the 18% of revenue, were there pockets or regions that you saw significant utilization of commercial and others where you saw very little? Or was that fairly spread out evenly across geography?
Tom McFall: Its really driven, Tony, by where weve put our programs in place via hub store access and things like that. There are markets the new markets provided us with CSK that will not be great retail markets for us right out of the gate, because of the locations that they have. I mean, wholesale markets for us right out of the gate, because of the locations that CSK has and then others right now are performing very well, where we have hub stores and good access to inventory and things like that. So, yes, there is iteration from one market to the other, but were more confident that the majority of stores that well be able to execute a wholesale commercial plan similar to what weve done with the OReilly stores over some period of time.
Tom McFall: Tony, this is Tom. Might I add, that when CSK reported their mix of commercial and DIY business, they have stated 18%, the way that we look at charge business when we took over CSK and recalculated the number their commercial business was only about 10% of the total mix.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: Okay, so much lower. When you look at the typical maturity or ramp and I think you talked about this a little bit earlier in one of the questions, Greg, but usually if you were to go into a new market and open up stores, its probably about a four to a four and a half year ramp to get a commercial business mature or move up to where you represent much higher on the call list. Are you sort of add little bit of a head start with what CSK brought to the table, such that you are not looking at the typical maturity ramp, so maybe you can get there in a couple of years?
Greg Henslee: Well, I think were ahead of where we would be with our brand new store for reasons of the work that CSK had previously done, but then also the work that weve done as combined companies since weve owned CSK, because as Ted said we havent went out and aggressively pursued the commercial business in some markets, where we dont have good access to hub store inventories and things like that. We have introduced our programs and informed installers that we are planning to be a commercial provider in the area, and well be staying in contact with them and things like that. Those relationships take a while to build as youve said and you want to start the conversations as early as you can, even though you dont really start asking for their business until you are really ready to do business with them.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: Okay and then one last follow-up on that. Tom, you talked about building inventory and working capital, should we continue to expect a further working capital need as more and more that DCs are brought online and so it could be another two, three, maybe even, four quarters through next September, I guess when you move that final facility in until we see sort of a drop off in that? Is that a fair way to look at it?
Tom McFall: I look at it in a few pieces. The big piece right now is the line changeovers and as we complete those and as we cycle them through the system, we would expect the total inventory per store to reduce over the next couple of quarters. The DCs will be a situation where we bring a DC online, we have to add all new inventory, once that takes over the service of those stores, were able to sell down in the DC that used to service those. So it will be a process that will reduce inventory over the next year, five quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mandel with FTN Equity Capital.
Mark Mandel - FTN Equity Capital: Thanks, good morning. Last year you had two major hurricanes, which imposed some significant disruption on many of your operations. If you filter that out, what can you tell us about the underlying tone of your business? Is it as consistent as you implied in your opening remarks or is there some fluctuations on a month-to-month basis?
Greg Henslee: No, it was inventory consistent. Really business this year has been very consistent for pretty much all of the year. The one observation I would have relative to hurricanes is while the hurricanes can be disruptive for a short period of time, as people evacuate areas, usually the bounce back from a hurricane is really a positive impact. So really we had tougher comparison in those hurricane markets this year and in those regions, those Gulf Regions, where they had hurricanes we had some comp store sales pressure as we compared to those hurricane periods, because last year post hurricanes, we had very robust comp store sales in those markets.
Mark Mandel - FTN Equity Capital: Okay and related to that, what are you seeing in terms of deferred maintenance. I do not know if you guys measure this or not, but are you seeing that metric being worked down or is that also a steady flow of business for you?
Greg Henslee: Well, thats a very difficult thing to measure and really the only measurement that we really have is that two things; one is just the automotive aftermarket industry association, their estimation at any given time, what the unperformed maintenances in the vehicle population in U.S. and that has declined a little bit over the last 12, 24 months as people have tended to keep their cars and the feeling has been that people have worked to maintain their cars more since they plan to keep them for longer. The other source would be just comments that come from our installers, and its clear that, consumers continue to be very pressured with un unemployment, where its at and all of things that are going on with the economy, but people that are planning to keep their cars longer are doing major repairs and doing maintenance on them to prevent catastrophic repairs in the future, so most of our installers, feel pretty good about their ability to sell jobs when customers need work based on the idea that consumers are typically going to keep their cars longer in the current environment.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Alan Rifkin with Bank of America.
Alan Rifkin - Bank of America: A couple of weeks that coincide with the first DC opening you are going to significantly increase the number of stores that you convert per week from what was six to eight to now 30. As you look at other DCs that youve opened up recently, whether its Kansas City, North Carolina, Minneapolis, Indianapolis, what kind of comp progression can we expect on the stores supported by a DC as a result of the DC opening in and of itself?
Greg Henslee: Well, thats a tough one to answer, Alan. It varies by store and a lot of it depends on the hub store situation that the store was in, if or hub store, or they were a spoke off of a hub prior to the DC opening, the impact is much less. If they were a standalone store that didnt have access to a hub or an expanded inventory, then its much greater. We definitely will see positive effect overtime from having access to the inventory, but its really hard for us to quantify, it will be positive also, Ted, I dont know if you have any comments on that.
Ted Wise: Yes, Alan its really not. Youre not comparing apples-to-apples there, because typically when we open up a new DC, were transferring stores in or close to that DC that has already been on a nightly distribution service model. Or they are brand new stores, whereas when we open up the western DCs, were going to be transferring existing stores at high volume of business already. Yes, I dont think that you can compare the two, for sure.
Alan Rifkin - Bank of America: Okay and one follow-up, if I may. I mean, you folks through the year have consistently been raising your earning guidance and if you look even at your guidance now compared to where it was 90 days ago, youre still talking about $115 million in synergies. Where is the incremental upside in your earnings guidance coming from? Is it greater revenue gains at CSK? Is it greater store productivity and comp sales at your core business? Could you maybe just shed a little bit of color there?
Tom McFall: Hi, Allan, when you look at the change in guidance from our last call to this call, specifically related to the fourth quarter, the increase in EPS estimate is primarily driven by a higher assumption on comp store sale.
Alan Rifkin - Bank of America: Where, Tom? At the CSK stores, at the core or both?
Tom McFall: I would say, primarily at the CSK stores with their comps accelerating from to 2% to 5% and where we see those sales coming from and the sustainability that we see in those sales primarily being hard parts. So we take a lot of confidence in that.
Alan Rifkin - Bank of America: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom McFall: Thanks, Allan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot and good morning to you. My questions focus on conversions, if you look at the Checkers business, how many actual conversions did you have this past quarter?
Tom McFall: Well, the Checkers were all completed prior to the beginning of the third quarter.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: I guess my question then is, if you think about the change in the 3% comp decline that you had in the second quarter and the increase that you had in the current quarter, how much of that do you think relates to the disruption associated with conversions and where Im going with this is just it try to understand what you see in the quarter when you actually make the conversion, versus what happens when that work is done and you start to see the ramp up?
Greg Henslee: Yes, we relate a lot of the comp pressure that these stores were under initially to I guess what we would call conversion, really its just training. Its learning the products that we carry, the lines our point of sales system, how to source part, all of those things. So if we wrap all of that stuff and call it as the conversion, then yes, I would say that much of the comp performance in the second quarter for these stores was related to the conversion, but the thing you have to remember is that these stores were coming out of a huge hole. They had a lot of improvement to make, so while the 3.4% I believe decline in the comp store sales in the second quarter, obviously wasnt desirable. They were improving from where they had come from, because they had underperformed for quite sometime and just to make sure that we dont implied something that might be misunderstood. Again, these types of conversions are now behind us. Were not doing any more of these types of conversions. The 1,032 stores that are in the west are a completely different type of conversion. The hard parts that we deploy in the stores are for the most part already in those stores, the team members are used to the products, theyre used to the lines that we carry and the types of products that we have available. The conversions well do there simply re-pointing their distribution to a distribution center thats kind of replenish them nightly and have more inventories than the DCs theyve had and theyre going to that via a new point of sale system that weve been told and our observation is that its very much robust than the POS system that CSK has been using and then the other piece of the conversion is just the display area enhancements that well do, which is not very disruptive to the stores.
Ted Wise: Those display conversions they wont happen at the exact time of the system conversions. Theyll follow that. They will be on a different schedule. So it wont be an issue of the store just being bombarded with changes, to Gregs point the only real change theyll have will be the POS system. Were doing an excellent job, I think of pre-training, we have systems in those stores, we have classrooms set up. So the time they go live it will be a much easier conversion and weve been doing this now for I think about two weeks, weve been training in the stores and all indications is that our system is a huge improvement just from the usability and so it will be a positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lasser with Barclays Capital.
Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital: Good morning. Thanks Tom, for taking my question. On the CSK stores that have yet to be converted, theres a head start on the commercial side at those locations. Are you capitalizing on some of growth a little earlier than you thought or is there an opportunity to the growth maybe more significant over the long term? Im just trying to understand whether, I mean some of the growth now is coming at perhaps some of the expense of the growth later?
Tom McFall: No. What we expected and while were pleased with the 5.2% western comp store sales, we watch it a day at a time, a week at a time and it has progressed as weve worked to establish our commercial programs. Early on in the conversion you may remember we talked about deploying inventory in strategic locations. So early on we enhanced the product offering that we had in the strategic locations to make that inventory available to many stores. I think that there was a 120 some odd stores that we did that with. Those stores, many served as hub stores to other stores and that really kind of laid the foundation for us to start executing a sized down version of our commercial plan. So our plan all along has been to kind of walk into this, start establishing relationships, you have to have decent inventories to do that and that is why we deployed inventory in these 120 stores and now as the DCs open were really able to show these customers what were all about and what has made OReilly such a successful commercial provider in the eastern half of the country and were excited about the opportunity to do that.
Michael Lasser - Barclays Capital: One quick follow-up, Ted made the earlier comment that by virtually being ahead of schedule in the store openings. The company is allocating some more of that labor towards the conversions. Does that change the timing or perhaps the cost of the process at all?
Tom McFall: (Inaudible) let me make a comment. What were talking about there are the, have teams that travel and go out and setup our new stores and have helped with these center part of the country conversions. When he is talking about the conversions, were not talking about the POS conversions or pointing them to the distribution centers out west as we open them. What were talking about is the reset of display fixtures, the interior signage, resets of the parts counters, things like that. These teams, really that part of this process does not tie to the opening of the distribution centers. We really could do that at anytime. His point was that with us being a little bit ahead of schedule, we can get a little bit of a head start on that, more so than what wed originally planned, but the cost will be exactly the same. Were estimating that well be completely done with that process of these out front resets and the things that well do to make the stores look like OReilly store inside and bid our display plan-o-gram by the end of the first quarter of 11.
Ted Wise: Unlike the Murray stores and a lot of the Checker stores we converted there last year. The majority of the CSK stores on the West Coast will not take near as much work as far as interior reset. Their prototype store was basically very similar to our prototype stores. So there wont be a lot of moving of fixtures and walls and stuff like that. So my point a while ago was the additional manpower weve had, weve redirected that out to the West Coast and were working on some of the critical stores, some that will be more difficult to changeover and kind of getting a head start on those stores.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for the Q-and-A portion of todays call. Mr. Henslee, do you have any closing remarks?
Greg Henslee: Well, I would just like to thank everyone for their time and their attention this morning. Were excited with the progress that were making with the CSK integration and look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and year end results in February. Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David OReilly - Executive Chairman Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer 
Analysts:  Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Steve Chick - FBR Capital Markets Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Winston Sneasy [ph] - Bank of America Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the 2009 second quarter earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Tom McFall, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Mia. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the OReilly conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, I would like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protections of is Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such as statements discussing among other things expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategy, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees for future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factors section of the companys Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for more details.  At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Good morning everyone, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course Tom McFall our Chief Financial Officer and Ted Wise our Chief Operating Officer. David OReilly our Executive Chairman is also present. Its now been a little over a year since we closed on the acquisition of CSK auto and embarked on the task of integrating CSKs operations into OReilly. This has been a very significant task, and weve still got a long way to go to be fully integrated and able to execute our go market strategy in the western half of the country. At the same time, however, weve come a long way in a relatively short time. Weve integrated many of the headquarters functions, converted or merged the stores in the middle of the country, where we have distribution reach from an OReilly distribution center, converted the Detroit distribution center to OReilly systems and material handling equipment, implemented delivery service to commercial customers in most stores, improved inventory availability, adjusted our pricing to be market-competitive, and many other projects that will lay the ground work for the incremental improvements in the CSK store performance overtime. On top of all this, the core OReilly stores continue to perform very well, generating a solid comparable stores sales gains in both the commercial and do it yourself sides of the business. Clearly, the first year following the inquisition has been a challenging yet outstanding year for team OReilly, and its one that will be reflected on in the future as one of the greatest years in our countrys rich history. I want to thank all of team OReilly for your commitment to our continued success and for the great job youre doing in taking care of our customers and ensuring that they continue to make our stores your first choice in fulfilling their automotive needs or supplying their auto repair business. Business during the second quarter generally remains steady throughout the period, continuing the trend we experienced earlier in the year and that steady trend has continued to this point in the third quarter. Were very pleased with the core OReilly sales performance and feel the 7.8% comparable store sales growth that we achieved clearly exhibits the ability and commitment of the core OReilly team, as we simultaneously work to integrate the CSK operations. As shown in our press release last night, we continue to work to clearly express the components of our comparable store sales. There are a lot of moving parts with the integration of CSK, and we believe dividing our comparable store sales up as we did in the press release is the clearest way to represent each of the different components of the 4.8% consolidated comparable store sales growth we achieved in the second quarter. Ill take just a moment to expand on each of those components and Ill start off with the stores that are operating on the OReilly point of sales systems. These stores include the core OReilly stores, the fully converted Checker stores, which are located in West Texas, New Mexico, Montana and the upper Midwest, and both converted, partially converted as well as non-converted Murray stores, which are running on the OReilly point of sale system. 79 placed on the OReilly point of sale system in order to facilitate the conversion of the Detroit distribution center to the OReilly operating system, but we did not fully convert the merchandise at these stores, and are doing the back room conversions one line at a time at the same pace as the CSK stores in the western half of the country. During the second quarter, 26 of these stores have had their display area reset while the store teams did their best to keep the stores open for business. The merchandise mix in the display area of these stores was refreshed, but the back room inventories will not be fully converted at one time, as weve done in the Chicago Murray stores and the Checker conversion stores. Again, their back room inventories will be changed and updated at the same pace as those in the CSK store in the western half of the country. The display areas in the remainder of the Murray stores will be reset in the third quarter. These stores, in total, which represent 2,351 of the 3,387 stores we had open at the end of the quarter, generated 6.1% comparable store sales growth in the second quarter. As I mentioned, the core OReilly stores, which represent 2,087 stores generated 7.8% comparable store sales for the second quarter. Business in our key locations has remained relatively steady throughout the quarter, continuing a strong trend that has been present for the past several months. We have an outstanding EL management team running our key locations and were pleased to continue the strong performance in these stores. Our business has been performing nicely in both the commercial and [Technical Difficulty] with the commercial business outpacing the DIY business by a small amount. The second component of the 6.1% comp generated on OReilly systems is the Checker stores that weve been working to convert over the past several months. This group represents 123 stores. These stores, some of which were converted during the second quarter, generated a comparable stores sales decrease of 3.4%. Many of these stores have performed extremely well after the conversion, as weve discussed and the longer theyve been converted, the better they perform. However, several of these stores, on an accrual performance trend coming into the conversion, and it takes time to turn that trend. At the end of the first quarter, we reported on 51 of these conversion stores that were completed through the end of 2008, and Im pleased to report that these 51 stores continue to comp positive, as do many of the conversion stores. Please keep in mind the CSK stores are not price competitive, and we have headwinds from a comparison standpoint, to the lower market competitive prices that weve implemented. CSK was also very promotionally driven, and weve reduced the promotional activity to what we consider to be appropriate to building traffic in the stores in order to give ourselves the opportunity to create repeat business, not drive sales dependent upon promotional activity. Additionally, it probably goes without saying that the conversion in general is somewhat disruptive to business, and theres a pretty significant training following the conversion. We look at the performance of these stores very closely on a by category basis and were very pleased with the performance were seeing in the key hard parts categories, yet this performance is muted by the transition away from the non-automotive categories that CSK focused on along with other factors I mentioned. We feel confident that our model is more sustainable based on netting demand from both commercial and do it yourself customers, through application hard parts, and are confident in our ability to perform with this model as we demonstrated in the OReilly stores. Our experience has been that converted stores incrementally gain momentum following the conversion and many of the stores included in this group dont have much time due to about most conversion, and were confident in our ability to generate positive results in the conversions as we continue through this transition into the pure auto parts business. Through this point in the third quarter, these stores, as a group popping positive, and we expect incremental improvement in these stores as they continue to gain traction. The third and last implement of the 6.1% of the OReilly system generated comp is 141 Murray stores. 62 of these stores were fully converted during the second quarter. 26 had the layout reset and the display merchandise computed, and the remainder had not had any conversion work at the end of the period, other than backroom product line changes as well as the POS system change. The reason we decided to report the Murrays comp separately is that Murrays really is a much different operation. For years, Murrays operated as some of the very best retail automotive stores in the country, with very large display areas, relatively small hard parts inventories, with very high retail service levels. These stores were built to serve the light do it yourselfers. We looked at them several years ago before CSK bought them as a potential acquisition target it realized just how finely tuned the retail presence was. Their performance has incrementally waned under the management of CSK, and the trends weve seen since weve owned them have certainly left room for improvement. Some of this is related to the general economic conditions in Detroit and the surrounding areas, and some of it is simply the continuation of a trend that has been present at some of the Murrays stores for sometime, coupled with the same factors that I mentioned that is creating some headwind at the Checker conversion. The Murrays stores as a unit generated a comparable store sales decrease of 11.9%. As is the case with the Checker store conversions, were taking the converted Murrays stores through a very significant transition. On a bike category basis, corporate is doing very well in many of the key hard part categories, but on balance, not offsetting the sale of promotional products, non-automotive merchandise that was present at CSK. We see a lot of potential for these stores in the pure auto parts business, as we all put them in the business. Both retail and commercial, and were confident in our ability to generate positive results as we complete conversion in these stores and start executing our dual market strategy, supported by much improved inventory coverage and competitive pricing. As I mentioned earlier, our consolidated comparable store sales growth for the second quarter was 4.8% this year. This improvement was driven by three primary factors. First, the higher mix of retail sales in the CSK locations; second, the improved cost of goods as a result of our negotiations with vendors as a much larger company; and third, better margins on commodities, like oil and antifreeze, due to cost bids reductions related to raw material cost decreases. To this point, weve been able to maintain our selling price just taking the several of these products to higher than usual gross margins. Were very pleased with the support our vendors have shown for this acquisition. Its clear that many of them see as much opportunity as we do to grow our business in these stores using a dual market strategy, and were working to deploy better inventory covers across all CSK markets with the product line changeovers and updates we have, as well as the expansion of our distribution capability in the west. We work hard to maintain in grew our gross margin, so we want to be cautious with regard to future expectations of our gross margin performance. The contribution grew much better than expected commodity gross margin will be hard to maintain and since prices can be relatively volatile, and those product lines are currently contributing at significantly higher than historical levels. Well certainly work to maintain the higher levels that wed expect our gross margin for the full year to be in the 47.4% to 48.8% range. Our SG&A for the quarter came in at 36.3% of sales, compared to 32.5% last year A 380 point basis point increase, due partly to the payroll cost related to the integration effort, primarily due to the higher occupancy and payroll weve experienced in the CSK stores. As outlined when we acquired CSK, our intent is to improve productivity and leverage fixed costs in the CSK stores by executing our dual market strategy, and were making good progress in and expect continued improvements in our productivity and cost leverage as we work to continue the integration. Were very pleased with the 12% operating income we were able to generate in the second quarter. Were still very early in the CSK integration process and are very pleased with the performance of the core OReilly stores as we work to improve the profitability of the CSK operations and position ourselves to execute our proven business model in these new markets. Now, well be covering more details of our quarterly financial performance as well as our guidance for the third quarter and the remainder of the year in a moment. In summary, its clear that the lower fuel prices, the decrease in new car sales and the increases weve seen in miles driven in the most recently reported months is creating a tailwind for our industry. Team OReilly is working hard to make sure we take full advantage of this opportunity as we focused on optimizing our merchandise mix, take advantage of extensive distribution capabilities, and, most importantly, provide unprecedented levels of service to move our royal customers and our first-time customers. Again, I want to thank all of our team OReilly members, who did a great job here and for all the hard work that is being put into the integration of CSK. OReilly Auto Parts will soon be a brand that is recognized across the United States, and our continued success is attributable to the great job each of you are duly taking care of our each customers, one customer at a time. Ill now turn the call to Ted Wise for some additional comments.
Ted Wise: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Well, in the second quarter, we increased our story count to 3,287 locations with net gains at 15 new stores in the last quarter, and 108 new locations so far this year. This number is actually nesting out to 102 stores when you subtract the store closures in the first quarter due to the consolidation with the checkered stores. Our companys expansion over the year remains 150, which at this point, were well ahead of schedule. In addition 15 new store installations, we relocated three new stores to new locations and completed 11 store renovations and OReilly. This is a tremendous accomplishment by our field installation group, considering the task of the ongoing CSK store conversion steering at the same time. To give a brief overview of our expansion activity by state, North Carolina their growth in 11 new stores last year. This gives us 21 new North Carolina stores so far this year, which was the growth plan to support our new 325,000 square foot of Greensboro, North Carolina distribution center that had a very successful opening in May. North Carolina and the surrounding states will continue to be a key part of the future expansion. Ohio was next in new store quarter and 15 year-to-date. Texas followed with five new locations and a total of 14 new stores so far this year, which gives us 519 stores in Texas. Served by our Houston, Dallas and our new Lubbock distribution centers, we continue to find great expansion opportunities in the state. South Carolina added two new stores, for a total of eight stores this year. The additional 20 new stores net out in 12 different states. Weve had store growth in 22 states so far this year, which has made possible by the distribution coverage of our current guidance in DC. By the end of next year and with the addition of four new distribution centers in Washington, California, Colorado and Utah, we will provide nightly service in all of our markets. With this level of distribution coverage and capacity on the store expansion growth throughout our 38 stores becomes more manageable with the real estate and operational level, resulting in better new store productivity. Now, in regard to the CSK problems, we continue to evaluate the locations and leases from the CSK stores. Based on the timing of these leases, we are establishing plans to stay in the present location or search for a new and better location. Our objective is also to renegotiate the leases that are mature and may not be in line with the based lease market. During this process, weve identified a group of 18 stores that will be scheduled to close by the end of this year. These are extremely low volume; non-performing stores that fall into the category of overlapping other CSK locations, higher demographics not suitable for do it yourselfer business growth and limited or no installer business in the immediate area. These 18 stores are spread throughout the market and all are in multi skewing markets which gives us the opportunity to transfer the customers to another CSK and Riley store. From a team member standpoint with a number of surrounding stores, the staff can easily be transferred to another location. To now briefly discuss the current stores infusions; as Greg mentioned, 79 new stores in the Detroit market, with the last to arrive in computer systems. We now have over 300 CSK Murray stores operating in OReilly systems in service and OReilly distribution center on an anomaly basis.  26 Murray stores have planograms r sent to the OReilly mutinied plant by the end of the second quarter, with an additional 32 having been completed since these. During the next three weeks, the last New England Murray stores have their planograms reset, with interior decorating and remodels to follow in the out front leasing. After co-branding and advertising in all markets during this past year, the exterior signage in these 300 plus stores is now in the process of being changed out to the OReilly brand. We hope to have this group of stores re-branded by the end of this year. We are seeing positive sales trends in our converted stores. As a team, Murray becomes more comfortable with our systems and product lines. This group of stores experienced inventory less, systems conversions, interior remodel, all of which obviously created temporary disruption in business. The additional hard parts inventory, HUD system, nightly distribution and market competitive pricing now is in place and were beginning to improve our hard parts sales mix for both the retail and the installer customer. These changes in the stores have been supported by co-branding advertising designed to educate the customer on the everyday low pricing and expanding levels available at OReillys store. Our training continues at the store level with all team members and especially with district management, store management and installer service specialists to ensure that we provide OReilly service levels to all of our customers. We are confident that the current trends will continue to grow business to OReilly over comps. Now, in regard to our work in the thousand-plus CSK stores out west, we have made good progress in changing product lines and increasing hard parts coverage to all stores. This process has been accomplished in one product line at a time, using CSK distribution system and a store computer system.  We have also evaluated each market and established a hub and support system to provide multiple same-day delivery service to almost all stores. The additional inventory is helping us to promote the hard parts business to both retail and wholesale customers. Pricing has also been adjusted to be competitive in the markets and our co-branding advertising is continuing to educate the customer as to the increased parts coverage with the new everyday lower competitive process, as we convert away from rebate and promotional pricing from CSK in light on to help build traffic. The store conversion systems to the OReilly computer and replenishment will follow a schedule tied to the opening of the four new distribution centers and these conversions will follow a schedule of approximately 30 computer installations per week. We will start with the Seattle DC opening and the 109 full system conversions in November.  The Southern California DC will open and the 240 store conversions, will start in January. The Denver DC opens and 92 store conversions starting in March and last, the Salt Lake City DC opens in the following; wants to start in May. That will leave us with the two existing CSK distribution centers located in California. Following a very comprehensive evaluation in basic capacity in the current, Northern California DC located in Dickson. We have decided to relocate it to a new 520,000 square foot facility in Southern California that will give us the ability to efficiently service up to 350 stores in this area. The exact date has not been determined, but we expect it will take place in August of 2010, by which time the Northern California group of 278 stores will be changed to remodeled systems, and then last CSK Phoenix DC will be converted along with the 151 stores in the Phoenix area, immediately following the Northern California conversion. Needless to say this is an extremely aggressive schedule and both the store and distribution management teams have and are doing tremendous job in planning and executing these transitions to the OReilly service model. The addition of nightly servicing, weak inventory availability helps us to take the business to the next level as well as compete an aggressive store expansion program in the US. This September, well start the out-front recess in the western stores following the OReilly core installations. We will continue to co-brand our advertising, during this time and make the necessary plans to re-brand the stores to OReilly following the computer system conversions. This schedule and changeover process will allow the West Coast to be well prepared and ready ahead of the time of the actual computer installations. We will have most of the product lines keep moving, store inventory levels updated, prices adjusted to be competitive and stores profitably staffed to move retail and installer business. The current comp trend in the West Coast is a sign of effectiveness of the changes we are and will continue to make in these stores. We continue to evaluate, train and expand store sales distribution teams to ensure that we have the best leadership in the field to execute the OReilly business model as these stores become fully converted. To finish, I would like to thank the 44,000 OReilly team members for their contribution to achieving outstanding sales profit in the second quarter. In addition to the massive amount of work and involvement from all areas of the company in executing the CSK store and DC transitions coming up. We have kept a strong focus on customer service and growing our sales in both the retail and installer business, which has resulted in a strong 7.8% comp sales increase in our core OReilly stores. Now Id like to turn the call over to Tom McFall.
Tom McFall: Thanks Ted. Now Ill take a more in depth look at the numbers. Sales increased $547 million, a 78% increase over the prior year, and $1.25 billion for the quarter. The increase was attributable to a $54 million increase in OReilly comp store sales, $39 million in our new store sales, flat non-comp non-store sales and $454 million from the acquired CSK stores. For the year, we are raising our total revenue guidance to $4.8 billion to $4.9 billion. Gross profit was 48.2% of sales for the quarter versus 46.6% in the first quarter of 2009. The improvement was driven by an increase bank synergies and an advantageous pricing environment as it relates to products comprised primarily of these commodities, although we do not expect this environment to continue. Weve been very successful in completing the acquisition related negotiations with our vendors, and we are raising our estimate of the merchandise acquisition cost savings in 2009 to $60 million to $65 million from our previous guidance of $50 million. We are also raising our annual total estimate of the merchandise acquisition cost savings, starting in 2010, from $75 million to approximately $90 million. For the year, were raising our gross profit guidance to 47.4% to 47.8% of sales. SG&A for the quarter was 36.3% of sales versus 32.5% in the prior year. The 3.8% increase was due to the higher cost structure required to new stores. Taking a look at SG&A, we continue to benefit from more than expected fuel cost and we continue to incur additional store labor costs at the CSK stores to accomplish the expensive product line resets that are under way. We continue to work hard to eliminate and we continue to expect 2009 SG&A synergies to be $7.5 million to $12.5 million on top of the $7.5 million realized in 2008. Net interest expense for the quarter was $11 million, with $2.1 million of that representing amortization of debt issuance costs. To the extent our debt is not swapped at fixed rates, continued historically low LIBOR rates during the quarter had a positive impact on our interest expense. We expect 2009 interest expense to be $47 million to $50 million with $9 million being non-cash amortization and debt issuance costs. The tax provision for the quarter was 38.7% of pre-tax income. We expect full year tax provision to be 34% to 37%, with increases in the fiscal 2008, including a full year for the CSK stores, which predominantly operate at higher tax rates. Excluding the non-cash acquisition related charge EPS, first quarter on an adjusted basis was $0.63 per share, which represents an increase of 31% over the prior year. For the year, adjusted EPS was $1.10 a share, a 25% increase over the prior year. The only remaining acquisition charge is amortization of trade names and trademarks incurred as part of the purchase price allocation in accordance with generally accepted accounting standard 141. We will amortize our remaining value over the next year and half as we convert all of the stores to the OReilly brand. For the year, the impact of this non-cash charge would be a reduction of GAAP EPS of $0.03. Moving on to the balance sheet, the OReilly average per store inventory at the end of the quarter was $505,000, which was a 7% increase from $472,000 as of last June. The increase was driven by the excess inventory in the system related to store conversions and the end of a major vendor consignment program. For the CSK stores, the average per store inventory increased from $511,000 at the end of March to $530,000 at the end of June. This increase is a result of our ongoing line conversion process. The average CSK store inventory in excess of the average OReilly store is the result of duplicative inventory in the CSK system as a result of these extensive line change orders. When the integration process is complete, we continue to expect average CSK inventory to be similar to the OReilly levels. Accounts payable of $819 million was 47.2% of inventory, as compared to 49.3% in the prior year. Our APD inventory ratio was negatively impacted by the excess inventory in the system related to the extensive line changing processes, the elimination of a major consignment program with one of our vendors, and continued pressure on one of our vendors caused by the distress in the credit markets. Moving on to capital expenditures, CapEx was $80 million for the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $231 million. We are lowering our estimated 2009 CapEx from $400 million to $420 million. This reduction is a combination of savings from the northern CALs, DC relocation, which Ted spoke about earlier. In the original plan, we were expected to buy this facility, but we were able to obtain a favorable lease, which reduced our CapEx by approximately $30 million. The remaining reduction in our expected 09 CapEx is a result of timing with these deferred expenditures moving into 2010. Depreciation and amortization grew $38 million, and we anticipate full year depreciation and amortization to be approximately $150 million. Total borrowings at the end of the quarter were $797 million, which brings our year-to-date net increase to $64 million. The increased borrowings we expected based on our plan to invest additional dollars in the CSK stores inventory, develop DC properties and convert stores. As of June 30, $447 million of availability under our IBM; primarily based on our reduced CapEx spend, we now estimate we will incur $60 million to $90 million of additional debt for the full year. Cash flow from operating activities was $66 million versus $97 million in the prior year quarter. Year-to-date cash flow from operating activities was $152 million versus $215 million in the prior year. Both the quarterly and year-to-date decreases, the result of investment and inventory related to the product changing in the CSK stores offset in part by higher net income and depreciation. Stock option expense for the quarter was $3.6 million, compared to $1.6 million in the prior year. The year-to-date stock option expense was $6.9 million compared to $2.9 million in the prior year. The increase was driven by the options issued in conjunction with the CSK acquisition. For the quarter, the reserve for LIFO decreased by $29 million, as we finalized product acquisition related notes, negotiations with our vendors, and prices decreased especially for those products priced primarily for these commodities. To recap our guidance, same store sales guidance for the quarter, core OReilly and converted stores was 4% to 6%, the CSK comp guidance was 1% to 3%, and the consolidated comp guidance was 3% to 5%. Our GAAP EPS guidance for the third quarter is $0.53 to $0.57 a share and 138.2 million shares. For the full year 2009, our comparable store sales guidance for OReilly and converted stores was 4% to 6%. The CSK comp guidance was 1% to 3%, and the consolidated GAAP guidance was 3% to 5%. We are raising our GAAP EPS guidance for the year to $2.06 to $2.10 on 137.7 million shares. Excluding the non-cash charge for names and marks, which is the only related charge we expect to take in 2009, we expect adjusted EPS to be $2.09 to $2.13. At this time, Id like to ask Mia, operator to comeback and well be happy to answer your question. Mia.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, Scott.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Can we talk a little bit about the comp depression of the converted stores? I know, there is major timing issue depending on when stores get converted, etc. Can you just help us reconcile the plus double digit comps were seeing after call it, 15, 16 weeks and the negative 3.4% that we saw posted in the quarter?
Greg Henslee: Well, Scot youre talking about what we referred some of the stores we converted on the year end call, I believe. Several of those Checker stores did really well out of the gate. In that, we explained that we were excluding the first four weeks of the, of those stores converging with us, because the negative trend continued and that was their performance at that point. What we gave you for the whole comp or at least the Checkers store comp, the decrease of 3.4% includes those stores that were converted in the second quarter and includes the performance of those stores as they continue to try to climb out of the negative trend that they were in. The 51 stores that we reported on at the end of the first quarter they were converted before the end of the year, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, continue to comp positive. This time of year what we are up against is comparing against CSK numbers, which has some effect, is that they were extremely heavy promoters of all products, both non-automotive and automotive, and we dont have nearly the promotional activity theyre going on, as compared to them. And for that reason, the double digit comps that we were saying arent happening, but we continue to gain traction on the wholesale side, and overtime, well continue to build the retail business. So we feel pretty good about and how were doing with the converted stores, and obviously, theyre not comping double digit, as some of the others did out of the gate in the middle of the winter.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: And, Greg, just a clarification, when you guys do the full conversion, we know that the stores have to kind of fall in the hole, as you mentioned, but are those stores comping down? Is it double digits? Is it down 18? Can you just give us an idea of how much of a hole they have to dig themselves out of?
Greg Henslee: Well, it varies by store obviously, and there are some of the stores that were comping double digit coming into the conversion and the double digit negative I mean, comping negative double digit coming into the conversion, and it takes a little while to dig out of that. So yes, we had some that were comping like that, and some that were doing okay into the conversion, and they obviously comp much better continuing the trend that they were on. Yes, there were some of those Checker stores, and some other Murrays stores for that matter that is exhibited by our [Inaudible] stores, we are doing coming into the conversion, that were certainly struggling prior to the conversion, and are doing better, but it takes a while, as I said, to dig out of the that they were on.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JP Morgan.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: Thanks and good morning, guys.
Greg Henslee: Good morning.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: Can you talk about the synergies? It seems like theyre running ahead of plan. Youve provided a number with the cost of goods synergies at the end of the fourth quarter last year. Can you talk about where you are through the end of the second quarter, on cost of goods synergies; and from accounting perspective, dont they get hung up in cost of goods until you sell that product? So shouldnt the synergies accelerate into the back half of the year?
Tom McFall: Good question. To address the first part of the question, the synergies are tied to when the products replace them at CSK stores. To the extent that we sign new deals and the OReilly product line exists and is already in the stores as we said, selling them, but at a lower cost. So were going to see the synergies build as we get the product all aligned at the CSK stores. I think we made that comment on the last two calls. From your question of does this get hung up in inventory, you got to remember that were LIFO based accounting. So the last product that we bought and in this case, the last product we brought which is at a lower cost is the first one that we sell.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: And any quantification on where you are from the cost of goods side, you talked about the SG&A side?
Tom McFall: We expect to see $60 million to $65 million for the total year. Obviously, the first quarter being by far the lowest as the product line deducts changeovers, havent started at the CSK stores. So we would expect it to continue to mount through the year. When you look at 2010, the $90 million that were estimating should be spread relatively flat across the year based on the amount of product that we move within each quarter.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: Okay. So you dont want to tell us the exact number, is what youre saying. And then, as a follow-up on a separate topic, can you talk about, the disruption you have a thousand stores that youre going to convert in the West Coast starting in the fourth quarter. Is there something that you can do to change the process that will or is there something different about those stores that will make it less disruptive so the hole wont be so deep?
Tom McFall: Well, let me kind of define a little bit about what these conversions entail, and maybe the difference between the conversions that weve done here in the center part of the country, as compared to those that well do out West. The Checker stores in the central part of the country and the Murrays stores that weve done these full conversions on. Basically, what were doing to those stores is, we are pulling all of the merchandise mother stores, pulling the fixtures out of the stores in many cases, and replacing those fixtures. If we decide to reuse the fixtures and theyre relocated and the store is reset. The display area is redefined to countermove in the POS system, basically we kind of lift clean and place the new store, and its extremely disruptive. Now we try our best to continue and do some business, and facilitate customers that need emergency parts and stuff like that, while were going through this, but it its a disruptive process, but its short. Its painful, but it doesnt move very long. In the CSK stores out west, their back room merchandise will have already been changed prior to us doing any display-area conversion, and the majority of those stores really dont have to have these huge resets of the display areas that Murrays stores had much larger display areas from what we would typically have, and that required a huge layout reset, whereas the CSK stores in the central part of the country, but also the ones out west dont have a big disparity between the sizes they were using as compared to what we would typically use. So the layout doesnt have to be changed as much. So the CSK conversions in general would be much less disruptive, because not only will the back room merchandise have been changed, thus majority of the front-room merchandise will have been changed, and the only conversion of the reset activity that will happen is we want to modify the layout a little bit, but there wont be the lifting of inventory and the replacement of inventory we would had with these stores, which creates most of the disruption, because it makes that inventory unavailable for sale as it will continue to be available for sale with the western CSK convergence.
Greg Henslee: I might also add just from a parts specialist standpoint, the familiarity with what theyre selling, the part numbers, where its at in the store, all of that will be behind us at the time of the conversion, system conversion. I mean, they will be selling the brands, for months and actually even years at that point. So from a product knowledge standpoint, it wont be a challenge. Also, just categorically, I think the 300 stores that we finished converting, they were running in a negative comp prior to the conversions, prior to time we wanted, so we had a little deeper hole already established to dig out of.
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chick with FBR Capital Markets.
Steve Chick - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, thanks.
Greg Henslee: Hey, Steve.
Steve Chick - FBR Capital Markets: Hi. How are you?
Greg Henslee: Good.
Steve Chick - FBR Capital Markets: A good quarter, two questions, I guess. Maybe Tom, to clarify, did you say the comment at the end there, about the LIFO reserve, is that was there a $29 million credit in the quarter? Is that how we look at that? And I think thats against an $8 million expense of a year ago; and if I got that number right, I dont know if that means the FIFO group margins actually, were they down for the quarter?
Tom McFall: The answer is that it was a reduction of the reserve. So it was theoretically a helper, but you cant take the change in LIFO and add it to gross margin and get FIFO.
Steve Chick - FBR Capital Markets: You cant be that simple about it? I know the LIFO account can get pretty complex, but, I guess the question, well, if you cant so were FIFO gross margins actually up in the quarter?
Tom McFall: Yes.
Steve Chick - FBR Capital Markets: You mentioned the commodity pricing fees.
Tom McFall: Yes.
Steve Chick - FBR Capital Markets: And margins as a third contributor so?
Tom McFall: We cannot change this call into an accounting call, the answer is yes, the FIFO gross margin were up in the quarter.
Steve Chick - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Well, we can try, probably going through the nuances offline, too. Okay. And second, if I could. So it sounds like sales trends so far this quarter have held up very nicely. Can you just clarify I mean, last year, we had in the southeast, a pretty big ash shortage of convert trends. So, can you talk about as we look into the quarter upcoming, as I remember it, you started the quarter off at 3% to 4% rate of growth in comps a year ago and actually ended the quarter at 1.5. So, how are you thinking about that with your guidance? I think once again looking maybe on the conservative side and can you clarify does the comps pricing get a lot easier from here?
Greg Henslee: Yes. If I remember right, third quarter last year, the easier part of it, comparison for this year, the tougher part last year was the earlier part of the quarter. So yes, it little bit easier and were just trying to be realistic in our comp guidance as we can, without being too aggressive. Weve been on a good run here with core OReilly from a comparable store sales perspective and we dont see anything in front of us within the next few months that will either change the trend the projection being that gas prices will stay fairly reasonable that theres not going to be a significant spike in new car sales, which I didnt know there would be that much of a difference very quickly anyway. I wouldnt say were being conservative with our guidance of 4% to 6% with core OReilly, but were certainly going to work to continue to generate comparable store sales, keeping what were generating right now and hopefully continue that through the quarter.
Steve Chick - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Henslee:  Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison of Robert W. Baird
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: On the commercial side of the business, the repair shops we talked to are telling us that repair part availability has become a serious problem across the industry. Is that dynamic, I guess, providing you with an opportunity to build new relationships and maybe take some share on the commercial side?
Greg Henslee: Well, we work awfully hard to make a wide array of parts available and one of the things that our industry has gone through over the past 10, 20 years is a huge proliferation of necessary to service the vehicle fleet on the road; and I feel like were positioned much better than most companies to provide parts and be hard to find and for that reason, as we make these that inventory available for the expanded distribution network out west, we would expect some improvement or hopefully significant improvement in our commercial business in the western stores. We continue everyday to dial in the method by which we determine what parts we keep in our distribution centers and our stores based on a vehicle population, failure rates we see, and the vehicles that exist in each market and then just demand in general. So, Im not sure what part of the country you guys talk to or what repair shops you talks to.  Acquiring parts for the repair shop is always a challenge. They hope to have the parts in 30 minutes no matter what kind of car theyre working on or what the part is and we work car to do that. Sometimes thats not possible, but we feel like were well positioned to provide the parts as compared to minimum others.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: That is helpful. Thank you.
Greg Henslee: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel  Oppenheimer:  Thank you. Good morning.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Nagel  Oppenheimer: Just a couple of questions; first off, on gross margins, I appreciate all the comments you gave us in your prepared remarks, but as we look at the improvement its been a 320 basis points, which was better than the 200 basis points you showed in Q1, so isolate that incremental say 120 basis points, is that largely commodities then if I go along the three parameters that you gave us?
Ted Wise: The larger part of that would be acquisition synergies, as we completed deals with our vendors, some of the major vendors weve highlighted took longer to deals done combined, as we change over the parts at CSK, especially the hard part. We buy a lot more effectively than they have in the past and those are thats the biggest, by far, piece of the gross margin improvement.
Brian Nagel  Oppenheimer: Okay. So and in the comments with respect to gross margins going forward, you think now were sort of past the peak point of that?
Ted Wise: There is a positive environment out there on these commodities. I think thats when we look forward for the last half of the year, when you work through our numbers, the gross margin estimate for the second half of the year is slightly less than what was achieved in the second quarter, and thats really coming from the expectation that those abnormally high gross margins that were seeing high commodity will revert to the norm.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thats helpful and then second question I had more broad based, but with respect to the converted stores, anything changing there with the competitive response as you convert these CSK stores?
Greg Henslee: Well, our business is a very competitive business, and there are several, very solidly managed companies that we compete with and, weve not noticed anything different happening in the markets that were converting stores as compared to stores that where we were not converting stores. So although there were certainly plenty of competitors, and we work hard to adapt to everything that our competitors do, and really our philosophy has been that we have a very solid strategy. So we continue to tweak that strategy ongoing, but weve not had to adapt anything our competitors are doing on the conversions and were pretty confident in just our ability to execute the business model as we have in the OReilly stores and thats what were working to establish right now. I mean, weve not seen any big change in our competitors in those markets.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: Okay and then just one final question. You gave us a lot of numbers with respect to the performance of the conversion stores in different stage of conversion. Just overall, is that the sort of say hit to comps that youve seen in the early stages of these conversions? Is that consistent with, what you thought you would see before you exited into this process?
Greg Henslee: Well, these stores that weve converted in the center part of the country are stores in most cases that we overlap with, and when we were buying the company, we of course evaluated the performance of new stores and distribution center they were in. We could see that those stores that we overlapped with were struggling very negatively, we bought the company. Weve done things to try and amend that ongoing, the biggest step being to convert these stores. So most of these stores were on a negative trend to begin with and following the conversion that trend continues with the added disruption of the conversion itself, as soon as start pulling out. As I said, the Checker store conversions, the stores that are in the center part of the country in hope, if we take all of them, theyre open and theres a 100 days freedom I believe and those stores are comping positive so far this. So I think weve pulled out of the negative territory with those as a whole. Theyre now comping positive, and hopefully well continue that trend as we establish these stores as stores that have better access to inventory, competitive pricing, and are serviced by a distribution center thats giving them at least five nights a week replenishment and in many cases need times a day access to at least 100,000 SKUs, which allows them to be a very savvy competitor with stores that dont have that kind of the excess inventory.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: Okay, thanks a lot.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Baker with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank: Just two questions, one would have a bit bigger picture, then one maybe accounting minutiae. On the bigger picture question, so you viewed as your business, I think, a little bit defensive, does well in a poor economy.  So how do you think of things, if auto parts sales get better, cash for clunkers, etc., if the general economy stabilizes? Do you think that could pull some business away from you? Then on the accounting question is your goodwill has been going up. Im wondering if you could discuss what behind that. Thanks.
Greg Henslee: Well, obviously weve been doing this for over 50 years, and weve seen ups and downs in the business with different economic trends. Ive been here 25 years, and with different things that can happen in the economy, you see swings. Really, weve done well in many years in good economies, when cars werent selling, and then we wouldnt expect instruction at all for cash for clunkers program. Obviously, it may increase new car sales some and we wouldnt think we would see a material change in demand for auto parts. Some of the categories that are really suffering right now are truck accessories, accessories in general. Dress up parts for new cars and trucks. We just dont, those things are selling more and so our performance is somewhat muted by the fact that those product categories are doing very poorly and those categories do much better when new cars do sell well. So, we dont see anything in the immediate future, at least our radar that would abruptly change demand for auto parts. Well obviously keep an eye on that and well report if anything that we think could cause a disruption. I wouldnt foresee us needing to update our guidance or comparable store sales for some time to come and there is something does a real good change in the economy.
Tom McFall:  On your question for goodwill, Michael; we had a year to adjust our opening balance sheet and purchase price allocation. This will be the last time its adjusted. The primary reason that goodwill went up were additional liability reserves primarily related to legal issues resolving around former CSK management.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. 
Ted Wise: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alan Rifkin with Bank of America.
Winston Sneasy - Bank of America: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks very much for taking our question. This is [Winston Sneasy] in for Alan. Just to get into the accounts a little bit more. I know you folks had said in the past that generally, a good way to think about the converted stores were that they would comp negative potentially in the high singles to double digits and then, within the four to six weeks period post-conversion, would turn flat then to positive. Just wondering if thats still a good way to think about it going forward and then as a follow-up question, more of a point of clarification. Regarding the Murray stores, now they represent roughly around 2% of the store base. Is it safe to assume that its actually less of percentage of revenues than that? Then your reported negative 11.9 comp was that relatively in line with your expectations? Thank you.
Greg Henslee:  Okay. Well, on the converted stores and when I speak of this, Ill speak of the converted stores representing the checker conversions and not the Murrays, but on the Checker, I think your comments are correct. Its somewhere in the four to six weeks following the conversion. Those stores would typically start to pull out of the negative range, depending on how far the negative they were. Our experience has been that the Checker stores would pull out somewhere in that range. As I said, the Checker stores as a whole are comping positive so far this quarter. So, I think your comment there relative to the comments we previously made is accurate. On the Murray stores, those stores were, I guess performing poorly to a greater degree than the Checker stores and their business model is different enough that it may take a little longer on those stores. Weve got a lot of effort right now going into the way we go to market, in Chicago and Detroit. Were working to improve the performance of those stores. Theres a whole lot of effort in our company. As a matter of fact, Ted and I spent a lot of time this morning prior to the call. So, were doing a lot of things there to convert those stores to our business model. Continue to build on the retail business that theyve done. Those stores pose a little bit bigger challenge than the rest of CSK in general, which is the reason that we reported Murray tests separately. Murray, as you said, represents about 2% of the store base. I would say it represents a slightly more than that as a percentage of revenue --.
Winston Sneasy - Bank of America: Slightly more, okay.
Greg Henslee:  A little bit more. Those stores had a higher average per unit than what the remainder of the stores has been. So, youll be finding more that the 2% that you looking from a store comp perspective. 
Winston Sneasy - Bank of America: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you, Vincent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T.
Greg Henslee: Good morning, Tony.
Tony Cristello - BB&T:  Hey, guys. I guess, as a point of clarification, Greg you noted that and I guess you could look at it two ways. Either the 51 stores, I think, you said were actually comping positive. If you look at that group of 51 that you noted in Q1 that comped plus 4.3, how positive are those? I mean, are they 4.3 still? Are they better or they worse than that level?
Greg Henslee: Yes. Theyre low single-digits. We didnt put the number in the press release, and dont want to file an 8-K by providing the exact number, but its low single-digits on the 51 stores that we have concluded at the end of 2008.
Tony Cristello - BB&T: Okay and the other question, then, I have is, when you look at the West Coast stores, youve got 80% of the line changeover in the parts there. Is it simply replenishment now that gets you going from 2% to 6% to 8% to drive the commercial, or are there what are the sort of important pieces we need to look for to know that that business is going to start to turn or what can contribute to getting those comps going at an even greater level.
Greg Henslee: Yes. Well, the reason is distribution capability assumes and I like said, 80% of the lines have been changed. The reason the distribution capability assumes important is it gives the stores in the area around the distribution center time of the-day access, those DCs out there will have it in excess of 100,000 SKUs and our average store will have 20,000, 22,000 SKUs, something like that. So thats the big thing that allows us to really start penetrating the commercial side of the business and then the stores that dont have same day access to the distribution center, if theyre in the Metro, we try to augment the fact that theyre not posted DC with the hub store. There are many stores will be in areas that might not have access to a hub store, and by having our distribution capability out there, the stores would have overnight access. During the night, they can have anyone of over 100,000 SKUs to their stores. So they can have it first thing next morning and installer customer in that market and thats a big thing. Those kinds of service levels are what have allowed OReilly Auto Parts to grow into the company that we are today; and without that, we simply cant execute our commercial strategy out there. Getting the distribution centers in place is a very, very important thing from a replenishment standpoint, because it allows us to deploy more SKUs and get away from some of the depth you have to have with the weekly replenishment, thats more important just from an access to broader array of SKUs which were working to establish.
Ted Wise: Tony, this is Ted. I also want to add and as you know, the wholesale business is very relationship based and CSK was a retailer in a little wholesale business, so theres a process we have to go through store-by-store, recruiting and building the ISS, installer service specialist that can be a delivery service once we get the parts and prices inline.  That is an ongoing process, and weve made some great headway, and continue to hope that every district manager, every REM, thats one of their primary focuses right now is building the right key to address the wholesale business going forward.
Greg Henslee: Tony, one more thing Ill add to that, is just from a systems standpoint, our systems, our point of sale and sourcing systems are really held to service the wholesale side of the business, and those stores will benefit significantly from using our system to look up from out of our distribution center and other stores as opposed to what theyre using now.
Tony Cristello - BB&T:  Great. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Greg Henslee: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Gregory Melich with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley:  Thanks. I had really just one question with a couple parts and its about the core OReilly stores comp. Im still a very impressive performance, and it sounds like the commercial got a little bit better sequentially and maybe the DIY got a little bit of a deceleration sequentially. Could you describe that? Are we getting that right? And then second, within that what was traffic and ticket on the retail side and was your growth into it forming more business with existing customers or winning new accounts?
Ted Wise: Yes. Well, youre right. The commercial business was stronger in the core OReilly stores than the DIY business. Not by a huge margin but it was better. From a traffic and Tom, you have the traffic numbers?
Tom McFall: Both traffic and average ticket contributed to the positive comps.
Ted Wise: Yes.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley:  On the do it for me side, did you find without acceleration more about getting more items in the basket and getting more business with your existing accounts or were you able to get out and get new accounts in this environment?
Greg Henslee: Well, thats a tough one to measure. Weve grown our business with our existing customers ongoing; but usually, when we set up a store, we open an account for virtually everyone who can possibly buy a part for us just to make sure when they do make the first transaction, its easy.  So, its a little bit hard to measure whos not, because generally the customers around our store will do some business with us, but I would say that weve probably dont with their job penetrating our existing customers, doing more business with them, as their business has improved in the economy also, because theres typically not a lot of customers around the store that we just simply wouldnt be doing business with.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley:  Got you and finally, with a lot of the dealerships closing and that service business moving around do you think thats helped some of your commercial accounts get more business yet, or has it not..?
Greg Henslee: Well, I think its helped some. I think that as these dealers close, theres an array of things that will happen. Sometimes that business that was going to the dealership will be disbursed out among the after market shops around the dealership. Some of it could possibly go to dealership in another area and some of it goes to new shops that are open either in the existing dealership location, because some of the dealerships are continuing service operations and used car lots or maybe another brand or something like that, and some of these highly skilled technicians and shop managers are going out on their own and opening shops, which will potentially be customers of ours. So I would say the net-net of it is it is a positive for the after market and for us but theres a variety of things that happen as the dealerships close.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: 
G:
Greg Henslee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the allotted amount of time for questions. Do you have any further remarks?
Greg Henslee:  Yes. I would like to thank everyone for their continued interest in our company. We worked hard to move through the CSK acquisition and take advantage of the opportunities that we saw when we acquired CSK. I can tell you we feel even more encouraged today than we have, and its been the case as we have worked through this with the prospects of the business that we do in the western half of the country as we get in position to execute our business model. Well look forward to reporting our results in the third quarter this year. So, thank you very much for your time.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Henslee - Chief Executive Officer, Co-President Thomas McFall - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Finance Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer, Co-President David OReilly - Chairman of the Board  Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Alan Rifkin - Banc of America
Analysts: Stephen Chick - FBR Kate Mcshane - Citi Investment Research Scott Stember - Sidoti. Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company Jack Murphy - William Blair
Operator: Good morning, my name is Chantal and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to 2009 OReilly Automotive first quarter earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions)  Mr. Tom McFall, you may begin your conference. 
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Chantal. Good morning everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee our CEO, Id like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words.  In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such as statements discussing among other things expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategies, business strategies, future revenues and future performance.  These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war.  Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factors section of the companys Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for more details.  At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee. 
Gregory Henslee: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer, and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer, David OReilly, our Executive Chairman is also present.  Id like to start off by thanking all, our team at OReilly for their hard work and dedication to our companys success. Our team is fully focused on providing the best customer service in our business and I think the great levels to service we provide continue to be evident in our comparable stores sales growth. I also like to thank our store installation and conversion teams, who have done such a great job setting up and opening our new stores and converting the CSK stores. These conversion have been a very significant undertaking and I am extremely pleased with not only pace of the conversion, but the great job our teams have done turning each of these stores into an OReilly auto part store.  Each of you are clearly exhibited our culture values and I think all the team member that joined OReilly is part of the CSK acquisition have been impressed with your work ethics and dedication to getting the job done right no matter how difficult the circumstance. Currently we are nearing the end of the first phase of our CSK integration process having merged the stores that overlap with an existing OReilly store and convert it most of the stores that can be serviced by OReilly distribution center including the stores with in the reach of our buildings Montana DC, the Upper Midwest stores, the Chicago Metro area, West Texas and we are currently finishing up this face is a conversion with the stores in New Mexico that can be serviced out of our new Lubbock distribution centre. We have also completed the conversion of the Detroit distribution centre, the old [Maries] DC to our computer and material handling systems and have converted very stores supplied by that DC over to RPOs system  Ted will be providing more detail about our new store openings as well as more specifics on the CSK conversions in a moment, but I want to say that we are very pleased with our progress on the integration. Weve made a lot of headway since July of last year, not only on the first phase of the store conversions, but also with our progress in building a stronger distribution network out west. We purchased existing distribution facilities in Southern California, Seattle and Denver and we have a location under contract in Salt Lake City. These four new DCs will augment the existing capacity we have in Phoenix and Dixon, California and allow us to fully implement the OReilly dual market strategy. Weve also made significant progress with the change over inventory out west, which is progressing one product line at a time and we are very confident that we will continue to see positive results as we progress with these byline change overs and deployment of more customized inventories that focus on a good, better, best offering.  Weve also integrated many of the headquarters functions into our Springfield head quarters, and we were making incremental progress on that front. At this point in the integration progress and I think I speak for our whole management team, when I say we are very pleased with the acquisition and are exited about what the future will bring as we continue our progress through this integration process, and put ourselves in a position to significantly grow our market share in these new markets. Again Ted will be reviewing more details on all this in a moment.  Sales grew nicely in the first quarter, is the stronger business trends we started seeing in the later part of 08, continued into this year. Core OReilly comparable store sales grew at a strong phase and we are steady throughout the quarter. As you know we are not comparing the same number of days in the first quarter this year to last year, since last year was a leap year, that even with the loss of a day this year we generated very solid 8.2 comparable store sales in the core OReilly stores. It appears that total miles driven are making incremental improvements, but its still down a little from last year. Although the day we get from the deportment of transportation is away with a couple of months behind. Considering the continued poor performance of new car and truck sales, we have to assume that the average age of vehicles continues to increase and the miles driven on vehicles that are out of warranty and not an a lease program continues to grow.  I also feel, as many of our commercial customers have expressed that many customers are very simply back to taking good care of their cars with the mindset that they will be driving them for a longer that they might have expected a year or two ago, and for that reason we are not seeing as much differed maintenances as we have in previous periods. On a bike category basis, we are certainly seeing better performance in the alliance that are fairly not discretionary such as chasse and steering , starters and alternators and batteries. While more discretionary categories, like accessories and other more ancillary items are performing really as well. The strong core OReilly comparable stores sales were very encouraging from many perspectives, but I think most noteworthy is the fact that many of our stores are relatively matured markets and are generating outstanding comparable store sales. As well as many of the stores in the Southeast will be overlapped with so many competitors. I think our performance in the core OReilly stores speaks to the depth and strength of our store operations and distribution operation teams and so many in our management group focused their time and effort on the CSK integration. Both the core OReilly retail and commercial side to the business grew similar rates during the quarter driven by solid ticket count increases and to a lesser degree average ticket price.  The CSK conversions have been moving along at a strong phase and we are pleased with the results we have been generating. There is no question that the store have a lot of potentials as we put them back into the core auto parts business with better inventories in the stores supported by broad distributions center inventories, market competitive pricing and solid category management.  Im extremely proud of the great job our newest team members have done weathering the disruption on these conversions, training on the new systems and beginning to build relationships with commercial customers and provide higher levels of service to our retail customers. Many of these stores have been generating negative comparable store sales in the high single digit and even double digits prior to the conversion and most are making the transition to positive comparable store sales within four to six weeks following the completion of the conversion.  At the end of 2008 we had 51 stores converted some have being converted right at the very end of the year. Of these 51 stores we had 27 stores that had been in operation for at least four weeks post conversion at the end of the year. These stores generated comparable store sales of 4.3% for the first quarter on a calendar quarter basis. Since last year was a leap year, if we exclude the 29 of February 2008, from the comp base to get to a 90 to 90 day comparison they comp it 5.8%. When we look at all 51 stores that were converted by year-end last year, many of which continue to comp negative into the first quarter as we expected it to do, they generated comparable store sales of 2.9% and on an equal number of days comparison 90 to 90 comp did 4.3%. Somethings to keep in mind relative to these conversions are; most of these stores are located in the Upper Midwest, which has significant sales volatility in the winter due to extreme weather. CSK did a lot of price promotions at low margin around at right traffic and generate sales on ancillary merchandise. Many of these items such as motorbikes, accessories, car stereos and a long list of other imported items are not nearly as prominent in our mix.  Our plan is to put these stores back into the core auto parts business and with the greatly enhanced inventory breadth many at the key heart part or application part categories are now compiling in the double digits. This type of business does not require constant promotion, its sustainable based on the non-discretionary nature of the products and builds over time as world recognize as the provider that has the parts that our customers need and are staff by professional parts people. Its also important to consider that weve adjusted our pricing to be market competitive which required us to lower our selling price in the range of 2% to 4% as part of these conversions. As an example, comparing ticket counts in the 51 stores that were converted by the end of the year we generated 7.4% more tickets in the first quarter than we did last year, which clearly indicates the additional traffic and commercial transactions weve been able to generate by not only having the parts, but by being price competitive. Again on a 91 day to 90 day comparison these stores generated a 2.9% comp. So we feel very good about our ability to transition these stores in the auto parts destination for the DIY business, as we work to build a solid book of commercial business in each store. The non converted CSK stores generated comparable store sales of 1.5% comparing 91 days last year to 90 days this year.  We are proud to have comp positive for the first two full quarters weve own CSK and few were gaining traction as we see incremental benefit from the inventory deployments and product line change over weve completed so far. We are doing line changes in additions weekly in a very structured manner to avoid over loading the stores in the distribution centers and at the end of the quarter had completed almost 20% of the product line change overs and are on plan to complete the majority of the changes by the end of this year. There is no question that this acquisition has been a huge undertaking by our management team and we are very excited about our progress and the success we had to date. We are on plan with our integration strategy and it work with each of our suppliers to deploy better category assortments and applications parts coverage in each of our new markets. Early on we expressed our potential to generate approximately a $100 million in an annual run rate synergy comprised of $25 million in operating cost savings and $75 million in merchandise cost savings. I am very pleased to announce that we are well on our way to meeting those targets and feel very confident in our ability to clearly accomplish those synergies.  Looking the second quarter and the remainder of the year, we have every reason based on our performance over the past several months as well as current trends to be reasonably confident that these current strong trends will continue. Yet its hard to ignore the high level of unemployment and the potential that continues to rise and to create some headwind. All things considered we are raising our comparable store sales guidance to 3% to 5% for the core OReilly stores for both the second quarter and the year. For the CSK stores we are going to maintain our 1% to 3% guidance for the second quarter and maintain our annual guidance 2% to 4% for the year as we believe will continue to gain traction as the year progresses. On a consolidate basis we would expect 2% to 4% comparable store sales for both the second quarter and for the year. Again I want to thank all the team OReilly for their hard work during the first quarter as we worked to gain market share in our existing market and work to integrate the CSK stores and provide better levels of customer service in those markets. We are progressing well and look forward to great things to come as we complete these inventory change overs and establish our distribution network in the western half of the country. Ill now turn the call over to Ted Wise our Chief Operating Officer to provide more details on our continued expansion and the integration of CSK.
Ted Wise:  Thanks Greg and good morning everyone. To start of I would like to give a brief overview of our expansion in the core OReilly stores for the first quarter. We actually installed 58 new OReilly stores. However including the CSK OReilly store mergers which resulted in some store closure, we increased our net store count by 52 bringing us to total of 3,337 stores at the end of the quarter. 58 new stores were installed throughout 17 states with a top expansion area being in North Carolina with 13 stores. Texas with nine stores, Georgia with seven stores and Ohio with four stores. In addition to the new stores we relocated four stores to new prototype building and had extensive renovations in nine other stores. All in all and especially considering being that map we change over plan going on in the CSK convergence store, this was an exceptional first quarter for our new expansion.  The upcoming quarter was to be a stronger one with approximately 54 new stores on the schedule. As previously stated our new store expansion will end up in the area of 150 new locations for 2009. Our expansion will continue to be strong in the Eastern states in the Ohio valley area supported by the new DC in Greensboro, North Carolina, which is scheduled to open in the middle of May.  The new distribution centre will start out servicing around 60 OReilly stores with capacity to service up to 250 stores. The Murray Detroit distribution centre was successfully convert from the CSK system to the OReilly system last week and will continue to serve the 79 Detroit area stores. This DC has plenty of excess capacity and will play an important and necessary role in our continued store growth in Michigan and the Ohio area.  Service of a group of existing store will be moved to new Greensboro distribution centre from Orlando DC, opening up the needed distribution capacity for our continued expansion in the Southeast states. Our eastern divisions store group is experiencing strong comps store growth and we feel confident with the increase market presence in the Southeast state we will continue to gain sale momentum. We are also seeing a good sales trend developing in the northern division and with the additional market presence on the converted Checker stores and improved service and inventory levels provided out of our upgraded Minneapolis DC, we expect to see this trend continue throughout the year. Now to summarize our progress on our CSK conversion work, we are now in the final stretch of completing the first phase of the conversion that started last September. This included the 300 plus stores that we designated could be switched over to OReilly distribution center. Next week we will be finishing the last group of New Mexico store and with last weeks Detroit DC and store conversions finished, all the stores in this first phase will be replenished on an nightly basis.  Most important is the increase in upgraded inventory SKU mix in the store. Comparative market pricing and the operation on the OReilly point of sale system. We will still have store reset work to do in the Detroit area store that this should be finished by mid summer. As immediate follow-up to all of these store inventory change over and layoff resets, we are also in the process of interior image upgrade that include installing OReilly to core packages. The exterior re-brand, including new OReilly signs has also started with the checker stores in the northern states and is moving to the New Mexico stores. Plans are being made to re- brand the Chicago Murray stores to OReilly followed by the Detroit stores later on in this year. With regard to the change overcast for these 300 stores, I also want to recognize the hard work of OReilly team members who have been involved and responsible for planning and execution at the corporate and distribution level. These store installation supervisors that have manage the actual conversion in the field have done an absolutely outstanding job. They were supported by literally 100s of OReilly team members from throughout the stores, that volunteered to help in the change over and training of our new team members in the CSK conversion store. No doubt this is a great example of OReilly culture based on hard work and dedication. In order to move on and review our plans for the balance of the CSK store base. It obviously starts with the required addition of distribution capacity and as Greg announced and we are happy to announce we have finished the site selection and acquisition of all four of the new distribution centers out west. The first DC is scheduled to open in Seattle in November and will service the 246 Schuck stores in the Northwest. The Southern California DC will open next January and service 230 Kragen stores.  The Denver distribution center is scheduled to open in March and service to Colorado checker store and in May we will be opening the Salt Lake City location to supply the area the low priority Checker store. All of these will open with OReilly distribution systems and service model included in expanded SKU coverage and not replenishment. Then after the DCs are open the current CSK distribution centers, both in Phoenix and Northern California will be reformatted to the OReilly DC model, which should be completed by the end of next week here. This is obviously a very aggressive roll out plan, but we have an outstanding DC leadership team developing and addressing all of the pieces of a very complicated and time convince plan, we are very confident in their ability to get the job done.  Now regard to the actual store conversions they were obviously be in conjunction with the opening of each new DC. Realizing at all stores will receive a point of sales system; there will be a huge amount of training and orientation of the team members during this process. Unlike the 300 store we are now finishing, these stores will not have inventory lifted since line changes are progressing in the stores now and for the most part should be completed by the time store changes, DC computer systems. This will make the transition much easier and less disruptive for the customers and team members. We will however need to reset plan in advance and do interior image upgrades to the OReilly brand followed by the rebranding the exterior to OReilly. In regard to the rebranding of these stores has announced our co-branding plan is well underway. It should help make the actual rebranding to OReilly a much smoother transition.  All team members are now wearing the green OReilly core branded uniform shirts, all interior signage is co-branded, all our print and radio advertising has been converted to co- branded and the storage of stocking OReilly branded chemicals and private label products. The feedback on a co-branding from the team members and customer is very positive. Of course the most effective part is not what we are saying, but what we are doing in regard to improving our store inventory levels and Hub support systems while adjusting our prices to be competitive. It is a process and obviously it takes time to establish and build market share, but the transition has started and product line by product line we are improving the stores ability to grow their business. Of course the addition of nightly service level, OReilly systems and the total rebranding OReilly will be the final and key foundation for our growth and success in these stores.  Now regard to our team member training and staffing efforts, the store operations, field sales and distribution management teams are being realigned to mere the OReilly program and management concepts. Our new team members have been very receptive to this transition and the OReilly duel market focus needed in the field to better manage our operations and service both our retail and installer customer.  Just to make a final comment on Gregs comments on the sales growth, I want to point out that during the last couple of years weve been busy implementing several key programs at the store level throughout the company. Including a new point of sale system, a new labor scheduling tool and a new LMS or computer based training system. These new tools are now fully implemented and can play an important role in improving our productivity and customer service levels in all of our stores.  In addition our installer sales teams have never been more focused on making quality call and building business relationships with our professional customers. The great example of this is our Certified Auto Repair installer marketing program which continues to gain membership and is now up to over 2300 quality repair shops. We are continuing to add over 15 new shops each month and almost a half of them is coming from new installer customers in the CSK market areas.  Overall, our stores had never been better prepared and better positioned to service us both our retail and installer customer. In ending, I would like to congratulate team OReilly on the outstanding sales achievement for the first quarter, no doubt its a result of lots of hard work and continued focus on giving the best customer service level in each store market.  Ill now the call over to Tom. 
Tom McFall:  Thanks Ted, now we will take a more in depth look at the numbers. Sales increased $518 million, 80% over the prior year to $1.2 billion for the quarter. The increase was attributable to a $55 million increase in the OReilly comp store sales, $37 million in non comp new store sales, $1 million increase in non-comp non store sales and $425 million in the acquired CSK stores.  For the year, we maintained our total revenues guidance of $4.7 million to $4.8 million. Gross profit was 46.6% of sales for the quarter versus 46.2% in the fourth quarter of 2008 the improvement was driven primarily by bank synergies from our increased purchase volumes, offset in part by a full quarter of price corrections in the CSK stores to move the competitive pricing and the increased amount of commercial sales at the CSK stores.  We continue to be comfortable that product merchandise acquisitions cost savings will be $50 million in 2009. For the year, we anticipate gross profit as a percentage of sales will be 46.8% to 47.3%. SG&A for the quarter was 36.9% of sales versus 39.0% in the fourth quarter of 2008. Excluding non-recurring charges from both quarters SG&A for the quarter was 36.7% of sales versus 37.9% in the fourth quarter of 2008.  The increased leverage was a result of better comparable store sales, continued savings from elimination of duplicate SG&A functions, and fuel savings offset part by higher payroll associated with conversion and training at the converted stores. We continue to expect 2009 SG&A synergies to be $7.5 million to $12.5 million on top of the $7.5 million realized in 2008.  Net interest expense for the quarter was $12 million versus $13 million in the fourth quarter, with $2.2 million of that number representing amortization and debt issuance cost. To extend our debt is not swap to fixed rates; lower LIBOR rates during quarter had a positive impact on our interest expense. We expect 2009 interest expense to be $51 to $54 million with $9 million being non-cash amortization of debt issuance cost. The tax provision for the quarter was 38.5% of pretax income. We expect full year tax provision to be 38.4% to 38.7% with the increase over fiscal 2008 attributable to including a full year in the CSK stores which predominantly operate in a higher tax rate states. Excluding the non-cash acquisition related charge, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.47 per share, which represents an increase of 17.5% over the prior year.  The only remaining acquisition charge we expect to take is the amortization of trade names and trade marks recorded as part of the purchase price allocation in accordance with the statement of financial accounting standards 141. Well amortize the remaining value over the next two years as we cover all the stores to the OReilly brand. For the quarter the impact of this non-cash charge was a penny and as expected that for the year the impact on GAAP EPS will be a decrease of $0.03.  Moving on to the balance sheet; the core OReilly average per store inventory at the end of the quarter was $475,000, which is a slight decrease from the $478,000 as of last March. For the CSK stores the average per store inventory increased from $461,000 per store at the end of December to $511,000 at the end of March.  This significant increase is a result of our line convert process swinging in the high gear. The average CSK store inventory in excess of the average OReilly store inventory is a result of duplicate inventory in the CSK system as a result of these extensive line changeovers. When the integration process is complete, we would expect the average CSK store inventory to be similar to the core OReilly levels. Accounts payable of $761 million was 46.8% of inventory, as compared to 46.7% in the prior year.  The APD inventory ratio was helped by significant line change over orders, but the ratio will continue to be under pressure based on existing credit markets. Total borrowings were $791 million at the end of March, which was an increase of $58 million over year end. This increase was driven by $61 million increase in the borrowings under our ABL, which had $675 million outstanding at the end of March.  Their increase in borrowings was expected, as we invested in additional inventory for the CSK stores and purchased three DC properties. As of March 31, we had $395 million of availability under our ABL. We maintain our projections that well incur in additional $80 million to $120 million of debt from December 31, 2008 to December 31, 2009. Capital expenditures were $151 million for the quarter, which is inline with our expectations. The increase of $92 million over the prior year is attributable to the three DC properties purchased during the quarter and the CapEx to converted stores. We continue to expect to spend between $420 million and $470 million on CapEx this year and have depreciation expense between $130 million and $145 million. Now for some other financial information. Cash flow from operating activities was $87 million for the quarter compared to $119 million in the prior year. The $32 million decrease was driven by the investment in inventory at CSK offset in part by higher EBTIDA. Stock option expense for the quarter was $3.3 million compared to $1.4 million in the prior year with the increase driven by the options issued in conjunction with the CSK acquisition. For the quarter, the reserve for LIFO decreased by $3 million as prices stabilized and some base commodity prices decreased.  To recap our guidance for the second quarter, our comparable store sales guidance for the CSK branded stores is 1% to 3%, for the OReilly branded stores 3% to 5% and the consolidating comp guidance is 2% to 4%. This comp guidance is given based on the progression of the quarter thus far and with consideration of the negative impact of the Easter holidays falling in the second quarter in 2009 versus the first quarter of 2008.  Our GAAP EPS guidance for the second quarter is from $0.50 to $0.54 on 136.7 million shares excluding the non-cash charge for names and marks we expect adjusted EPS to be $0.51 to $0.55. For the full year 2009, our comparable store sales guidance for OReilly branded stores is 3% to 5% and for CSK and consolidated the comp guidance is 2% to 4%. Our GAAP EPS for the year is from $1.89 to $1.93 on 136.9 million shares and excluding the charge for names and marks, which is the only acquisition related charge we expect to take in 2009. We expect adjusted EPS to be $1.92 to $1.96. At this time, Id like to ask Chantal the operator to come back and well be happy to answer your questions. Chantal.
Stephen Chick - FBR: A couple of questions, may be on the numbers if I could. First just to clarify the OReilly branded comp of 8.2% is just for the leap year comparison, is it as simple as kind of 1/91 type of calculation. What would that have been without the day and if you can give me the same calculation for the CSK branded comp of 1.5, please.
Gregory Henslee: Stephen, in general the numbers work like this. The extra day last year was a Sunday. So, for the core OReilly stores in the quarter it was not a full days impact since the wholesale side of the business doesnt run on Sunday, for CSK it was a bigger impact because Sunday is a big retail day for them. 
Stephen Chick  FBR: Okay. So and what was impact again?
Gregory Henslee: So, in general its a little less than 190 for the OReilly stores and a little more than 190 for the CSK stores.
Stephen Chick  FBR: Thats helpful, and your comps are kind of about where you are trending so far in April of the current quarter. I actually didnt get that, because your guidance obviously in somewhere in the last quarter is pretty conservative relative to the quarter that you just reported. Have April trends continue the trajectory or what are you seeing so far in that the quarter that we are in?
Gregory Henslee: Steve what we would say is that the trend we were on and the first quarter is basically continued into the second quarter with the caviar beginning of the Easter last year it was in March and this year in April and that obviously has a negative effect to this plan in April.  So, that obviously from a comparison standpoint has made the weak so far this quarter not much as good as why would have that not happened but done and I know that it could be viewed that 3% to 5% OReilly with 8.2% comp sounds slightly uneven comparison can see in conservative. But we continue to have the overhang of just the general economy and the unemployment being what it is and the potential for that increase, which you ultimately could have an effect on our customers even though they are trying hard to mange their expenses and thats I can and maintain the cars and so forth.  Hopefully, we do better than what we are projecting, but we feel very confident in projecting 3 to 5 for the core OReilly and 1 to 3 with the CSK stores that it not yet been converted.
Stephen Chick  FBR: I think also, correct me if Im wrong, but is the kind of later months of the quarter, are they a higher proportion of the quarter for sales. Is June the highest --?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, the second quarter we ramped total volume from March to June, with June being the largest month.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate Mcshane - Citi Investment Research
Kate Mcshane - Citi Investment Research: Can you just briefly talk about your view on some of the incentive programs that are being offered by the OEMs. Do you think that could slow some of the strength that you have been seeing in your business, and is that incorporated into your guidance or will this possible improvement completely be offset by dealership still going --?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, our business is always been driven by vehicles that exist in the market place that are older vehicles and vehicles that are out of warranty and so forth. There is no question that car sales have always been something that, as new car scheme on the road they obviously didnt take us any parts of the older cars.  There is such a big vehicle population in the United States and there is so many people that I think theyre finding out that there is value in the cars that have a 100 to 150,000 miles on them and so forth. I dont see a lot of the core customers that we deal with taking advantage of the incentives, because they just cash position they are in, as families with unemployment where its at and so forth.  If something what happened to where new car sales where just to go crazy, and there is a material change in the vehicle population in the U.S., yes I can have some short term effect possibly, but thats not happened in our history to that agree that affected our business materially. 
Kate Mcshane - Citi Investment Research: Then can you just talk about the competitive environment now that youve converted more towards and converted more to the DCs. Have you seen your competition, weather it would be national competitors or regional competitors get more aggressive in these CSK regions?
Gregory Henslee: Well, we boys had we believe is had great respect for all of our competitors. Theyve always been relatively aggressive and there is all our market that we exist and that we dont have a good strong competitor. Weve not seen a material change in the level of competition as the result of any of the efforts weve made to convert the stores, because I too like those stores have solid competition to begin with. I do think that the things that we are doing put us in a much better position to compete with companies that are very capable of competing with us.  Weve done that to our business lives and well continue to do that and weve think that we have good strategies to go-to-market and we did a good job managing inventory and managing our pricing and we have great teams in the field that they drive our commercial business and provide great service to our retail customers and were going to do all we can to drive retail traffic into our stores, but I guess to answer your question directly, now weve not seen a material change in competitive activity as a result of the things that we have done.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Stember - Sidoti.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company:  Guys, to once aging talk about how many DCs you will eventually be putting in place our on the West Cost, just gives us a timeline on more time?
Gregory Henslee: The plan is that we would open the Seattle distribution center at the end of this year, and that we will open a southern California distribution center the first of next year. Denver, late spring next year and then Salt Lake City shortly after Denver, maybe early spring, early summer and then the Dixon, California DC that it exist after now that is supplying many of the CSK stores out west. It would be converted in the late summer and then Phoenix, which is the other DCs that supplies the western CSK stores would be converted in early fall.
Scott Stember  Sidoti & Company: And beyond that plans to had any additional DCs up on the west coast?
Gregory Henslee: Not right now. That gives us good solid capacity and some growth potential for sometime to come. We still have a lot of work to do to evaluate our potential to expand out west, although we do see potential and we got capacity built in to our existing distribution plan to offer that, but we dont have any plans to put any other distribution centers out there right now.
Scott Stember  Sidoti & Company: Okay and on the west cost stores as far as the layering in some of the commercial buss, can you talk about how that is going. I know that youve talked about the initial 300 stores that some of them which heard youve done very well. Have you seen anything on the west cost?
Gregory Henslee: Well, that is our growth in the CSK stores out west has been driven little more by the commercial business that the retail business thus far. I would expect that the disparity in the rate growth that continue for sometime, I think our promotional programs are solid and as we put ourselves in a position to have more access to more cars and good category management so forth as Ive said in my prepared comments, I think that well continue to grow our commercial business.  Yes, weve done pretty well in the commercial business out there so far, and we have a long way to go and we are far from being the supplier that well end up being after once we have all of our tools in place, but we have taken advantage of the deployments of inventory that we made in 120 stores that we put, broader inventory and those inventories are strategically located to service kind of a hub type system for stores surrounding them.  So we have had some good fortune I guess in expanding our commercial programs out there. So just weve dont put this in our public disclosures, but this has been asked before. Just as a percent of sales, our CSK had previously measured their commercial business as being about 18% of their sales and DIY 82%. Based on our measurement during the fourth quarter, it was more like 10 to 90 and currently its about 13 to 87.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird:  Did you anticipate any supply disruptions related to the big three troubles in the automotive sector and what are your contingency plans?
Gregory Henslee: Well, we certainly have watched that because there is no question that many of after market suppliers are also OE suppliers. Many of those suppliers are very strong suppliers that have a good mix of both after market and OE business, but yes we have evaluated that our merchandize team has evaluated that by supplier basis.  Many of our products come from more than one supplier as it exists today, and in most cases we have backup for buyers for the suppliers that we have for core products, if it ever came to that we would be able to use back up suppliers. We currently do that, weve done that for years.  If a supplier replaces their computer system which has happened over the past 8 or 10 years as companies has moved to more enterprise type systems, they sometimes would have glitches in shipping and so forth and we would augment one suppliers capacity with another supplier to help ensure that we are able to provide parts for our customers. That same strategy, weve used in the past would apply now with a list of back up suppliers reach at the primary categories that we carry.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: You still need to stock up on additional inventory ahead of any of that issue?
Gregory Henslee: No, some of that products that we carry, we order more than once a week. If we felt like a supplier was headed towards some eminent problem, we would certainly do that. Weve not been put in position to do that any more than we would with the seasonal anticipation of demand and so forth, its the amount of what weve done in the past.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: Then finally, do you have any early projection on how you and your DIFM customers would benefit from franchise dealer consolidation?
Gregory Henslee: Well, in the repair work that the franchise dealers are doing now in some of these new smaller markets, and there have been several closings as most of you know. There is a convenience factor related to repair work thats out-of-warranty and some of the carry over that a warranty vehicle and is head to a dealership is cash out-of-warranty business, we believe will be distributed out into the after market simply from a convenient staffing Some one who lives in a small town, you know you maybe 30 or 40 miles from a metro area that was may be having their car work done in a dealership when it needed maintenance.  I think that those customers, at least many of them will transition to an after market supplier and the net business would be supplied by us and the others that compete in the after market.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)Your next question comes from Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: One question I had was, Greg when you talked about the lift in the converted stores of the comp being sort of the 4% to 5% range and if you go back to last quarter and you talked about those converted stores at the time, and may be that was the trend for that week or that period running in sort of mid-teens. Can you sort of compare or contrast what is it a timing difference, is it a situation where if you would have looked at the period as a whole at last quarters data point that total comp might have been two and now were at five? Im just trying to understand in relationship what might be the difference and how I should be viewing that?
Gregory Henslee:  Okay. Well it is a point we reported, these stores we didnt have remainder been converted for very long and as you know we are brining these stores up from a negative comparable stores sales performance. As I said many double digit negative comparable stores sales performance. So takes a while to get them to the point that theyre positive. At the point that we reported our fourth quarter earnings, we decided that rather than try to include the period in which the negative sales are pulling back to zero we would just look at our weekly performance for the difference at the stores.  I think what I reported on was the stores that have been opened in October and then November and so forth and then talked about how they had performed there 13 week of operation or 14 week and 15 week.  At that point those stores were on a strong trend, most of those stores were in the upper Midwest, sometimes in the near time you can have periods of real high demand during your ideal weather conditions and periods of low demand during worse weather conditions. Since then and I think your comment would probably pretty close to 1% or 2% range, something like that. We would have looked at all those stores at that time including those that just opened that were still running negative that might have been pretty close.  We now have a larger conversion base and as I said what they generated for the 51 stores, if you compare 90 days and these would be the stores that have been compared at the end of the year, they generate 4.3% and then the 27 stores had been opened four weeks at the end of the year can generate 5.8%. Thats currently the run rate that we are on.  Specially upper Midwest, I think as we get into spring, those stores will continue to ramp and then I brought up some points that we have to consider relative to the price deflation that weve done ourselves and knew that that would help some of that and in some new other things that Im just have an affect on a short period of time you have a comparable stores sales.
Thomas McFall:  When we look at the stores, on a month that they converted and we look at them in buckets like that. Yes, weve talked about the set out negative as we have training issues and sequentially, each months class of store conversions has done better month-after-month, so we keep adding stores to the converted buckets, but we havent seen what the ultimate comp years for the converted stores, because they continue to do better month-after-month, but we are not to the run rate yet.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: Just as a follow-up, are the trends in the stores you have yet to convert as bad on a year-over-year basis as what youve converted today? I mean, where they running as negative, so the Midwest, a worse group or as the California Stores a worse group from a year-over-year comparison in terms of conversion, is that--? 
Gregory Henslee: Well, the types of conversion that we are completing right now, we are almost done with full store conversion. So from this point forward, excluding the stores that are supplied out of the Detroit theyll just be, well change the upfront, the display merchandize and the layout that there will be one product line at a time, basically but yes, some of the upper Midwest stores warrant their best performing stores, no doubt about it. The California store certainly perform better, some of their Southwest stores are currently not performing as well as we would like because of some of the order disruption and the grace things that are going on with the people on the mix on the revaluation of the pay and things like that.  Generally I would say that the stores in the upper Midwest warrant their best performers and we converted this Chicago stores and we have yet to have enough time to really get a measurement of how those will do, but those were OReilly stores and we feel good about the amount of business that we will be able to capture over time in Chicago as we implement our commercial programs. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer  Gabelli & Company: I hope that we could go down a little bit more on these 8.2% comps for your OReilly branded stores. I apologize if I missed it, but could you quantify how much that Easter timing impact had in your comps and secondly, if I may, Im curious if you have any idea how much of that comp was actual with deferral maintenance that took place during the third and fourth quarters?
Gregory Henslee: Yes, the Easter being in the second quarter this year, it was definitely a contributor to the comp and its attraction of course and mitigating factor is that we were comparing 91 days last year to 90 days this year. We dont really have quantification for what the effect of that would be.  Im mean just the number was so outstanding, I was trying to figure out what took place in the way of consumer spend or consumer behavior that went in your number.
Ted Wise: I think what it is, it just started late last year, and we have consistently saw stronger comparable store sales. I think consumers have really having been through a period of couple of years of high gas prices differing every thing that they can, having been in this mode that many of them would trade cars every three to five years let say, realized that, one, lot of the domestic manufactures are not offering lease vehicles anymore so they maybe havent buy or keep a vehicle and then two that they maybe keeping whatever they are driving for a longer period of time, and they want to maintain a better to keep it on the road.  I think that what a lot of consumers are realizing is that these cars have higher mileages are really high quality cars when they rebuilt, from a drive train and a body in an interior perspective and that they can be driven a higher mileages. So, what weve seen is very steady and relatively robust business since the end of last year, we not really had any dips in demand for any extended period of time, since the end of the last year.  Its impossible for us to measure how much of this is catch up on differed is opposed to just business as usual, but I would say that the comments that we get from our commercial customers are that they appears to not to be as many customers that are differing major repairs that need to be done to fix the car rate and make road worthy. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jack Murphy - William Blair.
Jack Murphy - William Blair:  I just want a follow-up on an earlier question and ask a slightly different way. On those 15 or I guess 24 stores that were converted first. Could you talk about how those are now performing and weekly comp terms?
Gregory Henslee:  Well I dont have that.
Ted Wise: The comps are, as Ive mentioned on our earlier question that comp continue to improve, so they are above where the averages is having started the year and have gain traction throughout the quarter, we dont comment typically on weakly comps because they can be up and down, but this stores continue to perform better or so, you can think about the numbers we gave as the average for the quarters, so weve progress from there.
Jack Murphy - William Blair:  So, let me just to be clear in terms of the sort of 15% to 17% range that you talked about last time, its exceeding that in the most resent weeks?
Gregory Henslee:  We look at it obviously in different layers of stores, we didnt come prepared to disclose the weekly comps of different segments of stores as they have been converted and the only reason we did that last quarter is because we had such a short period of time. Between the times the stores have been converted and the time we reported we decided that was probably the most inductive way to indicate the trend at those stores were on, and we just dont have those numbers with us right now and arent prepared to disclose those.
Jack Murphy - William Blair:  Just another may be less specifically of asking it, what is your expectation is for sort of first year comps after conversion, how youre thinking about that?
Gregory Henslee:  Well, thats yet to be seen to large degree, our experience so far has been once we get past, pull the stores out of that negative comp range and get them comp positives, that theyll t comp well. I would say that we would expect mid-single digits comps for sure and beyond that, but then again we are trying to be relatively conservative on what we set for expectations in these stores, because a lot of it is yet to be seen.  We know that these stores have straight greatly from being core auto part supply stores and we are putting them back in that business, many of the categories that we have put them into, hard parts category that is really the basis of our business. Those categories in the conversion stores are comping double-digits today.  Weve sacrificed some of the business that they were previously doing and more ancillary items by intent, and we think the stores will do very well as we do these conversions, bit I think a reasonable maybe somewhat conservative approach to conversion stores would be that we would expect them to comp be in the healthy mid-single digits in the first year, or hopefully beyond that, but again I dont want to get too far ahead of ourselves and what the expectations are without having some more experience under our belt. 
Thomas McFall:  Because of stores were at North, we are just not getting all the signs changed that on the exterior and the interior remodels are being finalized in the advertising starting to kick in on the OReilly Claire program and radio print. So were certainly optimistic that spring at in the northern states. So, we are optimistic that they are going do well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  I guess there is a couple of quick follow-up questions, as you think about the competitive environment, is your sense that jobbers that you compete against or someone is in direct constraint at this point in time might that be contributing to your comps or would you just say that the market in general is doing quite well right now. 
Gregory Henslee:  I think that if there is any pressure in the industry for a retailer perspective, the independent jobbers are the ones that are feeling close to that pressure. I think is some of the retailers come into the commercial side of the business that there is some looking prudent out there that the independent jobbers may have had in some of that business.  I think that there is some price pressure put on those guys because of the three step distribution model that they have, they obviously cant discount as much as some of other companies and that they feel more pressure than others, so I think I would agree with your comment and that the any kind of job or is that probably feeling more pressure than anyone else right now.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  Then just a second question, I think you said on this already, but just try to get some clarity form my perspective I guess you discussed that the terms of the progress that you are making in CSK which seems to be terrific in general, sort of in two different frameworks, one was and we get access at the time of subsequent to conversion sometime in the first quarter call and then somewhat differently in this call.  Is it safe to say essentially that you continued to make progress in other words that the stores that you converted in the first quarter are tracking better than the stores you converted over the course of the first quarter, or sort of forget about the double digit numbers that we saw, that we heard in the last call, think about the numbers that you gave us today as building blocks?
Gregory Henslee: Both theses on a quarterly basis, but yes, your comment relative to the earliest conversion stores ramping better in higher comps in the stores that are most recently compared to that absolutely right and thats exactly what we are seeing in all the stores that we convert.
Operator: Your final question comes from Alan Rifkin - Banc of America
Alan Rifkin - Banc of America:  For the non-converted CSK stores, where you simply change the product lines and Greg I think you said 20% of the product lines have been changed, how are comps for those products lines trending?
Gregory Henslee:  Well the hard parts category that weve converted they have trended that very well, and again its all over the Broad, as you know we have taken those stores as we did the converted stores we are incrementally taking them out of some of the products that CSK had focused on over the last few years of their existence and primarily being non-core automotive, import type item such as motor bikes and various pneumatic nailers and stuff like that, it really arent auto parts type of items.  So really what we are doing is, we are trading those sales to get hard part sale and we feel like a more sustainable and that we can build on, so yes some of the hard parts categories that weve changed over headcount very well for the quarter and weve expect that business to continue to build which is our strategy and plan.
Alan Rifkin - Banc of America:  What is the methodology behind, which specific product lines are changed over given that its one at a time? Whats the basis for deciding what the next product line to be changed or will be?
Gregory Henslee:  We it is couple of things, and one is just the preparedness of the supplier to be ready to change those products over your, of course have to have the product to perform the change over. Ideally and really our focus is to try and get the stores in the best consumer position they can be and to compete with, reach our competitors and the wholesale competitors. So getting our private label price type brands, so we have a good, better, best offering and can compete with our retail competitors out there on entry level price was important.  That took a little longer that we would have liked actually, but when we got that that completed for most part now. The reason it took some time is that those suppliers just want to position that they could immediately fill the orders for that many stores, but we now have that completed and now were laying the groundwork with some of our branded offerings to put us in a better position to compete on the commercial side having recently changed our chassis and steering category of our product line and our break of product line. 
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Greg. Greg, please go ahead. 
Gregory Henslee:  Well, thanks everyone for your time this mornings and we are excited about the business, excited about the way the conversions are going about the acquisition in general and we look forward to reporting our second quarter performance later on the summer. Thanks everyone. 
Operator:  Thank you everyone. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Henslee  Chief Executive Officer, Co-President Ted Wise  Chief Operating Officer, Co-President Thomas McFall  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Finance
Analysts: Alan Rifkin  BAS-ML Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets Scott Stember  Sidoti & Company Dan Wewer Raymond James Michael Baker  Deutsche Bank Securities Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan Jack Balos  Midwood Research Gregory Melich  Morgan Stanley Brian Nagel  UBS [Collin McBranahan  Bernstein]
Operator: Welcome to the fourth quarter earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Tom McFall, you may begin your conference. 
Thomas McFall: Welcome to the OReilly fourth quarter 2008 conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee our CEO, Id like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words.  In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such as statements discussing among other things expected growth, store development and expansion strategies, business strategies, future revenues and future performance.  These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, weather, Paris activities, war and the threat of war.  Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factors section of the companys Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 for more details.  At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee. 
Gregory Henslee: Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is, of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer, and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer, and David OReilly, our Executive Chairman is also present.  Id like to start off by once again thanking our management team and all OReilly team members for their continued focus on providing the highest levels of customer service in each of our stores that lead to our strong fourth quarter results.  The core OReilly stores performed exceptionally well throughout the quarter finishing with comparable store sales of 6.2%, which is just outstanding, especially considering the strong performance we saw in some of our more mature regions.  Id also like to thank our newest team members who joined team OReilly as part of our CSK acquisition. Several of you have seen your store completely transformed into an OReilly store with all new merchandise and inventory coverage, five night a week inventory replenishment, multiple drops a day from your servicing distribution center, and more competitive pricing, as well as a whole new set of tools with which to peruse the commercial business.  I want to thank all of our new team members for the commitment youre making to the success of our company. Were very much looking forward to the acceleration of this transition and are very proud that you are members of team OReilly and of our performance to this point.  At a more macro level, it's clear to me that the lower fuel costs, as well as the decrease in new car sales as a result of many consumers making the decision to keep and drive a car that may have been a trading candidate in better economic times, has resulted in many of our customers deciding to perform some much needed maintenance on their cars to ensure they maximize the life of the vehicle and keep it in good driving condition. Many of our commercial customers have commented on the change theyve seen over the past several months as our customers have transitioned from doing just what it takes to keep the car on the road to a mentality of maintaining their cars correctly in order to extend its life. Obviously the headwind is simply the rising rate of unemployment, along with other recessionary factors that affect the amount of money our customers are able to spend to maintain their cars. However, we strongly believe that automobile maintenance ranks very high on most families priority list and that the vast majority of our sales are not discretionary.  And for that reason, along with the average age of vehicles continuing to increase, feel our business will do much better than most retailers in this recessionary environment. Generally I think that the core OReilly comparable store sales results speak for themselves. In my primary comment, with regard to our core locations, is the business remains steady coming out of the third quarter and throughout the fourth quarter and that solid trend has continued to this point in the first quarter. At our CSK locations, I want to try and provide as much detail as is reasonable about the progress were making with the transition and the level of performance were seeing in the conversion stores. As weve talked about before, in the initial phase of the conversion process our plan is to completely lift the inventory, reset the store layouts, install our systems, signage and dcor, and replace the inventory with an inventory that ideally fits each stores individual market, as is the case at all OReilly stores.  At the point of conversion, the inventory of these stores would start being replenished by an OReilly distribution center and would be replenished five nights a week and receive the same high level of service as all the existing OReilly stores.  Well do this on about 185 stores here in the central U.S. at a rate of about eight per week. At year end, we had completed 52 of these full conversions, and as of the end of last week had completed 96 of them. All 185 store conversions will be completed by May of this year.  Typically the comparable stores sales trend each of these stores was on at the point of conversion incrementally improves following the conversion, and most start showing positive comparable store sales growth by theyre third or fourth week as our team members adjusted the new point of sale system, product lineup and inventory availability.  We converted our first set of stores approximately 16 weeks ago. We converted four stores that week and in their 16th week after the conversion those stores comped at a rate of 14.9%. Our stores that have been converted at least 15 weeks, which represents 11 stores, comped at 17.3% in their 15th week.  The stores that have been converted at least 14 weeks represent 19 stores and they comped at 16.4% in their 14th week. And the stores that have been converted at least 13 weeks, which represents 27 of the converted stores, comped at 12.2% in their 13th week. I hope this clearly represents the meaningful traction the converted stores gain as they accelerate market penetration following these conversions.  Obviously these sales improvements take a little time to build, but our experience has been that the converted stores emerge from the negative comparable store sales trend theyve been on three to four weeks following the conversion and gain momentum in the weeks that follow as the team members adjust and the customers become aware of our more robust hard part offering. Were very excited about the potential of these stores as they become more established as professional part store locations.  The remaining CSK stores are being changed over one product line at a time throughout the remainder of this year, and will be converted to our systems as were able to establish our distribution model in the western half of the U.S. Ted will be reviewing the progress on expanding our distribution capacity here in just a moment. For clarification, the 0.8% positive comparable sales results we experienced in the fourth quarter at CSK does not include the stores that have been converted post conversion. They are part of the CSK comp base up until conversion and OReilly post conversion. So, were even more encouraged that the CSK stores that have not been converted have performed much better as a result of a higher focus on customer service levels, commercial relationships, better retail pricing, as well as some deployment of inventory.  Most of the pricing changes that were incrementally made in the fourth quarter and have continued into our first quarter were a reduction to our retail pricing, which were needed to get our prices competitive on a bi-market basis. CSK was simply not competitively priced and were now well down the road with these pricing corrections. These changes vary by region but cumulatively have resulted in a 2% to 4% reduction in our overall retail selling price at CSK, which was anticipated and fully evaluated as part of the acquisition. During the fourth quarter and continuing into the first quarter weve incrementally added some much need inventory coverage to all CSK stores, but more specifically to approximately 120 CSK that we felt would benefit most from an immediate and broader improvement to inventory coverage. Several of these stores act as hub stores, which make the expanded inventories available to their surrounding stores. These improvements, in conjunction with the pricing changes weve made, have contributed to material improvements in the performance of these stores. For the period of November 17th, when these deployments really got underway, through last week these 120 CSK stores have generated 6.1% positive comparable store sales. This sales number includes only the retail sale at those individual locations and does not reflect in the inner company transfers to surrounding stores. Overall, were extremely encouraged by the early success weve had with the CSK conversions, and while the majority of the work to fully convert CSK to our business model is still in front of us, were very, very pleased with the early results of our efforts and are more encouraged than ever with the potential of our newest stores.  As we begin 2009, were obviously somewhat cautious due to overall economic conditions, but extremely encouraged by our performance in the fourth quarter and the success of our CSK conversion efforts to this point. Were also very encouraged by the continued strength of our comparable store sales to this point in 2009.  Like I mentioned earlier, the trend that we were on in the fourth quarter has continued into the first quarter and even considering the fact that we lose a day in the first quarter this year due to last year being a leap year, were very comfortable with the 2% to 4% comparable store sales guidance for the first quarter comprised of 1% to 3% positive comparable store sales at CSK and 2% to 4% in the core OReilly stores. Again, I want to thank all members of team OReilly for the great job in 2008 and for all the effort all of our management and field teams are putting into the CSK conversion projects.  Ill now turn the call over to Ted Wiese, our Chief Operating Officer for some additional comments.
Ted Wise: I would like to begin by summarizing our store expansion in the core OReilly stores for the fourth quarter in for 2008. We installed 27 new stores in the last quarter bringing us to 150 new stores for the year resulting in a total of 3,285 stores. We adjusted our growth back from a projection of 200 stores at the beginning of the year to 150 stores at the announcement of the CSK merger, which allowed our store installation department to begin the Checker store conversions in the fall.  In addition to the 27 new stores last quarter, we also moved 11 stores to new locations and renovated two stores. For the entire year, we moved 33 stores to new locations and renovated 66 stores. We also installed the store interior upgrade program in 177 stores, which completed the store image upgrade program we began back in '07. I also might mention that in addition to the CSK merger, we purchased six independent stores or 4% of our new store total growth. In regard to the expansion by market area, the fourth quarter growth included 17 different states, with North Carolina, Ohio, Wisconsin and Louisiana leading with three stores each. For the year, our expansion reached into 25 different states with Texas once again leading with 23 new stores. Other key growth states were Georgia with 16, Ohio with 14, Indiana with 12, Wisconsin with 10 and North Carolina and Minnesota both with nine new stores. As announced, we have another 150 new stores planned for 2009, and at this point, it looks like 60 of them will be installed by the end of this first quarter. In addition, we have four store relocations scheduled during the quarter.  In the distribution area, we opened up our 15th distribution center in Lubbock, Texas in November. It was a very successful opening allowing us to be more efficiently service a group of existing O'Reilly stores that was previously serviced out of the Houston and Dallas DC, and also service the CSK conversion stores in El Paso, Texas and Albuquerque, New Mexico. The work to convert the CSK Detroit distribution center is going well and we are on schedule to change over and go live with our systems in late April. We are also on schedule to open our new distribution center in Greensboro, North Carolina in May, which will support much of this year's new store expansion into the Carolinas and Virginia. Also existing stores will be transferred to Greensboro from Knoxville and Atlanta, which will be much more cost efficient and give it the room for additional expansion out of those two DCs. We are now delivering nightly to all converted Checker stores in the Northern states out of our Minneapolis and our Billings DC and are in the process of vacating the DC that CSK operated in Minneapolis. In the west, our distribution expansion plans are on schedule and going very well. We have been fortunate to find distribution centers in Southern California, Seattle and Denver. All are new buildings and the ideal size for the number of existing stores and projected growth in those market areas.  These are the first of four anticipated distribution centers, which along with the Northern California and the Phoenix CSK facilities, will be required to implement our dual market strategy in the CSK markets. Our distribution goal is to have the new DCs open and the existing CSK operations converted at the end of 2010.  Now we'll take a few minutes to update you on the CSK O'Reilly store conversions that began last September. At the end of the year we had merged 28 CSK stores and O'Reilly locations, moved seven O'Reilly stores into CSK locations and converted or changed over 51 CSK stores to OReilly inventory and system. By the end of this week, we will have merged another four stores into O'Reilly locations and complete another 53 CSK to O'Reilly conversions.  We will have approximately 145 stores finished, including all the Checker stores in the Northern states, and we are moving forward with an eight store per week conversion schedule in the New Mexico Checker stores and the Chicago Murray stores. The Murray stores will receive nightly service out of our Indianapolis distribution center. At the end of April, we will have completed 226 store conversions, which is when we convert the systems at the Detroit distribution center and the remaining 79 Murray stores. The inventory and planogram conversions at the Detroit Metro and Ohio Murray stores will immediately follow the computer conversion and be scheduled to be completed by late August. In less than one year we will have physically converted the inventory and the systems of 305 CSK stores in the 10 states that we are serviced out of O'Reilly distribution centers and completed the CSK Detroit DC conversion to O'Reilly systems. This is an amazing accomplishment by our store installation, distribution and corporate team members, as well as all the O'Reilly team members in the stores and field who have volunteered to help out with the changeover and the training support needed. The next phase of store system changeovers will not include inventory lifts since lineup dates and changeovers are underway and a majority of the work will be completed. The stores will be converted to our converted to our computer systems, nightly delivery, and have access to more parts at the time we open each of the new western distribution centers. That schedule is expected to start with 193 Schuck stores following the opening of the Seattle distribution center in November. We plan on opening the new distribution center in Southern California in January of 2010, which will allow us to start the conversion of another 232 Kragen stores. Denver will be scheduled in February, which will allow us to convert the 90 area stores, and the last location is projected to be in Salt Lake City with an opening date in May allowing us to convert another 85 stores. After these DC openings and store count has been reduced at the Phoenix and Northern California facility, we can then proceed with converting these two distribution centers to the O'Reilly system. And then we can start the conversion of the 273 Northern California and 158 Arizona area stores to nightly replenishment schedule and the O'Reilly systems. While our store conversions have definitely been the main focus for the past eight months, at the same time we have also been very busy implementing a number of other programs in all the stores to immediately improve the business and CSK's areas.  The additional inventory replaced in the 120 key installer stores and increasing the number of hub stores that provide better inventory availability to a larger group of stores and the surrounding area are definitely having positive sales effect.  Along with improving the wholesale business this better inventory level and more market competitive DIY pricing will continue to bring in new customers, as well as bring back old DIY customers. For us to provide better store operation and sales support, we have restructured the district manager and regional manager store groups to allow management more time in the stores. Sales management has been reorganized and territories are now designed to increase productivity and decrease the number of installer costs. We have completed individual store business assessments and implemented the O'Reilly goal setting process in all CSK stores to focus on profitable sales growth and increase productivity. There has been and will continue to be a tremendous amount of O'Reilly training, which is necessary to convert the CSK team over to the O'Reilly dual market plan. During this transition, we have been very pleased with the positive attitudes, good support and overall acceptance of the O'Reilly programs by the CSK stores, distribution centers and management team. The CSK team and the O'Reilly team are truly becoming one team with the goal of providing higher customer service level. This winning positive attitude combined with additional sales tools have been the primary reason for the success to date in our business. Our real estate team and store operation team continues to aggressively evaluate all CSK markets for both relocations of existing stores and future new store expansion. CSK stores were all east, which gives us the opportunity to upgrade some of the stores. Also in these older locations many leases have reached mature and higher rates, which are often not competitive in today's real estate market. We will continue to pursue opportunities to renegotiate leases and look for possible relocations that reduce our lease expense and improve our overall store profitability and locations. Now from a marketing and advertising standpoint, we have converted all CSK programs over to a co-branding format with O'Reilly in print and radio, along with any other marketing events around the stores. CSK relied heavily on print so we will continue a strong print program and align the message with O'Reilly aimed at building the image of everyday low prices, quality parts and great service level.  In addition, well expand radio in the CSK markets the same level as we have in the OReilly markets. And again, all print and all radio will be co-branded OReilly. This month, all CSK team members will receive green OReilly uniform shirts, and all stores are carrying OReilly private label anti-freeze, oil and other chemicals. Our co-branding strategy will continue throughout the store conversions and provide us a smooth and seamless transition to the OReilly brand. The decision on the timing of changing exterior signs will follow the inventory changeover and store conversions allowing for plenty of time for sufficient team member training and adjustment time to our store systems. We continue to feel that Checkers, Schucks, Kragen, and Murrays are strong brands, and we will look for every possible opportunity to insure the transition to OReilly is successful. Also I would like to announce that weve entered into a new OReilly marketing relationship that names OReilly the official auto parts store for NASCAR. We have considered motor sports the pillar of OReilly marketing and are defined by our involvement of title sponsors of six NASCAR events and secondary presence in an additional nine NASCAR events. In addition, we are title sponsors of eight NHRA events and a huge number of local and regional racetracks, as well as over 90 large regional car show events. Our new associations with NASCAR as the official auto parts store further strengthens our relationship and tie to the motor sports fan that we consider to be the serious DIY customer and installer customer, both of which are the backbone of our customer base. In addition to motor sports, we continue to be very involved in college basketball and other various sporting events. At the point that the OReilly brand becomes national and the combined companies are advertised under a national footprint, our existing programs will become much more cost effective and well have additional opportunities to expand our advertising and marketing in national ways. I would like to finish by saying that we appreciate the great job the core group of OReilly stores are doing, and especially the strong sales results last quarter and for the year. With all the focus the company has put into the CSK merger, our core store team members has had to step up and take another level of ownership in running their stores, districts, regions and distribution centers.  Through everyones hard work and commitment, we finished the year strong, realizing that our team always wants and thinks that we can do better. Last week we attended our yearly management conference in Dallas with over 2,800 store team members. Our team left Dallas with a win/win attitude. I feel confident that through hard work, commitment and giving great customer service, we will continue to grow market share in these difficult times of our economy.  Now I will turn it over to Tom.
Thomas McFall:  Id like to take a second to thank our finance teams in both Springfield and Phoenix. Your dedication through weekends and late nights to complete our first year end consolidated close is a great example of the OReilly culture.  Now Ill move on to the numbers. For clarification, stores converted from the CSK brands to the OReilly brand are included as CSK store sales prior to the conversion and in OReilly sales after the conversion.  For the calculation of comparable store sales, we used the same methodology with stores included in the CSK comp base before conversion and included in the OReilly comps on the second day the stores reopened to insure the first day included in comps is a full day of business.  With that said, sales increased 84% to $1.1 billion for the quarter. The increase was driven by a 13% increase in OReilly stores and sales of $433 million at the acquired, yet to be converted CSK stores. For the quarter, comparable store sales for the stores opened greater than 12 months increased 6.2% at OReilly stores and increased 0.8% at the CSK stores. On a consolidated basis, comparable store sales for the quarter increased 4.0%.  Two thousand and eight full year sales increased 42% to $3.6 billion. This increase was driven by a 9% increase in OReilly stores and sales of $832 million at the acquired yet to be converted CSK stores. Two thousand and eight comparable store sales for stores open greater than 12 months increased 2.6% for OReilly stores and decreased 1.7% at the CSK stores since the acquisition on July 11. On a consolidated basis, comparable store sales for the year increased 1.5%.  Gross profit was 46.2% of sales for the quarter versus 44.7% in the prior year. The improvement was driven primarily by the influx of higher margin CSK sales, which were driven by a higher mix of DIY sales in market specific conditions, offset in part by adjusting CSKs prices to more competitive levels. In addition, on our last quarterly conference call we estimated full year 2008 product merchandise acquisition cost savings attributable to the acquisition to be $5 to $10 million, and we realized results on the higher end of that range.  SG&A for the quarter was 39.0% of sales versus 34.2% in the prior year. The 480 basis point de-leverage is driven by the following factors. The CSK stores have a higher expense structure than the core OReilly stores, due in a large part to the geographic location of the stores and because all the CSK stores are leased.  SG&A includes a non-cash charge of $2.8 million for trade names and marks as a result of purchase price allocation. This charge will be reduced to zero over time as we convert the stores to the OReilly brand. SG&A also includes a one time non-cash charge of $9.6 million to align the CSK vacation policy with the OReilly vacation policy. The former CSK vacation policy was an earn-as-you-go policy. The OReilly policy vests team members with a full year of vacation on their employment anniversary date.  As a result of this annual grant process, we accrued team members following year vacation in the current year. We spent a significant amount of time comparing and contrasting the two policies and determined the OReilly policy is better at awarding long-term team members and in the long run is more fiscally advantageous for the company.  Excluding the charges for trade names and marks, and the one-time charge to the changes to the CSK vacation policy, SG&A for the quarter was 37.9% of sales versus 34.2% in the prior year. On our last quarterly conference call, we estimated the full year 2008 SG&A synergies would be approximately $7.5 million, and we were able to achieve that savings. Net interest expense for the quarter was $13 million with $2.3 million of that number representing amortization of debt issuance cost. To the extent our debt is not swapped to fix rates, lower LIBOR rates during the quarter had a positive impact on our interest expense. The tax provision was 37.8% of pre-tax income for the quarter versus 37.1% in the prior year.  The increase was due to the CSK stores predominantly operating in higher tax rate states, offset in part by resolution of certain tax uncertainties. Excluding one-time costs, which well discuss more in a moment, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.37 per share, which represents a 6% increase from the prior year. For the year, adjusted EPS was $1.64 per share, which represents a decrease of 2% from the prior year. The one-time, acquisition-related items net of tax, their accretive significant NOIs in the 2008 results were, the $4.4 million debt prepayment cost was the cost of the call premium on our $75 million private placement note. The calculation of the call premium was driven primarily by T bill rates, and is thus negatively impacted by the low T bill rates at the time of the acquisition.  The $2.6 million interim facility commitment fee was the cost of the banking commitment to finance the potential success facility beyond our asset backed loan facility. When the transaction was switched to a tender offer, this interim facility was no longer needed, but having that the net financing commitment was an important part in negotiating the acquisition.  The $3.1 million one-time adjustment to tax liabilities was a direct result of the acquisition. On a go forward basis, we expect our consolidated tax rate to be 38.2% to 38.5% of pre-tax income, with the increase over our historical rate driven by higher tax rates dates, which are primary the locations of CSKs operations. The $3.3 million amortization of trade names and trademarks is a result of a portion of the purchase price being allocated to trade names and marks in accordance with the statement of financial accounting standards 141. The life of this intangible asset has a short life as we planned to convert all stores to the OReilly brand.  As a result, this asset, originally valued at $13 million will be written off in non-cash amortization charge over the next two years. Because the amount of stores operating under the CSK brand names will sequentially decrease quarter-after-quarter as we convert stores, the amortization charge is frontloaded with the first quarter of 2009 being a pre-tax charge of $2.2 million and the last planned quarter, the third quarter of 2010, being a charge of $0.1 million.  The $5.9 million one-time charge to align the CSK vacation policy with OReilly was discussed earlier. And, again, these figures that Ive just given are all net of tax.  Moving on to the balance sheet, the core OReilly average per store inventory at the end of the year was $489,000. This was a slight increase from the $482,000 as of last December. For the CSK stores, the average per store inventory increased from $417,000 at the date of acquisition to $461,000 at the end of December, which represents a 13% increase.  This increase is a result of our ongoing process of adding much needed hard parts inventory and eliminating non-core automotive merchandise from the CSK stores. Accounts payable of $737 million was 46.9% of inventory as compared to 43.2% in the prior year.  We continue to work to improve the vendor terms, but the dramatic year-over-year increase is primarily driven by the initial stocking orders to add hard part lines to the CSK stores. At the end of the year, borrowings under our asset backed revolver were $614 million and the calculated availability was $454 million, so our liquidity position remains very strong.  Now for some other financial information, EBITDA for the quarter was $131 million 11.7% of sales versus the prior year of $88 million, which was 14.5% sales. Year-to-date EBITDA was $466 million 13.0% of sales versus the prior year of $390 million, which was 15.5% of sales.  Operating cash flow for the quarter was $9 million compared to $18 million in the prior year, and for the full year operating cash flow as flat with last year at $299 million. For the year, our cash flow from operations was negatively impacted by a net inventory investment of $92 million, which was driven primarily by our efforts to increase the per store inventory at the acquired CSK stores.  Free cash flow for the quarter was negative $72 million compared to negative $46 million in the prior year. For the full year, operating cash flow was negative $43 million compared to $17 million positive free cash flow in the prior year.  The use of cash was driven by the inventory investment to begin this CSK inventory update and CapEx, which included $49 million of CapEx incurred to unwind our synthetic lease, which was part of our acquisition process.  Capital expenditures for the quarter were $81 million compared to $63 million in the prior year. For the full year, CapEx, excluding our synthetic lease buyback, were relatively flat with last year at $292 million compared to $283 million in 2008.  Stock option expense for the quarter was $2.5 million compared to $0.7 in the prior year. For the full year stock option expense was $8 million compared to $5 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by options issued in connection with the CSK acquisition.  To finish up our prepared remarks, lets review the 2009 guidance. For 2009, our comparable store sales guidance for OReilly, CSK and consolidated is 2% to 4%. The OReilly comps included the converted stores as soon as the stores reopen after conversion.  Based on the negative comps experienced in the first month after reopening due primarily to training issues, as discussed by Greg earlier, and the converted stores only representing 4% of the weighted average OReilly store base for 2009, the impact of the converted stores in overall OReilly comps is not significant.  The CSK comps will be positively impacted by the additional hard parts added throughout the year. The CSK comps have already been, and will continue to be, very positively impacted by the hub stores weve added and will continue to add through the end of the first quarter of 2009.  Total revenue guidance for 2009 is $4.7 to $4.8 billion. Gross margin for 2009 is estimated to be 47.0% of sales, which is 150 basis points increase over the prior year. This increase is driven by the full year impact of the higher CSK gross margins generated through a higher retail mix in geographical difference and the impact of product merchandise acquisition cost savings.  We expect the additional incremental product merchandise cost savings to be $50 million in 2009. These savings will build on a quarter-by-quarter basis as we align the chain wide product offer. We expect 2009 SG&A synergies to be $7.5 to $12.5 million on top of the $7.5 million we realized in 2008.  Interest expense for 2009 is expected to be $53 to $56 million with 8.6 being the non-cash amortization of debt issuance costs. Capital expenditures for 2009 are estimated at $420 to $470 million. The ultimate CapEx spend will be highly dependent on our own versus lease mix for both new stores and new distribution centers, as well as the rate at which we convert stores.  This level of CapEx is higher than we originally planned for 2009 due to our rapid success in finding suitable locations for our distribution center growth. However, the overall CapEx for the conversion continues to be within the range of our expectations.  Depreciation for 2009 is estimated at $130 to $145 million within the range the expense will be driven by the level of 2009 CapEx spend. We expect that we will incur an additional $80 to $120 million in debt under our ABL during 2009. Based on our additional borrowing base created during 2009, we project we will have availability under the ABL of $350 million or more on a monthly basis.  Our GAAP EPS guidance for 2009 is $1.80 to $1.84 on a 136.6 million expected shares. Excluding the non-cash charge for names and marks, which is the only acquisition related charge we expect to take in 2009, we expect adjusted EPS to be [inaudible] to $1.87 for the year. For our quarterly guidance, our comparable stores sales guidance for CSK is 1% to 3% and comp guidance for both OReilly and consolidated 2% to 4%.  This comp guidance is given based on the progression of the quarter thus far and with consideration for the negative impact of comparing against the leap year in 2008 offset in part by the positive affect of the Easter holiday falling in the second quarter in 2009 versus the first quarter in 2008. Our EPS guidance for the first quarter of 2009 is $0.35 to $0.39 on 136.0 million shares. Excluding the non-cash charge for names and marks, we expect EPS to be $0.36 to $0.40.  At this time, Id like to ask the operator to come back and well be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Alan Rifkin  BAS-ML. 
Alan Rifkin  BAS-ML: I appreciate all of the clarity on CSK. I just have a couple of questions. Is there any reason to believe that the remainder of the stores to be converted in 2009 wont possibly take the similar path of the stores that youve converted in the last 16 weeks with respect to the comp breakdown that you gave us by weeks? 
Gregory Henslee: The only unknown, Alan, of course is just the economy in general. Were going to be doing all we can on this end to make sure that the stores perform as the stores that weve converted have performed. And, as you said, we have every expectation that we would continue to see the performance that we have had with the converted stores.  Again, with the economy like it is, its hard to be real aggressive in comparable store sales guidance with the overhang of unemployment and just the economy in general. 
Alan Rifkin  BAS-ML: But putting the macro aside, of course, Greg, which none of us really know whats going to happen, with respect to the stores that have been converted so far, there really isnt anything unusual about that group of stores in terms of their performance being particularly poor before the conversions. Is that correct? 
Gregory Henslee: Thats correct. One thing to consider is many of these stores that we have converted to this point are in markets where there are OReilly stores already and they are being serviced by the OReilly distribution center and the OReilly brand is established and recognized.  And some of the stores that will convert starting here in the next couple of weeks are stores in the Chicago area where the OReilly brand isnt recognized, so well a little bit of a new challenge there. I guess our success with those conversions is yet to be seen, but we have every reason to believe that well have similar success in those stores.  But, again, there is a little bit of a branding issue there that we have not had the opportunity to establish the OReilly brand in Chicago and Detroit as we have in some of the other markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets
Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: Question is when you look at resources that you allocate to the conversion of CSK, but yet simultaneously allocating resources to Greensboro and opening up 150 stores you run pretty lean, can you just talk about how you manage that process? And Im assuming with the bulk of the conversion for CSK the west coast starting the second half, will the store openings be more first half weighted as well?
Thomas McFall: No they should be spread pretty evenly throughout the year. The way we do this, Tony, is we have teams that go out and set up and do the conversions. For the conversions in particularly, we have used an outside company that provides us some help in resetting the fixtures and setting up our display planograms and so forth.  And then we have manufacturer help in setting the backroom inventory and just a lot of the handling that has to take place in lifting and placing the inventory and so forth. Then separately we have our new store teams that continue to operate as they have operated in our new stores expansions. Its certainly a challenge and our company, obviously, has more going on from an expansion standpoint than ever in our history.  Probably the most challenging part of this will be the setup of the distribution centers that have to be accomplished with the Greensboro opening. Were moving a distribution center in Kansas City to a larger location that will allow us to continue to grow up there and then the four distribution centers that were opening out west, but that will be the most challenging part. But we feel like weve got the teams lined up that can do that. We have help from an outside vendor that helps us with the material handling equipment in the distribution centers and the set up of the storage facility in general. Weve got a good plan in place to accomplish that.
Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. So simultaneously you run lean anyway, but it doesnt seem like its a problem in general?
Thomas McFall: Its real hard work. There are a lot of people that are just putting in touch weeks, back-to-back-to-back to get this done and we ran lean, as you know, for a long time. But we have figured out that we can do it and weve got teams in place that are accomplishing it one week after the other and we dont see a problem in completing this at the pace we are on right now.
Operator: Your next question is from Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets 
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets:  I apologize if you guys had mentioned this, but obviously when you convert one of the CSK stores to an OReilly format, youve seen big comp gains. Did you guys break out whether it was from DIY or from commercial or is it a combination of both?
Thomas McFall: Well, its a combination of both. Our commercial business comes on a little quicker right off the bat than our retail business does typically because we are able to go out and gain that business, whereas youve got to wait for the retail customers to come to you through your advertising and marketing efforts and so forth. Thats kind of the case across the board for us as we open a new location.
Scot Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: So after just sixteen weeks, its probably fair to assume the bulk of that is because of the incremental commercial business.
Thomas McFall: Yes. Thats part of it. Then on the retail side, of course, in many of the markets that we have converted stores its the dead of winter up there and thats obviously not a great retail time anyway. Thats a contributor, too, and maybe some of the commercial success over the DIY success.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Stember  Sidoti. 
Scott Stember  Sidoti & Company: Can you talk about throughout the month trends, particularly interested around the Christmas time, if you saw any delay in trends with your customers?
Thomas McFall: The quarter in general was pretty solid throughout the quarter. We came out of the third quarter on a decent pace. It did accelerate a little through the quarter. December was the best month of the quarter. We had pretty easy comparisons to December of last year because December 2007 was very soft, but December was the strongest month of the quarter.
Scott Stember  Sidoti & Company: As far as wholesale versus retail, were hearing anecdotal evidence of the commercial side is doing better when some of the other companies recovered. Can you confirm that for the quarter?
Thomas McFall: Well for core OReilly, they ran very close. The core OReilly stores in whole, as we said, ran at 6.2% comp and both retail and commercial performed very well and both were right at that level. At the CSK stores, the commercial comp substantially better than the retail comp.
Operator: Your next question comes is Dan Wewer Raymond James
Dan Wewer Raymond James: Greg, I was trying to make a guesstimate of the profit flow through from the mid-teen sales increase youre seeing in the converted stores. Could you talk about how the cost structure in those stores is changing and how you see that profit flow through looking like? And then theres a follow-up question before he cuts me off, could you talk about how that change in the pricing strategy in the converted stores is impacting their gross margin rate?
Gregory Henslee: Well, just from a profit standpoint in the CSK stores, the things that were doing are, as these leases come close to coming up were trying to negotiate more market appropriate leases for todays real estate environment. So we work on that ongoing as a means to bring the cost of the CSK stores down.  Weve also implemented our process of evaluating the staffing needed at the stores to run both the commercial and the retail sides of the business and, are very analytical when it comes to the payroll that we allocate based on the sales potential and thats underway. As far as the profit flow through, Tom, you might be able to speak better to than I relative to what actually is to P&L.
Thomas McFall: When we look at converting these stores, in general CSK had not staffed their stores to grow the business and we have to have people there that can go call on customers and wait on customers to grow the business, and in addition to that having better commercial presence.  So, initially theres investment for these stores to convert them to the dual market strategy, so we are not seeing a big change in their profitability. We need to continue to grow the business and grow the commercial business to get the leverage were looking for.
Gregory Henslee: And then, Dan, before we finish the second part of your question was relative to the pricing and the affect on those stores. The pricing adjustments that weve made have been generally about a 2% to 4% decrease in pricing across the board.  Thats mostly offset by the benefit that we have as buying as a larger company, but it has some affect because in many cases we have not changed the product lines and dont have full benefit of that yet. So right now it has some affect. To quantify it, I dont know if you have quantification of that, Tom.
Thomas McFall: Its difficult to quantify, we dont have a huge population. What were seeing and what we saw when we looked at CSK and the due diligence and what weve seen in previous acquisitions, is that we need to go and get them competitive and drive value. Thats a challenge from a comp standpoint, we have to turn more units to make the same sales dollars, but we need to re-establish the stores as A, having good availability and B, having good competitive pricing.
Ted Wise: I might add that were seeing a product mix change and that were going to sell more hard parts now that maybe their more competitive than what CSK was selling, but the fact was they werent selling them. So well see hard parts sells grow, that is typically at a higher gross margin than a lot of the retail or will the accessories.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Baker  Deutsche Bank Securities
Michael Baker  Deutsche Bank Securities: So one question and a follow-up at the same time, one, on the CapEx, can you break that down the 420 to 470 can you break that down by DC, new stores, total conversions, etc. And then related, because its all about the integration, your $100 million synergy number?  It sounds like youre at least on track for that through 08, but Im just wondering, the comp growth that youre seeing is that as expected or better than expected and, therefore, can there be upside to this synergy number?
Gregory Henslee: Ill answer the Synergy question first as Tom is getting the detail on the CapEx question. What I would say is that we had given guidance to negative comp store sales growth in the fourth quarter for CSK based on one, the unknown as we convert the stores and just the base that the stores were performing in from a comp guidance perspective. So I guess what I would say is that weve been very pleased with the performance so far.  If our experience with the stores yet to be converted and then the affect of the inventory changeovers that we do out west, if we continue to have results similar to what weve had so far, then, yes, we would do better tan what were guiding to. Were trying to be cautious because all of this is unknown at this point and theres the economic overhand that, of course, we all have to consider. 
Thomas McFall: On the CapEx, still a big range out there. I would tell you that right now were looking at about half of the CapEx spend being on distribution infrastructure and the remainder being on stores and a little bit of headquarters thrown in there.  Operator Your next question is from Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan. 
Christopher Horvers  JP Morgan: First a follow-up question to clarify 2% to 4% price declines in CSK stores. Does that mean that you would have comped that much higher X those price declines in the non-converted CSK stores? And then second, the 0.8% comp in those stores, can you talk about the amount of inventory that youve added on average to the non-converted CSK stores.  You talked about 15,000 skews in those stores OReilly stores about 21,000. Where have you taken levels in those stores and as we look forward, where do you think you can get them in the absence of new DCs on the west coast? 
Gregory Henslee: Well, on the price changes and the affect that that has on comps, obviously, that has some of that we have to sell more units. The difference is the product mix change. Were selling more hard parts today than we were and our inventory deployment and pricing strategy is primarily focused on hard parts, although, weve made the out front merchandise so the merchandise in front of the counter competitive also.  But typically we focus more on the hard parts. So, yes, had we been able to sell the inventory that we sold last quarter as the price that they were selling it at before, we would have comped much better reflective of the price and the price decrease. And then, Tom, do you want to answer the second part of the question. 
Thomas McFall: One thing I would add on the prices is were in the process of converting CSK from a high low retailer to an everyday low price. So when we talk about the 2% to 4% price changes, thats on the everyday price, and then were going to be a little more rational on what the advertising price is. 
Gregory Henslee: Thats right. And then our commercial pricing, of course, has stayed. Were very competitive on the commercial side so theres that 2% to 4% I referenced does not include the modifications that we might have made to the commercial pricing.  On inventory levels, the comments that I had made in my prepared remarks that the average OReilly stores at 482 and the average CSK stores were 161,000 gives you an idea how close were getting. CSK probably still has $10,000 to $15,000 of merchandise that were not going to carry on a go forward basis.  That gives you kind of the gross number, but we have a lot of work to do to get the lines all in place. What were seeing is that CSK carried more depth of coverage because they were only delivering once a week, whereas we carry more breadth and deliver five days a week. So we have quite a bit of work to do, which really starts here in February to align the inventory offerings across the chain. 
Thomas McFall: Just to add a little bit to that. The 120 stores that we mentioned that we have expanded inventory in, we have primarily brought those up to what an average OReilly store inventory would be, with the exclusion of some of them being hub stores, which would have been brought up to approximate hub store inventory, which would vary by location depending on the amount of space they had and so forth.  And also the size of the market that that hub store might be in because part of the effort with a hub store is not only to service the population around that particular store, but to make inventory available to other stores. So some of those stores could have gotten up to 30,000 to 35,000 skews or it could be up to that point by now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Balos  Midwood Research. 
Jack Balos  Midwood Research: Regarding the change youve made in CSK advertising, how does that end up in terms of a ratio to sales? And my other question regarding CSK is in California, considering the economic weakness there and 9.5% unemployment rate, what has been the impact in California from those conditions on CSKs retail sales? 
Thomas McFall: Well, probably the strongest part of CSK for us, not including the stores that are being converted here in the center of the country, the strongest region for us has been the northwest and the weakest region has been the southwest, which includes part of California.  I would say that we have a lot of opportunity in California. There were some underperforming stores there that just have not maintained the market share that maybe they had back a few years ago. They had not grown market share for years. They probably lost market share so we have a lot of opportunity.  So I think that we probably not been affected directly by the state of the economy in California because of the market share gains that we can make and the pricing changes that weve made with some inventory deployment and making inventory available to the stores around the hub has more than offset the economy there.  As far as the CSK advertising sales ratio and so forth, we really havent done a lot of advertising. Weve kind of slowed down some of the promotional things that they were doing. In the winter season its not a heavy advertising time of the year for our business, and CSK had previously done that. So we really havent had a lot of experience yet with the impact of our advertising efforts. That really is kind of right now kicking off as we start our 2009 advertising campaign year.  And our advertising campaign with CSK will mimic what weve done with OReilly and will include print, radio, price attractive items generally on a front page with oil change specials and motor oils and the most commonly used items in our business, and then more hard parts and various ancillary items in the rest of the flyer.  And then our radio advertisements are, of course, just advertisements to improve our brand awareness and then to drive footsteps into our stores with various specials that we might have. 
Ted Wise: I might add that going from what we have done and the response from the team members, while it may be too early to actually see it in dollars, the attitude and the buy-in of how were advertising compared to the old CSK high low, like Tom referred to, is very positive and they all feel they receive well by the customers going forward. 
Jack Balos  Midwood Research: Regarding the southern California stores that you say are lower average volumes, can you give us an idea of roughly speaking are they like 10% average volume lower per store, any idea? 
Thomas McFall: If I said that they were lower average volume, I didnt mean to say that, Jack. What I meant to say is that that is the most challenging area for us to grow comparable store sales in right now. Their average volume is actually pretty good if you look at it on a comparative basis to OReilly. Now theyve got a higher fixed cost out there, and I didnt answer part of your question earlier, I just realized, relative to the volume that we think we can get those stores to.  Kind of our plan on average is that these western stores would get to a volume of about $2 million or so on average as we do a better job on the retail side of the business because, frankly, CSK just hadnt done the job primarily for two reasons. One, availability of inventory and then two, their pricing strategy, so we feel we have much retail market share to gain.  And then our commercial program will clearly be much more successful there than what the commercial program CSK was using. I guess to explain the commercial position that CSK was in, when we bought the company what CSK reflected as commercial store sales was reflected as being about 18% of their sales. The way we would measure commercial sales is that would equate to about 10% of their sales.Some of what they look at as being commercial really were just good cash customers that were being considered as commercial customers when really they arent running a business that we would consider to be a commercial business. So well gain market share on both and our goal and plan is to get those stores to about a $2 million average. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregory Melich  Morgan Stanley.  
Gregory Melich  Morgan Stanley: I had two questions for you, first was on a free cash flow standpoint understanding that the CapEx has quite a bit of variability. Is there an overall number that you may have provided that I would have missed, and how should we think about that for the next few years?
Thomas McFall: The number, I guess we had given it in a little different fashion was that we expect to have negative cash flow of about $80 to $120 million, we referred to it in what our debt levels would be next year. We would expect that with the bunch of the cap ex being pulled really from 2010 to 2009, with the success we've had on finding distribution centers that we would return to a positive cash flow in 2010.
Gregory Melich  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then the other question I had was just on SG&A. It sounds like some of the synergy opportunities there are still pretty substantial, sort of as we had thought and just hoping you can detail a little bit more what rolls into that. Specifically, are some of the leases included there that are up for renewal and/or the Phoenix headquarters, and anything you can share there would be great? 
Gregory Henslee: SG&A synergies that we talked about would be focused on the headquarters expense in advertising, and as we transition over to the O'Reilly system, we need fewer people to maintain the CSK system and, as we implement the O'Reilly advertising strategy, we will continue to see those savings incrementally increase.  One thing I think that was asked on a previous question that I don't think we addressed directly was that we continued to be confident in our ability to reach $100 million of annual synergies starting in 2010. And I think the numbers that we've given in our guidance show good progress to that in 2009.  The item we want to focus on is that the buying synergies will incrementally improve as we align the products so until we change over a specific product line across the chain or line it up we will have the best deal. So that why when we look at the fourth quarter, we'll have the most buying synergies as a per cent of sales.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Nagel  UBS.
Brian Nagel  UBS: I want to follow up on an answer to a prior question. You mentioned real estate as an opportunity. Earlier today it was on one of your competitors conference calls, they highlighted something similar, and actually in their press release as well, is the potential renegotiations with some of these leases. So I was just wondering, as we look at CSK integration, do you think potential renegotiation of some of these leases could occur, and if so, could that be a meaningful driver and upside your initial synergy estimates for the business?
Ted Wise: Well, we're in the process right now of dealing with the leases as they mature and they obviously being a 100% leased and older stores on the west coast, there's a large class of store leases maturing almost on a monthly basis, so we're dealing with those one at a time. And our effort is obviously to renegotiate the following term at a better rate, more of a market price, of f course that varies from store location to store location. And then we're going back and looking at other options to relocate, cut down square footage. A lot of their stores where in large square footage that, that in itself, drove up the lease price more than what it needs to be for today's auto parts store. So, we're looking at all options of reducing our occupancy costs and including relocating it out of some of the older locations to better facilities at or better lease rates than what they have currently got in the stores.
Brian Nagel  UBS: So, would those then be, because we've obviously had a shift in the real estate market recently, would those types of synergies be incremental to your initial estimates of the synergies for the business?
Thomas McFall: They would. That would be something that we would not have been clear in our initial observation of potential synergies just based on the fact that at the time it seemed as though the leases were the leases and something that we would live with. And we were able to gain comfort with our opportunity to grow market share out there in drive volume that could leverage of their existing leases so these renegotiations would be a potential upside to our original synergy estimate.
Ted Wise: And it is obviously going to be a process that takes a year to two years to get through the evaluation.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Collin McBranahan  Bernstein].
[Collin McBranahan  Bernstein]:  Thank you and thanks for running over a little bit here to get a lot of questions in. A few quick ones, one in the core O'Reilly business, can you talk a little bit about what you saw in terms of comparable store transaction and pricing, or essentially what the explicit inflation factor was. That's the first question. And then secondly, on the CSK comp's post conversion, it looks like theyve settled kind of in a 15%, 16%, 17% range and I know it is early and there's a lot of unknowns here, but would you expect that then to build a bit through the first year as the retail business picks up and you start to build and develop those commercial customers, because obviously to get to a $2 million kind of volume in some of those California stores you need about, I don't know, a 30% or 40% increase in productivity.  So is that 16%, 17% then going to accelerate and you have another year of 15%, 16% to get there, how are you thinking abut that at this point with understandably just about four months under your belt?
Gregory Henslee: Yes. To your point, Collin, what we can speak to is basically is our experience so far, which these stores being converted the time of year that we've converted them, is not the best time of year to lean on the sales results and project forward, because in the dead of winter in these northern states business really slows down. But we've been very pleased with the double-digit comp growth that we've had once the stores gained traction. To your point, we really would expect them to at different points in their progression to becoming a real O'Reilly store, do better than that as we start gaining commercial business and establish ourselves as a retailer that has a great access to a broad array of inventory. And that's going to vary on a store by store basis.  But generally, we expect very positive results as we do the things that we're doing to put these stores in a position to sell parts, and particularly in the western half of the country where the CSK stores have really not done a great job of penetrating the retail market because of the support structure they had. Not having good access to inventory, not having the nightly replenishment, and the breadth of skews that we have. We would expect very good sales results from a commercial standpoint out there.  The second part of your question, as far as just a contributor to the core O'Reilly comps, what I would say is that both the traffic and transaction average were contributors to our comp store sales. A little heavier on the transaction average than traffic but both were contributors to our comp store sales growth.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Thomas McFall: Well, thanks everyone for your time this morning. We're looking forward to wrapping up the quarter. The quarter so far has been strong from a comparable store sales standpoint.  We're considering the leap year loss of a day in our guidance, and also the fact that March is the largest month of the quarter and would be weighted in most heavy in the quarter. And we've not had that yet but we'll look forward to reporting our results in April, and we'll talk to you then. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Henslee  Chief Executive Officer, Co-President Ted Wise  Chief Operating Officer, Co-President Thomas McFall  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Finance Jeff Shaw  Senior Vice President, Store Operations and Sales Michael Swearengin  Senior Vice President, Merchandise
Analysts: Robert Higginbotham  Goldman Sachs Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets Peter Benedict  Wachovia Securities Jon Braatz  Kansas City Capital Associates Adam Sindler  Deutsche Bank Sharon Zackfia  William Blair & Company Cid Wilson  Kevin Dann & Partners David Cumberland  Robert W. Baird & Company [Mark Johnson  Principal Global] William Keller  FTN Midwest Research [Vincent Sinisi  Merrill Lynch]
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Good morning, my name is Elizabeth and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the third quarter earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference call over to Mr. Tom McFall, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may now begin your conference.
Thomas McFall: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning everyone and welcome to the OReilly conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, Id like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by looking forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will, or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing among other things expected growth, store development and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues, and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs, and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions including, but not limited to competition, product demand, the market throttle parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, war, the threat of war, and weather. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described and applied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factors sections of the companys form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 for more details. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Thanks Tom, good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2008 conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning of course is Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer, and Ted Wise our Chief Operating Officer. David OReilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present. First off, Id like to thank our management team, as well as every member of Team OReilly for all their hard work and focus on our continued success during the quarter. Weve obviously taken on a substantial challenge with the acquisition of CSK Auto. Im extremely proud of the progress weve made so far, and I know every member of Team OReilly is excited about the long-term prospects that the fully integrated chain and the execution of our dual market strategy in the CSK markets. Were progressing nicely with the integration planning and execution and Im very confident well start seeing positive results as we improve the inventory positions, pricing strategies, and distribution model in these markets. Id also like to thank our storm teams that so clearly exhibited the OReilly culture as we cleaned up and were first to open in most markets following the severe damage left by Hurricanes Gustav and Ike last month. Several of our team members volunteered for the extremely challenging jobs of getting our stores reopened following the floods and wind damage from these storms. Im extremely proud to say that we were the first auto parts store to reopen in most of the affected markets and our customers were obviously impressed with the efforts we made to make emergency supplies like generators, gas cans, and batteries available for them to purchase. Many of our stores operated without power and in damaged structures, in many cases, all in the spirit of making sure we did all we could to help our communities get back on their feet. Im sure all this effort was clearly noticed by our customers and will be rewarded with their future business as these communities continue to rebuild. During the quarter, theres no question that we were challenged by the continued effects of the current economic environment. Our guidance for the third quarter was for core OReilly comparable store sales in the 2% to 4% range and comparable store sales in the negative 1% to 3% range for CSK. Speaking specifically of the OReilly Store performance, after a relatively strong start to the quarter in July, business slowed in August and early September, picking back up in most markets toward the end of the period to finish with 1.5% comparable store sales. During September, we were pressured with the store closures due to hurricanes in the gulf and had 78 stores closed from one to six days during Gustav and 158 stores closed anywhere from one day to two weeks with Hurricane Ike. The hurricanes also disrupted fuel supplies to some major markets in which we do business, such as Atlanta and Nashville. However, the recovery from these events can be a contributor to sales growth and we expect solid results from these markets as communities rebuild over the next few months. As everyone knows, we dont report commercial and DIY comparable store sales separately, but I will say that during the third quarter, as has been the case over the past several quarters, commercial comps grew a little better than retail. However, both sides of the core OReilly business comp positive during the period. At CSK, the quarter started out sluggish and finished with a slight improvement toward the end of the period, resulting in comps of -4.3%. Weve seen some recent improvement in our CSK Stores, especially on the commercial side of the business, as we start to dial in our focus on commercial customer relationships. However, we dont expect material improvement in the CSK Store sales performance until we gain traction with some of the conversion initiatives that we have underway. This includes improvements to distribution center and store inventories, pricing strategy improvements, as well as improvements in distribution service. As we progress with laying the foundation for the integration of CSK, weve had a chance to fully evaluate in detail the causes of the poor market penetration and poor profitability that CSK experienced on a stand alone basis. In our opinion, the primary contributor to the degradation and their ability to capture market over the past several years was the lack of attention to the hard parts assortments. Then, as the company became more capital constrained, the inventory assortment issue became something that was much more difficult to attempt to correct and ultimately left the company in a position where they could not adequately compete on parts coverage. In an effort to capture some big ticket sales, the company strayed from the core auto parts business and got into some other categories such as imported products like motor scooters, power equipment, and various tools in an effort to improve their per unit volume. Sales of these product were not sustainable and the company has suffered in the face of healthy competitors on both the retail and commercial sides of the business. In every aspect of the operation, its clear that the company was suffering significantly, due to poor access to the capital it needed to successfully operate, which forced decisions to made, with an eye on short-term goals rather than long-term strategy. Our team has spent a lot of time evaluating CSK, both before and after July 11, the day we closed on the acquisition. I can tell you, the more we worked on the integration planning, the more excited we are about the prospects of our combined companies. Our plan is simple. We strongly believe that our dual market strategy will work extremely well in the western half of the US. To execute this, were in the process of upgrading inventory coverage and working with our vendor partners to put in place the category assortments we need to put these stores back into the hard parts business. To do this, well leverage the robust inventory management systems weve built, to help us determine the inventory that is needed at each location, based on the vehicle population, forecasted demand, and past sells history. While the vehicle population in many of the western states is much different than those in the central and eastern US markets, the vehicles themselves and the part failure rates are very similar to current OReilly markets. Our very systematic approach to adjusting the inventory at each store will result in a significant boost in the hard parts productivity in these stores. At the same time, were repositioning the product offering and pricing to ensure were competitive in every market everyday. Weve made good progress with this in third quarter, but still have a ways to go. Much of the previous CSK strategy revolved around promotional pricing without the competitive everyday pricing that we feel is needed to maintain a customers repeat business. We feel strongly that the strategy well implement is more sustainable, will require less spend of promotional dollars, and will produce much better results. Another key piece of our strategy as weve outlined before, is putting in place a distribution model that allows us to execute our dual market strategy. As we previously announced, were planning to add a total of four distribution centers in the CSK markets, in addition to our previously announced Lubbock, Texas and Greensboro, North Carolina DCs. Well close one of the acquired distribution centers in Minneapolis/St. Paul which directly overlaps with an existing OReilly Distribution Center. These additions will allow us to provide overnight service to all the stores and in many cases, multiple deliveries per day. Our expanded distribution network will provide access to the breadth of skews needed to succeed on the commercial side of the business and will be a very meaningful service enhancement for our retail customers. I know most of this isnt new news and the question is how long will this take and what incremental synergies we can expect as we execute the plan. I can tell you that were now in the process of consolidating stores in existing OReilly markets and weve begun the process of doing whole store changeovers to our merchandise assortments, layout, and branding in the stores to which we have distribution capability out of existing OReilly Distribution Centers. This includes about 185 stores and plans are to complete the conversion of these stores by the end of April next year. As these conversions take place, well provide sales performance information for the changeover stores separately to help our investors better understand the effect of the changes that were making. The remaining stores, comprised of the stores in the western half of the US and some of the stores supplied out of the Detroit Distribution Center, will be changed over one product line at a time beginning the end of this year, with an expected completion date of mid 2010. Prior to these changeovers, were doing strategic deployment of much needed inventory in several locations and adding some critical category enhancements to all CSK Stores. These enhancements will be completed by the end of February next year. And our pricing strategy should be in full swing by the end of the fourth quarter. One of the most significant challenges to the completion of our plan is the implementation of a more robust distribution system out west and were currently in the process of procuring facilities. Ted will cover this in more details in a moment, but Ill tell you that our plan as it stands today is to complete our distribution build out by the end of 2010. At that time, well have very similar distribution capability to all the CSK markets that we currently have to the core OReilly markets. In the meantime, well make incremental and very meaningful improvements. What does all this mean from a synergy perspective? For now, we feel very confident in our ability to achieve an annual synergy run rate of $100 million in 2010. Of those $100 million, we expect 75 million to come from merchandise acquisition cost savings. During 2008 we expect to realize $5 to $10 million of these synergies primarily related to acquisition costs on like lines. The remaining $65 to $70 million will be realized incrementally over the next two years, as we convert stores and align our product offerings. Of the remaining $25 million of SG&A savings, we expect to realize approximately $7.5 million in 2008. These reductions relate primarily to duplicative headquarter expenses. The remaining savings will be captured over the next two years as we consolidate operations, combine contractual obligations, and consolidate systems. It should be noted that this $25 million savings is net of additional SG&A investments that will be necessary to implement our dual market strategy. These investments will be made primarily in the areas of field operations management, commercial sales force, and professional parts people. Now, just to take a high level view of our business and our industry, our obvious headwinds are the challenging economic environment with inflation, retirement savings, and home values all under pressure. Miles driven, one of the primary drivers of demand in our business, is down this year as compared to last. Discretionary spending has obviously decreased. Some of the tailwinds for our industry are the fuel prices of late have come down dramatically to three year lows. In many of our markets, the price of regular unleaded is now below $2 a gallon. This will incrementally result in an increase in miles driven and will take at least some of the pressure off our customers pocketbooks. Most of our sales are not discretionary in nature and demand is very simply a result of wear and tear over time and miles driven. We estimate that approximately 80% of our sells are clearly not discretionary. Consumers are keeping their cars longer. The average age of vehicles on the road continues to increase as new car sales slow. Older cars, very simply, require more maintenance. In addition, we believe very strongly in our ability to replicate the success weve had in the central and eastern US, in the western states and are working very diligently to put our company in a position to start generating positive results from the CSK acquisition. We believe well see improvements in the performance of all CSK Stores as we continue to incrementally enhance their operations and we expect to see significant improvements in the performance of the stores as they are converted. That said, we continue to be relatively cautious in our near-term comparable store sales projections for the CSK Stores as a whole. For the fourth quarter, based on current trends, we are forecasting a comp store sales decline in the 1 to 3% range. For the core OReilly stores, were much more confident and with a month of the quarter completed, along with the softer 2.1% comparison from fourth quarter last year, were forecasting comparable store sales in the 2% to 4% range for the quarter, for a combined CSK, OReilly comparable store sales range as 0% to 2%. As Ive said, were extremely excited about the continued prospects of the CSK acquisition and our combined management teams are very dedicated to making sure this combination is a complete success. To provide some additional details about our continued growth and the CSK integration, Ill now turn the call over to Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. Ted.
Ted Wise: Thanks Greg and good morning everyone. As announced, we finished the third quarter with 3,277 stores and opened 37 new stores. That included 36 OReilly Stores and one Schuck Auto Parts Store. After deducting two store consolidations, which included one OReilly Store and one Schuck Store, we had a net 35 new OReilly Stores. This brings our new store growth at the end of the third quarter at the 131 stores. We have an 19 additional store openings planned for the fourth quarter, which will put us at our new store growth rate, 150 new stores. We also relocated nine OReilly Stores to new prototype buildings this quarter, which brings us to 23 relocations for the year. There was also five store renovations completed, for a total of 65 store renovations for the year. Once again, our new stores were divided out in the market areas reaching into 14 different states. The southeast received the most stores with 7 new stores in Georgia and 4 new stores in North Carolina. For the year, Texas continues to lead the new store count with 23 stores year-to-date, followed by Georgia at 16 stores and Ohio with 14 stores. As I pointed out before, with our capacity and number of distribution centers, we can more evenly spread out our new store expansions throughout our market areas, which is a positive for the real estate department and store operations team in selecting and opening up new stores. Our new Lubbock, Texas Distribution Center will begin operations next week, giving us the ability to continue to expand into west Texas and New Mexico and most importantly, handling the upcoming Checker Store conversions. The Lubbock DC will also relieve both our Houston and Dallas Distribution Centers of some hard to service stores in west Texas and give them the capacity to service new stores within their immediate market. As announced on our last call, we have begun the process of opening a new distribution center in Greensboro, North Carolina to handle our continued expansion in the east coast states. The Greensboro DC will also relieve some of the longer delivery routes out of our Atlanta and Knoxville DCs and like the situation in west Texas, this will give these DCs the needed relief and ability to continue to expand in their surrounding market areas. We are continuing to work on the construction of Greensboro interior and our timeline calls for the opening to be in May of 09. Now to recap our growth plan, with 19 new stores on the schedule, we will reach our goal of 115 stores for 08 and our expansion plan for 09 is set to be another 150 new OReilly Stores. We are comfortable with continuing this rate of new store growth while addressing our highest priority, converting the first group of CSK Stores into our existing OReilly distribution system. Now to discuss the CSK changeover stores, after finishing some minor work in our Minneapolis DC and Billings, Montana DC, we are well into the first wave of CSK Store conversions. In these northern stores, we have merged 25 CSK Stores into OReilly Stores and closed two overlapping stores. The changeover plan has now shifted into high gear and by the end of February we will have 30 CSK Stores merged into OReilly Stores, seven OReilly Stores moved into CSK buildings, and 72 existing CSK Store locations changed over to OReilly. Our changeover schedule in the northern store is base on us doing approximately 8 projects per week. As stores convert over to the O'Reilly system, they're switched to our Minneapolis DC or our Billings DC, which allows us to move distribution team members and prepare to be out of the CSK Minneapolis DC by early spring. The CSK stores will provide additional distribution and expense leverage as we switch these stores to our relatively new Minneapolis DC. Since the O'Reilly brand is well established in these northern markets, our plan will be to change to the O'Reilly signage and brand as soon as possible following the store conversions. The team member training and transfer of customer sales is going extremely well in these conversion stores. We see some great upside in growing the business as we get better inventory level, nightly inventory replenishment and market-competitive pricing. Now in regard to the CSK Texas and New Mexico stores, with the opening of our Luvick DC in November, we will move forward with these store conversions starting in January. There will be one CSK store merged into an O'Reilly and 51 CSK stores converted to the O'Reilly inventory consistent. The schedule calls for an average of 8 stores each week and provides us a completion date by the end of April. We will co-brand our advertising and marketing in these stores until mid-year and plan for O'Reilly signs and the brand to be changed most likely in the middle of '09. Again our operations and sales work preparing these stores for conversion is going very well and gives us a very encouraging outlook for positive sales growth when these stores are given the proper tools to start growing your business. Phase III of the conversion moves us back north to the Murray stores in the (inaudible 00:27:19) area. After expanding our shipping lanes in our Indy DC, we are ready to switch the distribution of the 62 Chicago stores from the CSK Detroit DC. These store conversations are planned to start in early March with 8 stores per week and will finish by mid-April. Immediately after offloading these stores from Detroit DC, we'll convert that DC over to the O'Reilly distribution system and inventory model. This will allow us to finish the changeover of the remaining 82 Murray stores in Detroit to the O'Reilly systems. We continue to co brand Murray and O'Reilly and determine the best time to change a brand later in '09 or early in the following year. Our goal is to have the store conversion project completed by the end of June, which will result in over 300 stores operating under the O'Reilly systems. Now to discuss the western state 1,000 plus stores. With a high sense of urgency we have a number of business-building initiatives and plans being implemented today. Our two high priorities are to get the store inventories adjusted and position retail pricing to be competitive in the individual markets. Across the board we have found that stores are under inventory both part overpriced at retail. We are addressing market pricing now and will be moving forward with the line-by-line changeover process as quickly as possible. However, since doing the complete line changeover process will take time that could be productive sales time we're moving forward with adding all of our entry level and competitive price lines to the stores as fast as the DCs and stores can process the work flow. In addition, we have identified 119 stores that are in great installer markets, have the back-room stocking space and can support a group of surrounding stores. These stores will receive additional inventory converge across all lines on an average of $200,000. The first group of stores will see their updates start next week and the project should be completed by the first part of February. Along with these inventory updates and retail pricing adjustments now being implemented, our store ops and sales teams are evaluating each store's installer business potential. As you know, the vast majority of the CSK stores did not deliver and did very little if any installer business. Therefore based on having the sufficient inventory levels, we are making plans to start adding installer service to more stores and expanding our up-store concept to support groups of surrounding stores. Having the right part specialist is obviously a key to successful installer business. So we have to be very careful and implement these programs when we are properly staffed and trained. Developing our installer sales and the related staffing needs to be a top priority for our district and regional managers. To effectively manage all these changes in the field and implement the O'Reilly business plan, we are selectively increasing the number of regional, district and sales management roles in the field. Now in regard to advertising and marketing, this month we begin our cobranding of the CSK stores and O'Reilly on all print, radio and marketing events. For example, the NASCAR race in Phoenix this month actually in November will be the Checker/O'Reilly Auto parts 500. Also, all CSK store team members will start wearing co branded uniform shorts after the first of the year. We will continue to co brand throughout the changeover and closely monitor the results of the 300 stores currently being co branded and then change to the O'Reilly brand across the store chain in the future based on evaluation, of close evaluation. In the area of distribution and as we previously announced, we must increase the number of distribution centers to convert to our nightly service and provide a wider inventory coverage for our stores. We are in the final stage of selecting property in southern California and Seattle Washington and hope to get these projects underway soon. We are also doing site work for the Salt Lake City and Denver markets, which will be Phase 2 of our distribution development plan. Our goal and estimate for completing the DC expansions, along with the final stage of converting our existing Phoenix, Arizona and Dixon, California locations is targeted for the end of 2010. This is an aggressive target, but reaching it will be the key to our complete CSK conversion and give us the distribution support for our future growth out west. Now before I turn it back to Tom I would like to say thanks to our O'Reilly team. We recognize the hard work and great customer focus that helps achieve the O'Reilly store sales growth, both new store and comp sales. For all the reasons Greg covered, sales are challenging and most likely will continue to be so for the immediate future. In the past few weeks I've had the opportunity to attend several of our fall regional ops and sales meetings, as well as visit several of our distribution centers, and I return from each trip positive that we have the best and most motivated team in the industry. I have obviously spent considerable time in Phoenix and in the CSK stores with our new O'Reilly leadership team, and I also feel very confident in their commitment and their ability to help make our CSK to O'Reilly transition successful and execute the O'Reilly business plan in the west. Our continued focus for O'Reilly team across the company will be to execute our proven business plan and provide best-of-class service to all of our customers. I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas McFall: Thanks, Ted. Now we'll review the financial results for the quarter. Sales were up 68% to 1.1 billion for the quarter. The increase was driven by a 7.7% increase in core O'Reilly stores and sales of $399 million at the acquired CSK stores. For the quarter, comparable store sales for stores open greater than 12 months increased 1.5% in the core O'Reilly stores, and decreased 4.3% at the acquired CSK stores. On a consolidated basis, comparable store sales for the quarter decreased 0.8%. For the quarter, core O'Reilly stores sales to independent jobbers, team members and equipment sales, which are not included in our comparable sales calculations, were $18.9 million, which was an increase of $0.6 million above the same period last year. Year-to-date, these non-comp, non-store sales were $54 million, which was a decrease of $1 million from the prior year. Year-to-date sales increased 28% to 2.5 billion. This increase was driven by a 7.6% increase in the core O'Reilly stores and sales of $399 million at the CSK stores. Year-to-date comparable store sales for stores open greater than 12 months increased 1.5% for core O'Reilly stores, and decreased 4.3% at the acquired CSK stores since July 12, 2008. On a consolidated basis, comparable store sales year-to-date increases 0.5%. Gross profit was 45.6% of sales for the quarter, versus 44.4% in the prior year. For the year gross profit was 45.2% of sales versus 44.3% in the prior year. the improvement was driven by the incremental improvement of the O'Reilly stores, realization of a small (inaudible 00:35:48) buying synergies, an influx of the higher margin CSK sales, which are driven by a higher mix of DIY sales and market-specific conditions. (Inaudible 00:36:00) was 37.3% of sales, versus 31.9% in the prior year. For the year, SG&A was 34.8% of sales versus 31.7% in the prior year. The deleverage was the result of the slower sales, the additional of the CSK store base which has a higher expense structure than the core O'Reilly stores, and $2.5 million of non-cash amortization of trademarks recorded as part of the purchase price allocation. Operating income for the quarter was 8.3% of sales versus 12.5% in the prior year. Year-to-date operating income was 10.4% of sales versus 12.6% in the prior year. Internet expenses for the quarter was $22 million versus interest income of a million in the prior year. Interest expense was comprised of $9.1 million of interest on fixed and floating debt, 1.8% of amortization of debt issuance costs, and $11.3 million of one-time cost related to the transaction. The tax provision was 41.8% of pre-tax income for the quarter, versus 36.4% in the prior year. The year-to-date tax rate was 38.6% compared to 36.0% in the prior year. The increased tax rate is due to a one-time change in tax liabilities related to that position and an increase in the current tax rate due to the CSK stores predominantly with a higher tax rate states. Net income for the quarter was $41.4 million versus $53.1 million in the prior year. For the third quarter net income was 3.7% of sales, at 8.0% the prior year. Year-to-date net income was 144 million, which was 5.8% of sales compared to 8.0% of sales in the prior year. Diluted earnings-per-share for the quarter was $0.31 per share, which a decrease of $0.15 per share from the prior year. Third quarter EPS was based on 133.1 million shares as compared to 116.3 million shares in the prior year. The large increase in share count is the result of the shares issued as a part of the purchase price of CSK. The year-to-date EPS was $1.18 per share, which was a decrease of $0.14 per share from the prior year. Excluding one-time costs, which we will discuss in the moment, EPS for the third quarter was $0.40 per share, which represents a decrease of 13% from the prior year. Year-to-date adjusted EPS was $1.27 per share, which represents a 4% decrease from the prior year. Now we'll discuss in more detail the one-time items that are creating significant noise in our third quarter results. Please note all these amounts are net of tax. The $4.4 million of debt payment cost was the cost  excuse me, was the cost of the co premium on our $75 million private placement note. The calculation of the call premium was driven primarily by T-bill rates, and was thus negatively impacted by the historical T-bill rates. The $2.6 million interim facility commitment fee was the cost of the banking  was the commitment to finance the potential debt facility beyond our asset-backed loan facility. Though the transaction was switched to a tender offer, this interim facility was no longer needed. By having that finance and commitment was an important part in negotiating the acquisition. The $3.1 million one-time tax adjustment to tax liabilities was a direct result of the acquisition. On a go-forward basis we expect our consolidated tax rate to be approximately 38.5% of pre-tax income. With the increase over a historical rate driven by the higher state tax rates in the primary states in which CSK operatives. The 1.1 amortization of trade names and trademarks is the result of a portion of the purchase price being allocated to trade names and marks in accordance with the statement of financial accounting standards 141. The life of this intangible asset has a short life. This is planned to convert all stores to the O'Reilly brand. As a result ,this $13 million asset will be written off via non-cash amortization charge over the next two years. Because the amount of stores operating under the CSK brand names will sequentially decrease quarter after quarter as we convert stores, the amortization charge is front loaded with the fourth quarter of 2008 being a pre-tax charge of $2.8 million and the last planned quarter, the third quarter of 2010, being a charge of $0.1 million. Moving onto the balance sheet, the core O'Reilly average per store inventory at 9/30 was $479, 000 which was a slight decrease from $483,000 as of last September. For the CSK stores, the average per-store inventory increased from $417,000 at the date of the acquisition to $440,000 at the end of September, which represents a 5.5% increase. This increase is the beginning of our ongoing efforts to increase the hard-part inventory availability at the CSK and eliminate non-core automotive merchandise. Accounts payable at $757 million with 49.9% of inventory as compared to 46.8% in the prior year. The improved ratio is the result of the improved vendor terms and the impact of the recent initial merchandise orders to add hard parts to the CSK stores. At 930, borrowings under our asset-based revolver were $554 million, which is a decrease of $44 million since the transaction was completed. EBITDA for the quarter was $139 million, 12.5% of sales, versus the prior year of $105 million, which was 15.9% of sales. Year-to-date EBITDA was $347 million, 14.1% of sales, versus the prior year of $302 million, which was 15.8% of sales. For the CSK stores, we expect a decrease in comp store sales of 2% to 4% for the period CSK was owned by O'Reilly. And on a consolidated basis, we expect comps to be flat to 1%.GAAP EPS for the year guidance is $1.45 to $1.49 per share compared to $1.67 in 2007. Excluding onetime charges related to the acquisition, adjusted EPS we expect earnings per share to be $1.56 to $1.60 per share. At this time, I'd like to ask Elizabeth, the operator, to come back and we'll be happy to answer questions. Elizabeth?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Matthew Fassler, Goldman Sachs.
Robert Higginbotham  Goldman Sachs: Thanks, it's actually Robert Higginbotham in for Matt. First question, it seems as though the adjustments to inventory and pricing strategy in the CSK stores could have a pretty significant, very quick kind of impact. Is that in any way reflected in your guidance for that part of the business?
Gregory Henslee: The period of time that the inventory and pricing would have the most affect, we really haven't given guidance for. We will see incremental improvements as we start to roll out inventory, more inventory in the fourth quarter. But it's going to take time to convert those whole inventories. So probably the bigger impact of the inventory rollouts would be next year and not so much reflected in fourth quarter. And our fourth-quarter guidance is just based on current trends, maybe easier comparisons to some degree and just kind of what we expect to happen as a result of some of the improvements we're making. But again, most of the improvements won't be made until next year.
Robert Higginbotham  Goldman Sachs: Got you. And how should we think about any potential disruption from the conversions as you change the stores over and maybe you could talk about what you've seen through the very beginning of that process?
Gregory Henslee: Well, the stores that we're converting here in the Central US and the stores that we'll convert in west Texas, I would compare to having maybe a tooth pulled at the dentist's office. It hurts a lot for a real short period of time. And we're going to do those quick. In one week, we will basically go in and lift the inventory, reset the store to our layout and put in a new inventory. So for those stores, I would say the pain level is pretty high, but it's very quick.The other stores and the bigger piece of the business, which would be the Western stores and the stores that are supplied out of  or some of the stores that are supplied out of the Detroit distribution center, we'll do those one product line at a time. And we really kind of govern how much the stores and distribution centers can do at any given time, so we make it non-disruptive. Because it's so important that because it's spread out over some period of time, that our customer service levels continue to improve because we feel we have a big opportunity in those markets to give higher levels of service, so we govern that. And that's one of the reasons that we won't complete those by-product-line changeovers until mid 2010.
Robert Higginbotham  Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Tony Cristello, BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. How are you? A couple questions and I apologize, I got on the call a little bit late. But can you discuss maybe a little bit the labor component of the integration in terms of staffing, in terms of key personnel at CSK that you're targeting, you're keeping and how many are staying? And then as you evaluate the stores going out west and how those stores are staffed and in terms of what you may need in terms of labor?
Ted Wise: Tony, this is Ted. Well, operationally out in the field, we have kept basically everyone. We've moved a person from the O'Reilly side out to help in the integration as a vice president of CSK integration, and then there too, VPs had been around a long time are really experienced long-term CSK management, and they have rolled out to divisional VP roles. And so their regional managers are the same. We've added a couple of regional managers to get better coverage. From a sales standpoint, they had an outstanding couple of people out in the field to be regional sales directors. So we feel in real good shape from just the leadership in the field. Same way in the distribution center. They had an outstanding individual that will continue to be our vice president of West Coast distribution. So overall, I'd say  it's looking real good. We're spending a lot of time out there with them and obviously passing on the culture. And helping them in the evaluations of market opportunities is somewhat new to them because they're looking at things with a little different perspective, but it's going well.
Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: And when you look, and I guess maybe this is more a question for Tom, at the CSK and the guidance in terms of the comp, you're negative 4%, 3%, and you're sort of going back to your original sort of range, are you looking at benefits that you're starting to receive on the CSK side of things and that's perhaps why you see improvement sequentially from Q3 into Q4? And you are not saying hey, things may still be at that minus 4 level but we're going to take it back down to the 1% to 3%?
Thomas McFall: Well the two items that I guess I would comment on here is we've seen their comp trend improve. And then, another odd item with the date of the acquisition, if we included the same period of time that our comps include from July 1st through September 30th, their comps would have been I would say quite a bit better. That first 11 days excluding it because we didn't own them negatively impacted their comps for the quarter. So when we look at a full quarter and given the current run rate, we're comfortable with the guidance that we have given.
Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, okay. And at what point, when you look out into next year and obviously  how should we think about the contribution from  outlook you sort of quantified some of the contribution from vendors and the benefit there, but how does that roll out as you do conversions? Is that a situation where, as you get that store up and running and converted over, that's when you start to see that benefit of that new inventory is replenished? How should we think about that from a standpoint of getting that full benefit of the $75 million or so that you indicated?
Thomas McFall: Well, the full benefit of the $75 million requires us to align all the product offerings across the chain unless in specific instances we decide to carry different products based on markets. But that's really determined on this line-by-line changeover across the chain, so we'll see that over the next year to year and a half as we review every category and match up the product offerings.
Anthony Cristello  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Peter Benedict, Wachovia.
Peter Benedict  Wachovia Securities: Benedict. Could you talk about the competitive response you are seeing if any to the initial price adjustments that you're making out in those Western stores?
Gregory Henslee: We've really  the situation is that due to maybe lack of attention and a little bit of strategy I guess relative to CSK's promotional initiatives, in many cases, CSK just wasn't competitive on the hard parts sort of the business side of the business, which to us is obviously the most important. And also, on some of the commodity items that are items that consumers can easily compare prices. There's not been a market response because our position is that we want to be competitive. We're not going out and trying to lower prices in the marketplace. We're just trying to be competitive with the competitors that exist in the market, so we have not seen a material response at this point.
Peter Benedict  Wachovia Securities: Got you. Makes sense. Thanks. And then just on the gross margin, if we try to look just at the O'Reilly stores or the legacy O'Reilly stores, first half of year, gross margins were up anywhere from 35 to 70 basis points. With the new buying of synergies, can we assume in the third quarter that the gross margins were up at least that 70 level or was it even better than that?
Gregory Henslee: Well, there's no question that the O'Reilly gross margin has improved and will continue to improve. We're going to stop short of trying to quantify the O'Reilly gross margin and the CSK gross margin stand alone because they cross over so much now due to the buying synergy and some of the things that have happened as part of the acquisition. And then from an SG&A perspective, obviously, we don't have  it's hard to divide the company into two pieces.So your assumption would be close. We're improving our acquisition costs incrementally as we start to roll out our product lines and that improvement is reflected in the O'Reilly gross margin performance as well as the CSK.
Peter Benedict  Wachovia Securities: Thanks, and just one more. It sounded like there's a bit of a CSK hub store concept taking form, I guess the stores that are getting the $200,000 of additional inventory. Approximately how many stores can each of those hub stores service?
Gregory Henslee: Well, it varies a lot by market. Some of the bigger markets, Phoenix and southern California, each one can service several stores and in many cases it's just the density of a store because in southern California you can't draw the circle very big because of traffic and so forth. But typically a hub store would service anywhere from 10 to 20 stores, something like that, in some cases more.
Ted Wise: Yes, we in some of the smaller markets where we may have eight or nine stores, it could service as small as six, seven, eight stores, although that inventory would be adjusted down for that number of stores from a coverage standpoint.So now all of the inventory rollouts we're doing right now at CSK are not necessarily hub stores. Some of them are just big, good markets with a lot of installer base. So that evaluation is ongoing right now as we spend more time in the markets.
Peter Benedict  Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Jon Braatz, Kansas City Capital.
Jon Braatz  Kansas City Capital Associates: I don't know if you can touch on this or not, but as you look into 2009, what type of opportunities in terms of free cash flow is there, and your ability to maybe pay back a little bit of debt? Any thoughts on that whole cash flow process?
Thomas McFall:
 :
Jon Braatz  Kansas City Capital Associates: Okay. And are the DCs going to be purchased or leased? Or is that up for grabs still?
Thomas McFall: It depends on the specific economics of the sites. Because of the costs involved in opening a DC, the material handling equipment and the leasehold improvements, they are a long-term commitment for us and would tend to make us want to own those facilities because we would plan to be there for a long period of time. But given the right economics, we wouldn't be averse to leasing them.
Jon Braatz  Kansas City Capital Associates: Okay. Than last, secondly, I think you  I think Greg mentioned that you identified 119 stores, CSK stores with a good installer market with space available. Is that suggesting that there will be CSK stores that probably will not have sort of an installer base opportunity or potential? Or is that just the initial opportunity you see?
Ted Wise: Jon, this is Ted. That's just the initial opportunity. There's  I'd guesstimate right now that probably 90% plus of CSK stores will have an installer opportunity. In our world, O'Reilly world, it's even higher than that. But as you spend time out in California, there's some real dense retail areas where we have stores that overlap pretty close that may not make sense to have installer business run out of every store. But again, it will be in the high 90% or mid 90%, I bet.
Jon Braatz  Kansas City Capital Associates: How long does it take to train the personnel that maybe weren't there and bring somebody in or train that person to be able to effectively work that market?
Ted Wise: Well, it's just depending on where they are at in the learning curve, how long they been in the business. Realizing we don't have enough staff to grow the installer business, we'll obviously go out and recruit and hopefully bring on some experienced parts specialist in the marketplaces that have relationships, existing relationships with the installer base to start with. That's the best approach, along with training and promoting within. We'll go both ways.
Jon Braatz  Kansas City Capital: Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Adam Sindler, Deutsche Bank.
Adam Sindler  Deutsche Bank : Quick question. Maybe if you could comment a little bit on the situation with new car dealers, we've seen accelerated closings given the macro environment. And wondering if you stand to gain some share from those closings or if they really transfer over to other branded dealerships?
Gregory Henslee: Well, I think that some of our professional and commercial customers would gain some share on some of the maintenance items that might have been done at dealerships out of convenience. Many times the work that someone has done on their car, especially the ongoing periodic maintenance, is done in some place that is convenient to their home or their work. And where there were dealerships that run oil change specials and periodic maintenance specials, they might have been desired locations for that maintenance and that work would then go to our commercial customers in many cases. So we would see some benefit from that.But I would say that wouldn't be significant. Much of the work that the dealers do is warranty work, so the customer is going to chase down a dealer that's going to take care of their car under warranty with the majority of the repair work going to the aftermarket already.
Adam Sindler  Deutsche Bank : Exactly, okay, great. That was the question, you guys. Thank you.
Operator: Vincent Sinisi, Merrill Lynch. At this time there is no response from the line of Mr. Sinisi. Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia  William Blair & Company : I want to talk a little bit about when we get all of the synergies from CSK realized, 2010, 2011, as you look at the combined company, what ultimately do you think the margin potential is? Is this a combined company where operating margins could exceed what you had with the core O'Reilly business, given all of the synergies by the time we get to 2011, 2012?
Gregory Henslee: Well, it's hard to project that for sure without gaining some experience with where we can get these stores to from a pure revenue perspective because the key to this as everyone knows is our ability to grow revenue in these stores to the point that we can leverage the fixed costs that they have, which are higher than some of the fixed costs that we experienced in core O'Reilly markets.We strongly believe we can do that with the stores on average generating over $1.3 million a year now and combined commercial and retail business without really doing what we would consider to be a great job in those markets and not really being in the commercial business to the extent that we would consider it.So I guess our hope would be that we can get these stores up in the $1.8 million to $2 million average and that by doing that, that gets our combined operating margin back to what we are as O'Reilly stand alone. And our aspiration obviously is to exceed that over time as we buy better and leverage technology to operate more efficiently and just continue to penetrate markets and further leverage our fixed costs at core O'Reilly and CSK.
Sharon Zackfia  William Blair & Company : Secondarily, given some of the expenditures you're going to be incurring at CSK to remodel stores and build distribution centers, could you review for us your debt facilities and whether or not you need to go to any kind of additional lending facilities to maintain the pace of conversions and infrastructure that you've outlined to us?
Thomas McFall: Sharon, this is Tom. As relates to that, our current facility we have plenty of liquidity to execute the plan. And probably excess, not probably  we have excess capacity which we're quite happy we went out and got given the current credit markets.Back on your question on the operating margin, we would expect to get to an operating margin that is enhanced from where we've been in the past. That will take time. The two items that are a current headwind to that are CSK's occupancy costs is more. They own less of their property, which creates a structural difference in the finance. And what we need to do is those operating costs and those leases on occupancy is higher because of the number of people in those markets and also the retail prices that are charged. So that is why we're comfortable that we're going to get them to a volume that is substantially higher than what they are now with our dual market strategy and more in line with where they've been historically and more in line with the average sales volume for an O'Reilly store in a similar demographic.
Operator: Vincent Sinisi, Merrill Lynch. Cid Wilson, Kevin Dann Partners.
Cid Wilson  Kevin Dann & Partners : Forgive me if you had talked about this because I jumped on the call a little late, but can you give us any guidance on average ticket versus actual store traffic in your core O'Reilly versus your core CSK stores?
Gregory Henslee: At core O'Reilly, traffic was down slightly and ticket average was up. At CSK, we really don't have  I don't have the data. Do you have that, Tom?
Thomas McFall: We're digging up the comparative data from the previous year (multiple speakers).
Gregory Henslee: Yes. We still have a lot of systems integration stuff that we've not completed and combining the companies to report financially is obviously a challenge to do in less than one quarter. So anyway, core O'Reilly it was  traffic was down a little bit and ticket average was up.
Cid Wilson  Kevin Dann & Partners : Okay. And also, given the economic environment, did you notice any change in terms of the percentage of your sales that were credit card transactions versus cash transactions?
Thomas McFall: We continue to experience higher credit card transactions over the last two or three years.
Gregory Henslee: We've been on a trend for some time now, Cid, with kind of a conversion of cash business from check and cash to credit card. And that rate has continued to ramp up at a steady pace over the last couple of years. I don't think we noticed anything in the third quarter that caused the rate to increase greater than what it has been.
Cid Wilson  Kevin Dann & Partners : In other words you didn't experience anything that would indicate that the customers are being more credit likely given the economic scenario?
Gregory Henslee: Nothing that we hadn't already seen as a trend prior to the third quarter.
Cid Wilson  Kevin Dann & Partners : Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: David Cumberland, Robert Baird.
David Cumberland  Robert W. Baird & Company: Thank you. The acquisition-related charges in 2008, $0.11, that's higher than you originally guided. Why is that increasing?
Thomas McFall: Why did it increase? I'm sorry.
David Cumberland  Robert W. Baird & Company: Yes.
Ted Wise: The primary item that we hadn't included in our second-quarter call were the tax consequences as it relates to the transaction.
David Cumberland  Robert W. Baird & Company: Great. And then on the $0.15 of dilution expected in 2008, is that roughly evenly split between Q3 and Q4?
Thomas McFall: Yes, it would be a little bit more in Q3 than in Q4. As we get our synergies online, that's a savings that helps offset that.
David Cumberland  Robert W. Baird & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Mark Johnson, Principal Global.
[Mark Johnson  Principal Global]: You talked about your business maybe picking up a little bit in the back part of September. Could you talk about what you have been seeing in October?
Gregory Henslee: Business has been better in October than it was in the  than what we wrapped up the whole third quarter. We were trending up and our experience with one-third of the quarter behind us is what gave us comfort in getting guidance for core O'Reilly stores of 2% to 4% and the CSK stores of negative 1% to 3% and then 0% to 2% for the combined Company.Last year, if you look back at our history, at the end of the third quarter, we were expecting to have a pretty solid fourth quarter because of the trend we were on, and we are surprised by the downturn at the holiday season. So that's a little bit of an unknown for us this year given the current economic environment, although we have easy comparisons during the holiday season. So the current trend and those things are what gives us confidence in giving the 2% to 4% comparable store sales guidance for O'Reilly and the negative 1% to 3% for CSK.
[Mark Johnson  Principal Global]: Okay, thanks. And then just one follow-up. I thought I heard you right in your prepared comments that you said you were going to have 185 CSK stores done by April. Is that correct?
Gregory Henslee: By the end of April, yes.
[Mark Johnson  Principal Global]: And did I also hear you say that you were going to start to provide some results on that group of stores at that time?
Gregory Henslee: That's right. As we complete these conversions and have that material number of them completed and some time under our belt so that we can report the progress of those stores, we will start reporting the sales progress of those stores independently, so analysts and investors can evaluate the effect on sales penetration that we've had with the changes that we've made.
[Mark Johnson  Principal Global]: Okay thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: William Keller, FTN Midwest.
William Keller  FTN Midwest Research: Just I think a quick one. Do you have any sort of preliminary CapEx guidance for next year given the number of new DCs you're looking at? And for the record, if this helps operator, we could hear the other gentlemen who was trying to ask a question earlier. Thanks.
Thomas McFall: We're not prepared to give CapEx guidance for next year yet. A lot of it will be driven on the discussions Ted talked about in our progress of adding distribution locations, as each one has a big CapEx tag on it.
Gregory Henslee: And just to add to that a little bit, Tom. As Tom mentioned earlier, ideally since these are long-term commitments, we would like to own these facilities if it makes sense to do so. Although if we came across the right lease opportunity, we would do that and that's going to significantly affect our capital usage next year. So rather than give preliminary estimates on that, we are right in the middle of that right now and hope to have more clarity on that in the next month or so and we'll be giving CapEx guidance for next year on our next conference call.
William Keller  FTN Midwest Research: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Vincent Sinisi, Merrill Lynch.
[Vincent Sinisi  Merrill Lynch]: Congratulations on a great quarter, guys. This is Vincent Sinisi in for Alan Rifkin of course at Merrill. Just a question in regard to the distribution center plans being completed by the end of 2010. How does that compare  when you started out with the integration, how does that timeframe compare to your original expectations? And then from there, if there are any implications, whether it's faster or slower, any implications on the $100 million in synergies?
Gregory Henslee: Well it's about what we had planned. We've  we go back and forth with a partner that we have that helps us with the material handling equipment in the distribution centers. And we spent a lot of time with them over the last few weeks identifying how we can simultaneously build out these distribution centers along with our Greensboro, North Carolina distribution center and arrived at the end of 2010, providing we're able to procure real estate on our plan, which right now we're on plan to do that. We're real close to having something wrapped up in southern California. So it's equal to the plan that we originally set out to wrap up the distribution infrastructure by the end of 2010.
[Vincent Sinisi  Merrill Lynch]: And just one quick follow-up. For the southern California as well as the Seattle locations that you had mentioned, do you think that is going to be completed by the end of this coming quarter? Do have any timeframe for that?
Gregory Henslee: Southern California, the real estate deal will be completed. We'll have a lot of work to do 
[Vincent Sinisi  Merrill Lynch]: Right, right, right, picking the locations, I meant, yes.
Gregory Henslee: Seattle may or may not be. We don't have as much clarity on the Seattle distribution center right now as we do southern California, but there's a good possibility we would have it wrapped up by the end of the fourth quarter.
[Vincent Sinisi  Merrill Lynch]: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, we have reached the allotted time for questions. I will now turn the conference call back over to Mr. Henslee.
Gregory Henslee: Well, I would just like to thank everyone for their time this morning. As I mentioned earlier, our team is extremely excited about the prospects of the combined company, CSK and O'Reilly, and we are working hard to instill the O'Reilly culture in the CSK operations and get to a point that we can execute our dual market strategies out of those stores and are looking forward to reporting our fourth-quarter results at the end of the year. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's O'Reilly third-quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall  Chief Financial Officer Greg Henslee  Chief Executive Officer Ted Wise  Chief Operating Officer David OReilly  Executive Chairman
Analysts: David Cumberland  Robert W. Baird & Co. Sharon Zackfia  William Blair & Company Scott Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets Michael Baker  Deutsche Bank Securities  Colin McGranahan Alan Ritkin  Merrill Lynch   
Operator: Welcome everyone to the OReilly Auto Parts 2008 second quarter earnings release. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Tom McFall, CFO. 
Tom McFall:  Welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, Id like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will, or similar words.  In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues, and future performance.  These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs, and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war, in the threat of war.  Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factor section of the companys Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 for more details. At this time, Id like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee:  Participating on the call with me this morning is of course Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. Ted is currently in Phoenix at the CSK Headquarters that will be participating on the call remotely. David OReilly, our Executive Chairman is also present.  Considering the continuation of the challenging economic environment weve experienced so far this year, were very pleased with our second quarter performance. Our team continues to focus on the fundamentals of providing the highest levels of customer service to both our professional customers and our do-it-yourself customers, and were very encouraged with the steadiness of our comparable-store sales growth throughout the second quarter resulting in a 3.4% increase. Im also pleased to report that this steady comparable-store sales trend has continued into the third quarter.  As our Company continues to aggressively expand, were very focused on gaining market share in our newer markets, as well as defending and growing our share of business in our more established markets. Were extremely proud of the job are team is doing as we continue to grow the Company at a rapid pace and begin the integration of CSK Auto.  Our ability to focus much of our Senior Management time and effort on the integration and conversion of CSK is only possible due to the outstanding store operations and distribution operations teams we have in our core markets, and I want to thank all the member of Team OReilly for their effort in insuring the continued success of our business and for the great levels of customer service we all work so hard to provide.  While 3.4% comparable-store sales growth in the second quarter is a solid improvement over the first quarter, our core customers remain challenged economically due to inflationary pressures. We feel this continues to drive many of our customers to defer as much as vehicle maintenance as they reasonably can. However, as I said before, our business is very resilient to the consideration of deferment and the fact that new car sales has slowed bodes well for our business as families under economic pressure make the decision to keep, maintain, and drive their older cars as opposed to replacing them.  Based on the performance of some of our discretionary categories, as well as the general feeling among our installer customers and our field sales force, we believe the mindset of our customers is starting to improve as people generally adjust to higher fuel costs.  Our air conditioning parts business, which is a category that can be deferred and has performed relatively poorly over the past several quarters, while not performing as well as we would like, has shown significant improvement as is some other categories such as brakes, lubricants, filters, and other maintenance-related categories. Its hard to predict future sales. But based on the steadiness of the comparable-store sales trend we experienced during the quarter, we feel the environment in our business is currently very stable.  While theres obviously no question that we had an economic headwind, we feel reasonably insulated due to consumer tendencies to defer purchasing new cars and maintain their cars better to maximize fuel mileage and also because of the non-discretionary nature of the majority of our business.  With all this considered, were providing comparable-store sales guidance for the third quarter and the remainder of the year of 2% to 4% for the OReilly stores, excluding CSK. We feel the slightly more conservative guidance is warranted with the 4.3% comparisons we have from third quarter last year as well as the continued economic headwinds. Three weeks into the quarter, were currently well within that range. For some time to come, well continue to report OReilly comparable-store sales standalone as well as our sales combined with the CSK stores we acquired on July 11th.  Considering the comparable-store sales performance of the CSK stores, which has been running in the negative-1% to 3% range since they reported their first quarter results, were providing combined Companys guidance as 0% to 2% comparable-store sales for the third quarter and for the year. As I think everyone would assume, much of our comparable-store sales performance in CSK depends on the pace at which were able to make modifications to their business model and proceed with the conversion process.  Ted Wise will be talking about the detail and timing of our plan more in a moment, but I want to simply outline that were extremely excited about the opportunity we have with the acquisition of CSK. We feel very fortunate to have the opportunity to combine the complimentary business model to CSK and OReilly, and well be working to put in place solutions to three primary areas that we feel will greatly enhance our performance in the CSK stores.  One: We would like to have a stronger distribution infrastructure in place. To be successful in our business, timely access to inventory is paramount. Well be working hard to add distribution infrastructure right away and to make more hard to find parts available quicker.  Two: The stores do not have the inventory coverage in the store that we feel they should have to compete in the various markets in which they do business. Well be working to expand coverage at the store level within an improved merchandise mix.  Three: Well be modifying the pricing strategy used at the stores. Well not elaborate much on that for competitive reasons, but I will say that the CSK strategy was much different than the strategy we use; and well be trying to apply a different strategy as we enhance the CSK [inaudible] availability.  As I mentioned, Ted will be providing a little more detail on our integration plans in his prepared comments in a moment. Now onto a little more detail about our second quarter performance. Our gross margin for the quarter came in at 45% of sales compared to 44.7% last year, a 30 basis point improvement. We attribute our continued gross margin improvements over the past several quarters to a combination of a good solid management of our distribution costs as well as our category management efforts.  We continue to see strong growth in some of our private-label product categories which we typically position as entry-level products. These products in most cases generate a higher gross margin percentage even though they sell for less than some of our premium branded products, and this was a positive contributor to our gross margin performance. The competitive pricing environment remains consistent and weve not noticed any major changes in the pricing strategy of any of our major competitors.  Operating expenses for the quarter increased 50 basis points to 32.5% of sales from 32% last year. This increase can be attributed to primarily to fuel costs, which have incrementally increased and increased depreciation due to the rollout of a new point of sales system and technology in our stores. These systems are contributing to improve levels of customer service as we continue to enhance them by adding content that is critical to helping our team members look up parts, suggest everything to our customers that is necessary to make the repair, and provide access to specifications and other information necessary to service the more technologically-oriented vehicles on the road today.  Operating margin came in at 12.5% of sales compared to 12.7% last year and net margin was 7.9% compared to 8.1% last year. During the quarter, we opened an additional 51 new stores, bringing our new store openings for the year to 88 stores. We ended the quarter 1,918 OReilly stores total, bringing our inventory investment $904 million, a 6% increase over second quarter last year, supported by 9.5% increase in sales. We continue to be very pleased with our ability to deploy the correct inventory in the various markets in which we open stores and do business in and rely on some very robust systems that we developed over the years.  Inventory turnover remained equal compared to last year at 1.6 times on a total asset basis; however, turnover net of payables improved to 3.1 times from 2.9 times second quarter last year due to our ongoing efforts to manage our payment terms with our merchandise vendors. Our accounts payable, as a percent of inventory, increased 310 basis points from 46.2% last year to 49.3% this year.  To summarize, were very encouraged by our performance in the second quarter. Our comparable-store sales trend has been very consistent over the past several weeks, and we feel that our sales performance in a tough environment is not only indicative of the strength of our somewhat unique business model, but at the culture under which Team OReilly does business. This culture emphasizes values like high levels of customer service, team work, and professionalism just to name a few.  Im also very proud of the quality of our sales growth. Were very disciplined in the manner in which we grow sales and were to insure our continued profitability. This is exemplified by our continuing gross margin improvements over the past several quarters.  July 11 marked a very important day in the history of OReilly Auto Parts. We completed the acquisition of CSK Auto, which we pursued for a long time. This acquisition will create very meaningful opportunities for our Company to expand the reach of our unique strategy for years to come. Every member of our management team has been extremely encouraged by the potential for growth well have as we establish the OReilly brand in the high levels of service that we provide our customers in all our new markets.  Were also very excited to have such a committed team in place at CSK that is operating the stores, distribution centers, and all the headquarters functions. Were looking forward to integrating our very complimentary business models and building the OReilly brand in all of the Western U.S. markets. Our combined team is a force to be reckoned with, and I again want to welcome our newest team members to Team OReilly and thank all of Team OReilly for their great job and for their hard work during the first half of the year. Ill now turn the call over to Ted Wise whos in Phoenix, so hell be participating remotely. Ted is our Chief Operating Officer. 
Ted Wise:  Ill quickly start with an update on our expansion for the year. We finished the quarter with a gain of 51 new stores, giving us 88 new stores for the first half of this year. Last quarters expansion pretty much mirrored the trend of the first quarter. Texas points again led with 10 new stores, putting us up to 18 Texas stores for this year [inaudible] Valley and the upper Midwest states were next in new store count. We had seven new stores in Ohio and five in Indiana. Both Ohio and Indiana are proving to be great expansion markets, and we have plenty of distribution capacity to handle this growth out of our Indianapolis DC.  We installed four new stores in South Carolina and three stores in Georgia, three in Mississippi, and three in Virginia. The balance of the 51 stores last quarter were spread out in 11 more states, again giving us a good balance of growth within our markets in our distribution centers.  As mentioned in our call last time, our new Lubbock, Texas, DC is scheduled to be opened in this fourth quarter. Lubbock will service a large group of existing OReilly stores in West Texas as well as the Texas and New Mexico Checker stores that we will be converting starting in December.  Were also starting to build out of our new distribution center in Greensboro, North Carolina. We have a goal of having it in operations during the second quarter of next year. The Greensboro Distribution Center will more efficiently service a number of stores currently be serviced out of our distribution centers in Knoxville and Atlanta, plus it will give us the ability to expand into markets in the Carolinas, Virginia, West Virginia, and the eastern part of Kentucky. Now in regard to relocation stores, we had two more stores moved last quarter bringing us to a total of 14 relocations for the year. In addition, our installation teams completed 20 store renovations for a total of 60 projects this year. Along with this, we completed another 60 interior upgrades, which gives us 145 for the year and just about finishes the storewide interior upgrade program weve been on for the last couple of years. Now to comment on the balance of the year: Our construction schedule is shaping up to have an additional 60 stores with the majority of them in the third quarter. We will finish with about 148 to 150 stores for the year. This will open up the fourth quarter for our expansion and insulation teams to focus on starting the merger of the CSK Checker and Murray store conversions.  Our new store growth will start back up in the first quarter of next year and we expect to have an expansion plan for another 145 to 150 stores, which a large percentage of them being in the northeast and southeast states.  Now to briefly discuss our CSK conversion plans: As I mentioned, this quarter we will start the phase one of the conversion of around 160 Checker stores. These stores are in our northern markets thats being serviced out of Bear, CSK, Minneapolis DC where we also have a DC. There will also be a large group of stores in West Texas and in New Mexico that will be serviced out of our Lubbock DC.  Following the changeovers of these 160 stores, they will receive nightly delivery service out of our Minnesota, Billings, and Lubbock Distribution Centers. They will receive inventory lists, new computer systems, and when there is an overlap with OReilly stores, the exterior signs will be changed to OReilly as soon as possible. At this point, out of the 160 stores, we think there will only be about 38 to 40 stores that are overlapping, and these are mainly in our northern stores and well either consolidate an OReilly store into a CSK building or CSK into a OReilly, depending on the situation. This phase is scheduled to be finished in early February. Now basically starting at the same time and following some minor work on our shipping lanes in our Indianapolis DC, we will start a second phase that will include approximately 60 Murray stores that are located n the Chicago and surrounding market areas. Our Indianapolis DC will service these stores on a nightly schedule and, like the 160 Checker stores, theyll have new inventory computer systems installed. We hope to have these 60 stores finished by the first part of March.  Then after taking the 60 stores that is being serviced from the CSK Detroit Distribution Center to Indianapolis, well approach the Chicago store. After the store conversion is over in Chicago, this will allow us to have the ability to start working on the Detroit DC as far as changing out their distribution system and the inventory. After thats finished, well be able to address the Detroit market which is another 90 Murray stores and change them to our systems and inventory. We hope to have this phase completed by the end of second quarter next year. The Detroit DC will then play a very important role, important role in the OReilly new store expansion growth in the Michigan, Western Ohio, and the eastern part of Pennsylvania.  In regard to the re-branding of these first Checker and Murray store changeover, tentative plans will be to co-brand advertising and marketing with OReilly as soon as possible. Following the conversions and depending on the OReilly store presence in the surrounding markets, we will address exterior signage changes. We want to be sure that our fully converted team members are trained on new systems and product lines prior to changing any exterior signage.  Now for the Southwest and West Coast conversions, which is obviously a work in a progress on these 1,000 approximately Checker, Schucks, and Kragen stores. We will start with line evaluations from a product line-up and then as quickly as possible product line changeovers in the stores and the two servicing distribution centers in Phoenix, Arizona, and Dixon, California.  Were presently evaluating the number and the locations of the additional distribution centers that will be needed to cover all market areas under our distribution model. Our goal obviously is to provide nightly stock replenishment and inventory availability of our stores as soon as possible. We believe it will take three and possibly a fourth distribution center along with their current distribution centers to provide this level of service and a distribution foundation to support the continued OReilly store expansion and dual market strategy on the West Coast.  Now in regard to store inventories, as Greg mentioned, we feel these stores currently are under inventory and our immediate plan is to evaluate all 1,000 stores and on a priority basis add the additional hard part coverage and mix that will allow us to grow both retail and installer sale. This is a line-by-line process and cannot happen overnight, but we will confident that as soon as we can make it happen, that the inventories will help see the sales grow at a nice level. Along with the inventory upgrades, we will also do an in depth market pricing evaluation to insure that all markets are competitive on both the retail and the wholesale side of the business.  Now in regard to branding of these West Coast stores, we feel that the CSK Schucks, Checkers, and Kragen brands are very good retail brands in their markets and it is critical that our plans carefully transfer this brand equity to the OReilly brand. Similar to the Chicago and Detroit markets, we will begin co-branding CSK brands and OReilly on all advertising and marketing and when it becomes obvious that we can consider going to the next step of changing exterior signs, again, it will be obvious and well set a plan out to make those conversions. We expect that this could take up to two years possibly to get to that point. Again, at this time, its really too early to forecast that.  I like to end with just a couple of comments on some meetings we had with the CSK Team. We are very excited about the auto parts experience and the tenure that we have found in the stores, the distribution centers, and the corporate departments. Prior to closing, and one of the very first things that we requested that we do, was to have meetings with all their store managers, district managers, regional managers, and distribution management. Jeff Shaw, our Senior VP of Sales; Tony Bartholomew, our VP of Sales; and Greg Johnson, VP of Distribution; and myself conducted over 16 group meetings in all the markets that took us about five weeks to get around to. It allowed us to meet and address in person the vast majority of their field management team. The meetings went great. We found a tremendous amount of enthusiasm for the merger of the two companies and our plan to implement our dual market sales strategy. Now Id like to close by thanking our OReilly Team for last quarters performance. We gave a challenge to our teams to raise their level of focus on sales and go to the next level of providing great customer service and growing market share. Though we always want and believe we can do better, considering the challenging market conditions that Greg described, we want to recognize and appreciate the hard work and commitment of our team for reaching the positive results that we had last quarter. Now Id like to turn it back to Tom. 
Tom McFall:  Moving on to the numbers, sales were up 9.5% to $704 million for the quarter, with a comparable-store sales increase of 3.4% for stores open greater than 12 months versus 2.0% comparable-store sales growth for the second quarter of 2007. Year-to-date sales increased 7.5% to $1.4 billion on comparable-store sales of 1.5% versus 4.3% in the prior year. Sales independent jobber, team members, and equipment sales, which are not included in our comparable store sales calculation, were $19.2 million for the second quarter of 2008, which was a decrease of $0.1 million in the same period last year.  Year-to-date, these non-comp, non-store sales were $35.4 million, down $1.3 million from the prior year. Gross profit for the quarter was 45.0% of sales versus 44.7% in the prior year. For the year, gross profit was 44.8% of sales versus 44.3% in the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to the mix of product and improved acquisition costs.  For the quarter, SG&A was 32.5% of sales versus 32.0% in the prior year. The deleverage was primarily the result of additional investments and store technology made in the third quarter of 2007, which is not anniversary, an increase in the cost of fuel relating to store level deliveries. For the year, SG&A was 32.8% of sales versus 31.7% in the prior year. The deleverage was the result of the higher depreciation expense, fuel costs, and decrease in the year-to-date comparable-store sales levels from 4.3% in 2007 to 1.5% in 2008.  Operating income for the quarter was 12.5% of sales versus 12.7% in the prior year. Year-to-date, operating income was 12% of sales versus 12.6% in the prior year. Tax provision for the quarter was 37.4% of pretax income versus 37.0% in the prior year. The year-to-date tax rate was 37.3% of sales compared to 37.1% in the prior year. The increase is due to certain state tax law changes that occurred in mid 2007.  Net income for the quarter $55.8 million versus $51.9 million in the prior year. The second quarter net income was 7.9% of sales as compared to 8.1% in the prior year. The year-to-date net income was $102 million, which was 7.6% of sales compared to 8.0% in the prior year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.48 per share, which is an increase of $0.03 over the prior year. Second quarter EPS is based on 116.5 million shares as compared to 116.1 million shares in the prior year. The year-to-date EPS was $0.88 per share, which is a penny increase over the prior year.  Moving on to the balance sheet, inventory was $904 million, up $51 million from June 2007. This represents a 6% increase over last year versus an 11% increase in store count over the same period. Total assets were $2.5 billion, a $278 million increase over June 2007. Accounts payable of $446 million was an increase of $52 million over June 2007, and AP to inventory increased from 46.2% to 49.3%, a strong 310 basis point improvement. The improvement was primarily driven by better vendor terms and improved leverage on inventory at the store level in the newer DCs.  Debt levels were $75 million at June 2008 versus $101 at the end of June 2007. During the second quarter, our $25 million private placement notes bearing 7.72% interest were repaid with cash on hand. On July 7th, we entered into a $1.2 billion ABL led by Bank of America and Lehman Brothers to finance the CSK transaction.  EBITDA for the quarter was $112 million, 15.9% of sales, versus the prior year $102 million 15.8% of sales.  Now on to some other metrics: Return on equity was 12.0% at end of the quarter. Return on assts 8.3% and return on invested capital 11.62%. For some other financial information, LIPO during the second quarter, the reserve increased by $8.2 million, bringing the increase of the reserve to $11.6 million year-to-date. Depreciation for the quarter was $22 million, $44 million year-to-date. Capital expenditures were $66 million for the quarter and $125 million year-to-date. Interest expense was $800,000 for the quarter and $2.2 million year-to-date. Due to the acquisition of CSK, these amounts are not indicative of the interest expense for the remainder of the year, which well talk about later. Stock option expense was $1.6 million for the quarter versus $1.5 million in the prior year. Year-to-date stock op expense was $2.9 million versus $2.7 million in 2007.  For the quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $97 million versus $63 million in the prior year. Free cash flow for the second quarter was $30 million versus a negative cash flow of $13 million in the prior year. For the year, cash flow from operating activities was $215 million, which was a 12% increase over the same period in 2007. Free cash flow year-to-date was $90 million, an increase of $39 million over the same period in 2007. These strong results are due to lower CapEx and improved AP to inventory ratios.  Moving on to our guidance, our guidance includes the acquisition of CSK on July 11th. Due to the recent consummation of this transaction, we will only be providing full year guidance at this time. Full year CapEx guidance is $285 to $300 million. This guidance is highly depending on finding suitable distribution centers to expand our distribution network. Delays in finding locations or changes in the lease-owned mix could reduce this level of investment. Deprecation is estimated $110 to $120 million. The tax rate is estimated at 37.4% to 37.7% of pretax income. Gross margin we estimate to be 45.3% o 45.9 % of sales on $3.55 billion to $3.65 billion of revenues. Our same-store sales guidance for the OReilly stores for the second of the year is 2% to 4% and 2% to 3% for the full year. Comp store guidance for the CSK stores for the second half of the year is negative-3% to negative-1%. On a combined Company-basis, our comp guidance is the same for both the full year and the second half of the year at 0% to 2%.  Moving on to diluted earnings per share, GAAP EPS for the full year 2008 was projected to be $1.50 to $1.54 per share. Excluding one-time charges related to the acquisition, what were calling adjusted EPS, were expecting earnings per share to be $1.57 to $1.61. Included in the adjusted EPS is an estimate of $3.2 million for non-cash amortization related to long-lived intangibles identified as part of the purchase price allocation. It should be noted that this is an estimate and is subject to potentially significant adjustments based on the valuation of purchase price allocation work.  For 2008, we expect the acquisition to be dilutive by approximately $0.15. However, we continue to expect the acquisition to be slightly accretive to earnings per share in 2009 and to realize ongoing synergies of $100 million annually beginning in 2010. Were working very hard on finalizing our integration plan. However, with only having full access to all of CSKs product information and team members for the past 11 days, itd be premature to give more guidance on synergies at this point. When the time is appropriate, we will share more detailed information on our planned synergies. So if you could avoid asking questions related to the specific of synergies today, we would appreciate it. At this time, Id like to ask, Terry, the operator, to come back, and well be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Cumberland  Robert W. Baird & Co. 
David Cumberland  Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Within your guidance of delusion this year, to what extent does that reflect incremental costs related to the integration?
Tom Wise:  Were going to focus on their cost structure is a big opportunity we feel for us. That would include all the costs we expect to incur through the end of the year for integration. To talk about the specifics would probably be premature at this point.
David Cumberland  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Then on the timing of the three to four DCs that could add in the Western U.S., what is the potential timing for that rollout?
Greg Henslee :  David, were currently looking for real estate and, again, we havent got far enough to know even whether well end up owning the real estate or leasing it. We have a couple of markets some good prospects, but weve got people today working on that, and I would estimate, and again it depends on the situation with the building that we get, but by the end of 010 we should be in a point that we would be open there, maybe mid 010, depending on the facility. It really depends a lot on the real estate and what work has to be done inside the building from a material handling and storage perspective, but hopefully by the end of 010 we would be in a real strong distribution position there. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia  William Blair & Company.
Sharon Zackfia  William Blair & Company:  I appreciate that you just closed on CSK so a lot of these things are probably influx, but I think Ted was talking about the inventory changes on the West Coast and the pricing strategy and that youd do that line item by, or line-by-line as soon as you could. Is there a point where we can is it first quarter of next year where we would expect everything to be done? I understand its a transition, but is there something we can think of as a line in the sand where the West Coast is better priced and has a better inventory mix at least for the do-it-yourself segment?
Greg Henslee:  Well, Sharon, it happens in layers and a lot of it depends on decisions that have not yet been made relative to products that will be carried on the West Coast from a product line perspective. But let me say this and see if this maybe helps clarify what our general plan is and that is: The stores to which we have current distribution reach, as we convert them, these will be full conversions. They will be converted over to our merchandise and our pricing and our strategy and our systems. They will be OReilly stores.  If you walked into one of them, it would feel just like an independent store that we might buy today that had been converted to OReilly. The West Coast stores to which we dont have distribution reach, those stores will be as product line change decisions are made, those will be changed one line at a time, and that takes time to move through that whole process one line at a time through all their distribution centers and all the stores takes time. I really dont even have a good estimate of the amount of time, but I can tell you that it would run well into the end of next year at least.  But in the meantime, well enhance the existing inventories they have with some of the strategic products that we see are necessary to be successful on both sides of the business. In many cases, these are private label price sensitive-type products that we feel that theyre not positioned as they should be. Coinciding with the process of adding these products and the evaluation of the product lines and the timing relative to changeovers, well make the decision by product line as to what pricing position we should take either before or after the changeover. But in the near future, right away, well begin making price changes to lines that we view as key from a price perception standpoint, especially in a more challenging economy that were in today.
Sharon Zackfia  William Blair & Company:  Then secondarily, it was encouraging to hear you talk about some of the more discretionary products picking up like the air conditioning and so on, is that still a drag on comp? Im assuming its still helping at a less robust rate than the consolidated comp. Then secondarily, were not hearing a lot out there about consumers feeling better, so what is your anecdotal thought as to why youre starting to see a pickup in some of these items that maybe could be differed a bit longer?
Gary Henslee:  Well, I think in for instance air conditioning where we ran negative as a category for some quarters, negative from comp-store sales perspective, and still if I was to speak specifically to air conditioning, I would tell you that it doesnt, its not running as well as our overall comp and so its a little bit of a drag on comps, but its so much better than it was. My perception of that is that consumers have deferred things like air conditioning repair and maybe the economic stimulus package that Federal Government provided helped some, but weve seen an improvement there.  Just the general attitude and comments by some of our star customers and our people in the field is that some of the things that they feel like have been deferred are now starting to come to fruition a little bit or theyre starting to make repairs and our maintenance categories. I mentioned brakes and lubricants and oils and things like that, those categories, while they werent performing as poorly maybe as air conditioning, but theyre performing better. Those are just indications to me that maybe were on the front end of many families adjusting to the higher price of fuel and maybe building it into their budgets a little bit better.
Sharon Zackfia  William Blair & Company:  Have you seen those improvements pretty broadly across your store portfolio?
Greg Henslee:  Yes, by category actually didnt look at it as closely as I could have by region, I know our comparable-store sales by region, while it varies depending on the region and some of the things weve done there, for instance, some of our northern regions are doing real well right now as weve really gotten traction following our Midwest acquisition and the opening of our distribution center up there. Maybe some of the southern regions arent doing quite as good as we continue to deal with some of the changes that happen down there following the hurricanes from years back and just the general, maybe a more depressed economy in some of those markets. But I really dont have any specific comment relative to categories by region.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets:  Now that you have had CSK stores at least for a few days here and it sounds like Teds been out in the stores and some of the team, can you just give us your assessment regarding the CSK stores, the condition of them? Theyve been [inaudible] capital for a while, so Im just wondering what you think of the store-base at this point?
Greg Henslee:  My assessment would be that the stores are in pretty good shape from a fixture standpoint and just the appearance of the store. Theres typically some minor things that we would do to maintain the stores being in a better capital position than maybe CSK has. The biggest issue from my perspective that impacts their business is that they, some of the stores, not all of the stores, but some of the stores are in a pretty good inventory position from a SKU count perspective.  But many of the stores are not in as a competitive position as we would like from a SKU count perspective, some stores may just have say 12,000 to 14,000 SKUs and have an AutoZone across the street with 19,000 or 20,000. As I think Larry Mondry had spoke of, one of the things that he had done is the new CEO there was test it, putting more inventory in some of the stores to see what that would do to sales.  Of course, it does positively affect sales as many of us that have been in the business for a long time have learned over the years. One of the things that well be looking at first is making the correct inventory investments in those stores to drive sales. But if I was to speak of anything that I feel has been maybe neglected due to lack of capital, it would be the inventory. 
Ted Wise:  Well just from a physical aspect, the stores look fine. Out front their merchandising plan, their well kept. Theyre sharp looking retail stores. To Gregs point, once you go behind the counter, you realize that in a majority of the stores that over time they pulled down the inventory on hard parts where theyre just not competitive from just an in-stock situation. Then obviously out front, their plan-o-grams, I think they look good, but they certainly need refreshing.  So over time and as quick as possible, were going to improve the backroom. Well go through a total remerchandising out front. Theyve had a tendency I think to add in a lot of import stuff, containers of old just like little motorcycles and things like that for large ticket sales, so well transition back to a more auto parts mix certainly in the backroom. From a stacking standpoint, again, I was really surprised with the tenure they have, folks that have been with the company forever out in the stores.  Their staffing is lean right now because theyve obviously with sales, theyve shortened up their staffing to where their service levels, in talking with some in the field op people, they need to be enhanced and improved. So again, with the inventory with the better pricing and with staffing the stores to handle the business, we should really see some nice increase in store volume so
Scott Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: Related to that, how quickly do you expect to rollout commercial sales desks to the CSK stores? Obviously, I forgot the percentage, but I know they only have commercial desks in I think a little over half of their stores. 
Ted Wise:  Honestly where they have commercial sales desk and theyve committed the inventory, they do a real nice volume with the installer business. So currently were evaluating, were having their field op people come back to us with prioritized where they feel like commercial sales should be rolled out. Again, the use of capital for them, it would take additional inventory, additional trucks and so they handcuffed themselves. They knew there was a number of markets that should have commercial sales, so well address those first and then as time goes on and we get the inventories upgraded in the stores, well be more aggressive at rolling out trucks.  I dont expect that in some of the metro markets they operate in, their stores are pretty close from a retail standpoint and theyll be probably a percentage of stores that we may elect not to role commercial sales out because it just makes sense to have one big commercial store and then a couple retail stores around it. But again, that wont be very many stores, so we hope to have commercial sales in the stores as we open up the distribution centers for sure, within the next year or two. But again, the priorities one, were going to make them our highest priority and address those in the next six to eight months at a minimum. 
Scott Ciccarelli  RBC Capital Markets: So just to be clear, the rollout of these desks will wind up mirroring the rollout of a DC network?
Ted Wise:  Not totally, again, weve prioritized the stores that we know are just absolutely great installer markets and well address those within Well were working on them right now, but wed hope to have some additional commercial stores. They call them CAM Centers. We call them Installer Service Centers. Well have those out as soon as possible and then well address all the stores in total as we roll out the distribution centers or increase the hub that can service the installer stores with availability of inventory. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mike Baker  Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Michael Baker  Deutsche Bank Securities :  Not to get too specific on the synergies, but Im wondering if that includes any pay down of debt and therefore the interest expense will go up originally but then I presume youll be able to pay down some debt and then take down the interest expense run rate that CSK has been running with, if you could comment on that.  So youve talked about potentially $285 to $300 million in CapEx this year because of some new DCs. How much does these three to four DCs, how much do each of them usually cost in terms of CapEx and then from that we can back into understanding that it could change, but what the going plan is for new DCs in 2008? 
Tom McFall:  Yes, Mike, the synergies would be excluding interest. Well project interest based on our current deal. To your point, we will work very hard on reducing that amount and reducing the interest drag in our earnings.
Greg Henslee:  Mike, the DCs, it varies of course depending on the square footage and the condition of the distribution center and whether its a lease or buy, but somewhere in the $20 to $40 million range of DCs, something like that would be close. If theyre larger than that, it could be a little more than that, but that would be a range.
Michael Baker  Deutsche Bank Securities : So within a $285 to $300 million CapEx plan, this year, is that about two of those DCs at that cost?
Gary Henslee:  We wont be able to complete any DCs this year. It would be probably a cost of one. If we could fine two to buy, then we would have to fix. Thats whats in our plan right now. One more comment on the DCs, the costs vary a lot depending on the location, but also the size. Our DCs range in size from a little over 100,000 to 500,000 square feet and how big they are is based on a formula we use as how many square feet we need per store, so that also drives the number.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Collin McGranahan.
Colin McGranahan:  I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on Mikes question on CapEx and maybe approach it a little bit of a different way. It looks like the incremental CapEx this year is going to be in maybe in the range of $60 million. You were at $220/$230 before, now $285 to $300 and youre going to be converting something like 200 stores through early March next year and working on some DCs so. If you take the incremental CapEx and divide by those stores, you work out at something like $270,000 per store all in conversion costs. So for the new store systems, the signage, and that portion of the stores DC. Does that make sense? Is that the way we should think about incremental CapEx going forward as you tackle the rest of the CSK store-base. Then additionally just on inventory per store, whats the per unit I know it varies dramatically by store, but on average, what do you think is a per unit investment in inventory will be?
Tom McFall:  On the CapEx, hard to say what to convert a store is. Theyre across the board, depends on the layout of the store, what type of fixtures are in the store, how old the store is, but our estimate right now is that on a per store basis, the average cost to convert will be $100,000. On top of that, we have distribution costs as we expand the distribution and then we have IT infrastructure costs that also have to be born and in addition, we run our own trucks as opposed to CSK which outsources their DC to store deliveries, so those items are all in there. Your second question on the inventory, as you said, we look at the store-by-store and vehicle registrations and sales history by store. The best thing I can point to you is look at our average inventory per store and look at CSKs average inventory pre store historically and that difference is probably what we need. Now that doesnt all go in the store, some of that goes in the supporting distribution centers, but that should give you a general idea.
Colin McGranahan:   Just to clarify, the $100k is just the cost of the store, youre saying the IT, the DC, and trucks is incremental to that $100k?
Tom McFall:
Colin McGranahan: Then just more broadly and I was looking at the miles driven trend and its the worse trend weve seen probably since the 1970s. Your business seems pretty consistent. How do you reconcile those two and how do you think about miles driven today in terms of any leading indictor for where demand is going?
Greg Henslee:  Well, the information, we get, Colin, is a little bit delayed on miles driven. Its been relatively soft this year and that obviously isnt a macro driver for our business. For us, our attack in each market is to try and take as much market share as possibly can. The positive thinker of this is that the age of vehicles is increasing because of new car sales being down, so that creates more demand for each vehicle, for each mile its driven by these vehicles, so thats a driver. As technology has changed on these vehicles, theyre as I mentioned before several times, these vehicles are able to be driven at very high mileages yet they require maintenance.  Some of the maintenance at higher mileage while the drive trans and interiors and exteriors of the cars are good or emission systems and ignition systems which contain components that can be relatively expense, but once replaced, put the car in a good position to go a long way. So to me, I feel like that theres some mitigating effect of the softness in the miles driven relative to the age of the vehicles and the fact that most consumers are driven to try and keep their cars in good running order to maximize their fuel mileage.
Tom McFall:  Colin, one follow-up answer to your CapEx is our incremental CapEx over previous guidance also includes maintenance CapEx for the CSK stores.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alan Ritkin  Merrill Lynch.
Alan Ritkin  Merrill Lynch :  You hit your numbers in the second quarter both with respect to earnings and comp, top line revenues are a little bit better than we expected and it looks like on a sequential basis, new [inaudible] productivity actually improved. Youre also saying that the performance of discretionary parts are getting better and even as we look at miles driven comparing lets say April to March, while its not ideal, it certainly improved on a sequential basis. What exactly are you seeing going forward thats causing you to be a little bit more cautious on the core OReilly stores in the second half of this year?
Gary Henslee:  Well, one is, as I mentioned, just the continued economic headwind thats talked about so often, and we see it. Im hopeful that that continues to improve or starts improving from some peoples perspective. Again, our prospective has been that there has been some improvement. Additionally, with the tougher comparison third quarter this year to last year was the 4.3% performance last year, those things combined, also just, and this is just a comment, but with our performance in the second quarter of 3.4% being in the middle of the 2% to 4% guidance, and that trend continuing, we just felt it was prudent to go ahead and maybe softness our guidance a little bit 2% to 4%. I can tell you right now, were well in that guidance. My hope is that we are being too conservative relative to our comparable-store sales guidance. But based on what we know today and the factories that I just stated, we feel like thats the correct guidance at this time.
Alan Ritkin  Merrill Lynch : With respect to CSK, it certainly sounds like the first two phases obviously are going to be focused on stores that are currently supported by your existing DC infrastructure. Would you say at least for the next 12 months that the integration risks are probably less so than what is ahead of in the second half of 09 and 010?
Greg Henslee:  To me, the integration risk for the overall company is present regardless of where we start first. I think the stores that we are going to convert right off the bat here, I think were really good at doing these types of conversions, these whole store conversions. Part of our expansion plan, Alan, has been to buy individual independent owned part stores. The teams that we have do this, know what they doing; they can do it very quickly and those are the teams that were going to have go out and convert these stores. Because we have distribution to these stores, our business model works perfectly for these stores. So yes, theres a very low risk that we wont be successful in converting those stores.  Now on the other hand, when you look at lets say 1,000 stores that are left on the West Coast to which we dont have as solid a distribution as we would like, to me once we have that distribution in place, the risk of our ability to execute the business model is very low. Weve done this for a long, long time and we do it today with over 1,900 stores and were very confident that the business model will work in those markets. Its just a matter of getting us in a position to where we can execute it. Yes, it takes more time, so theres more time involved in the conversions out there. But I think at the end of the day, what well end up with is a store that is as supportive and operates exactly as the stores that will convert where currently have distribution rates.
Alan Ritkin  Merrill Lynch : Ted, we appreciate all the color that you gave on the integration, but is there any preliminary number that maybe you can shed some light on with respect to potential EBITDA margins at the CSK stores lets say in 2010 relative to where they are now?
Tom McFall:  Were not prepared to give 2010 guidance. As I mentioned earlier, we have a lot of work to do to finalize our integration plan and itd be premature to give out that information, but I would like to answer a comment that was embedded in yours are new store productivity. Over the last three quarters, weve been somewhat uncertain why the community looked at our new store productivity with such a fluctuating variations on a quarter-to-quarter basis when we didnt see it with all the detailed information. So we pulled a few of our analysts to look at their calculations and see why when we look at the actual detailed information, were not getting the same reading that you are.  The two comments or the way it looks like most of the outside world is looking at our new store productivity is, one, square footage is not as good a measure to use as units. Although, our square footage does vary, especially when we take on existing space, the economics of having a slightly larger smaller store or a much larger store, if we find 14,000 square feet that are at the right rent rate to make our model work, dont significantly change our operating cost, especially when you consider the biggest operating cost at a store level is payroll. So our first suggestion would be to use units.  The second item would be to make sure that youre excluding the non- store, non-comp sales, those team member independent jobber in equipment sales. When we look back historically, we started to disclose that middle of last year, so well do a supplemental disclosure here in our upcoming queue is give you the information further back to look at and that although not a huge percentage of our overall company sales and that quarter of our company affects that non-comp number quite a bit.  Especially if you look historically, when we bought Midwest, they have a tremendous amount of independent jobber business, which weve talked about that a third of it we bought the stores, a third of it we still service and a third of it elected to have somebody else servicing them who werent competing against them, so that historically has created quite a bit of variation in the numbers. But when we look back and we look at the detail, the heart of what Im saying is, over the last three quarters, although it looks like a lot better this quarter from the way historically analysts have done it, it looks pretty consistence to us and again with the acceptable and historic ranges of what we see.
Operator:  We have reached the allotted time for todays call.
Greg Henslee:  I would just like to thank everyone for their time and attendance on the call this morning. Were very excited about this acquisition with CSK and the combination of the two companies. As weve outlined, we have some short-term plans and some longer term plans to make these conversions and integrations. As we proceed, well be reporting on our success with that to the extent that we, as we get stores converted and we have enough time to start measuring the results, well report the results of those stores that have been converted.  So we can express our success with those conversions to help you in building your models and evaluating the potential for our Company into 2010 and beyond. So thank you very much, and well look forward to talking to you following our third quarter performance.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Alicia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome to the O'Reilly Automotive First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall, CFO of O'Reilly Auto Parts. Sir, you may begin.
Tom McFall: Thank you, Alicia. Good morning everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO I'd like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, belief, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within the press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements discussing among other things expected growth, store development and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factor section of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 for more details. At this time, I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee: Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2008 conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer; David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman is also present. I'd like to start off our call today by thanking all members of team O'Reilly for their commitment to our culture values and for the great levels of customer service we work so hard to provide. Our success happens one customer at a time, and I know that every member of team O'Reilly makes customer service their top priority, and I want to thank everyone for their efforts in the first quarter. Now, onto our first quarter performance. When we had our year end conference call in mid-February, we were on a comparable store sales trend just better than the 2.1% comparable stores sales rate at which we finished the fourth quarter. At that time, we provided comparable store sales guidance in the 1% to 3% range to reflect the trend we were on which we felt it would likely continue through March. March turned out to be very sluggish, resulting in a negative 0.4% comparable store sales for the quarter. A couple of factors that we feel contributed to the softer comparable stores sales in the quarter, and especially March are the strong 6.8% comparable store sales comparisons we had from first quarter of last year with March being the strongest month of the three. Last year, our sales performance was enhanced by favorable early spring weather. The positive effect from the change made to the starting day at daylight savings time and the timing of the Easter holiday. As with other retail factors, our industry continues to feel the negative affect, higher fuel price is having on consumers. We continue to hear from our professional installer customers that there is a lot of vehicle maintenance that is being deferred and then many customers are doing the bare minimum to keep their vehicles roadworthy. I don't think anyone questions that most consumers are under a lot of financial pressure with higher fuel prices, not only hitting them hard at the pump, but also causing inflation of food prices and other consumable goods. Our customers are having to make tough decisions about vehicle maintenance and repair, and we continue to see some of our lower priced private label entry level products growing faster than our premium branded products. Consumers frequently are making the choice to save a little now as opposed to paying for a premium product that would last longer and perform better. In the first quarter, we had a very significant swing in the performance of some of our product categories as compared to others. For example, the battery category performed very well with double-digit comparable store sales. While temperature control, air conditioning and heater parts performed very poorly with double-digit negative comp store sales decline. I attribute this to a combination of the significant difference in the weather we've had so far this spring compared to last year. This year being much colder with spring arriving later in most markets as compared to last year. But also to the deferral mentality into which many customers currently are forced. If one car won't start, it needs a battery; the only options are park the car and not drive it or replace the battery; whereas if the air conditioner or heater is not working correctly, the car can still be driven and the repair deferred. Evidence of the stress, consumers are under is also indicated by the tendency of vehicle owners to keep their cars longer with the average age of the vehicles on the road at record high. In the long run, this is obviously a favorable trend for the automotive after market. And while miles driven were slightly down in '07 to 3.003 trillion miles compared to a record high of 3.014 trillion in '06. We continue to feel strongly that we'll eventually benefit from the release of some of the pent-up demand that has been created over the past couple of years as households have continued to struggle to adjust the higher cost of fuel into their budgets. More obviously, not pleased with our comparable store sales performance in the first quarter and especially for the month of March. It's very clear that the very challenging economy in which we currently operate is putting a lot of pressure on our customers. However, we remain optimistic on our ability to grow comparable store sales in the second quarter and for the year. As we've mentioned before we feel very strongly that over time this deferral of maintenance and repair creating pent-up demand will begin to release. With three weeks to the second quarter behind us, our comparable store sales has significantly improved as compared to our performance in March and the first quarter. Spring is finally arriving in most of our markets and business is incrementally picking up as it does every year with the initial onset of spring. Based on our performance so far this quarter as well as softer comparisons to 2.0% comp store sales growth last year which softened towards the end of the quarter which is typically the highest volume portion of the second quarter, we're providing comparable stores sale guidance of 3% to 5% for the quarter and for the remainder of the year. With three weeks behind us, we're currently comping in that range for the quarter. We continue to feel very strongly about the advantages of our dual market strategy, our strong distribution network and our unparalleled access to the parts our customers need to keep their cars and trucks on the road. Our business mix has been right at 50% retail do-it-yourself and 50% wholesale do-it-for-me for a long time now, with the first quarter finishing up right at 50-50. While we don't disclose our comparable store sales in each our business segments, I can tell you that our perception has been that the retail do-it-yourself side of our business seems to have been more negatively affected by this challenging economy. We assume this due to the fact that many of our DIY customers work on their own cars out of economic necessity, while a portion of our do-it-for-me business comes from customers who have the ability to do the work themselves, but have the option financially to have a professional technician do to work for them. This is very clearly indicated by our comparable store sales performance in the first quarter with our commercial comps finishing up well into our comparable store sales guidance range and our DIY comps finishing up negative. Now, onto some more details about our first quarter performance. Our gross margin for the quarter came in at 44.6% of sales compared to 43.9% last year, a 70 basis point improvement. We attribute our improvement in gross margin to our mix of business with growth on our private label offering serving as a contributor. We also continue to work on improving our acquisition costs and in managing our selling prices to be competitive yet yield a solid gross margin and are comfortable with our gross margin forecast for the year in the 44.4% to 44.7% range. Competitor pricing on both the retail and wholesale sides of our business, remains relatively rational with no material changes to report in the first quarter. Operating expenses for the quarter increased a 190 basis point to 33.2% of sales from 31.3% last year. This increase is primarily attributed to the loss of leverage with a negative 0.4% comparable store sales compared with a 6.8% increase we achieved last year. On a per first store basis our store operations team did an excellent job of managing payroll in a tough environment. Our company is geared for growth and while its difficult for us to quickly adjust to abrupt swings in our business in many areas of our operation, I think we've come a long way in the past six months in dialing in and on the methods by which we manage our store payroll expense and our ability to forecast our staffing needs. Ted will be providing more detail on some our efforts in this area in a moment. As a result of the decrease in leverage, our operating income came in at 11.5% of sales compared to 12.6% in the first quarter of last year. During the quarter we opened an additional 37 new stores bringing in our store count to 1,867 stores. These additions brought our inventory investment to $893 million, an 8.2% increase supported by a 5.4% increase in sales and a 10.7% increase in store count. Inventory turnover, remained equal to last year at 1.6 times and our turnover net of payables improved from 2.8 times to 3.0 times, as we continue to pursue mutually beneficial relationships with our vendors and to negotiate the best possible payment terms. Our accounts payable, as a percent of inventory improved a 160 basis points from 45.1% last year to 46.7 % this year. To summarize, we continue to work on improving the execution of our dual market strategy, as we plan the acquisition of CSK Auto. This is a very exciting time for team O'Reilly as we start making plans for the combined companies. Over the past few weeks we have done much exploration and planning and there is still a lot to do, before we are ready to talk publicly about more detailed integration plans, but I can tell you that we've been very excited and encouraged by the quality of the CSK Auto team and the prospects of the combined companies, as we work to expand our dual market strategy coast-to-coast. While there is a long list of things, we need to do to integrate CSK over the next couple of years, following is a short list of things we will focus on first. People, we feel there is a great team currently in place at CSK, and we are looking forward to combining forces to provide the CSK store teams the tools they need to be successful. Making sure we clearly outline the way we do business and the success we've had with our dual market strategy and the culture that's driven that success is key. Systems, for us to execute our strategy we have to have tightly integrated systems in place to manage distribution, inventory deployment, pricing, our commercial strategies and a long list of other needs. Systems integration will be a primary initial focus. Distribution, I don't think its any secret that one of the keys to our past success is our ability to put inventory in our customers' hands quicker than our competitors. CSK's distribution strategy differ significantly from ours and we will be working to beef up the distribution network in order to put us in a position to further penetrate the commercial side of the business and being much more competitive on the retail side. Inventory, having the right products in the right place is one of the fundamental keys to performance in our business. We feel we've developed excellent systems over the years to manage our inventories and we are looking forward to further leveraging these systems as we integrate CSK. Key areas of focus will be evaluation of the coverage needed to service the vehicle population in the various markets. Good, better, best philosophy and the evaluation of the products, the product brands necessary to maintain and grow the retail business while further penetrating the commercial business. Brand and store display design over time, we'll evaluate the effectiveness of the four store brands currently used by CSK. Our goal will be to evaluate a possible re-brand of these stores to O'Reilly as we freshen up the store appearance and stream line the display merchandize in order to enable a national brand platform. This short list is just touching on the high points as we begin the work of developing a detailed step-by-step plan to combine the two companies. Our management team is thoroughly excited about this opportunity and is working diligently to outline very specific plans to leverage the best of both companies into one national force. As we've announced at the end of last week, we were able to get early HSR approval and are moving forward with the required filings to close this transaction this summer. I would like to again mention that we continue to believe that the macro economic conditions continue to drive many consumers to defer some of the vehicle maintenance items that can be deferred and we continue to feel confident that we'll eventually benefit from the pent-up demand that is being created. Our team believes very strongly in our culture and our strategy and I want to once again thank every member of team O'Reilly for their hard work and for their dedication to the success of our company. We are looking forward to a solid second quarter performance and a strong second half to 2008. I will now turn the call over the Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer.
Ted Wise: Thanks Greg. Now to quickly review the status of our new store schedule. We did complete installation of 37 new locations in the first quarter. These stores were distributed over 18 states, once again Texas led with 8 stores, South Carolina and Georgia had 4 stores and the balance of the 21 stores were distributed in the 15 additional state. Servicing our stores from our 14 strategically located distribution centers, allow our expansion to be evenly spread across the company, and provide our store sales and operations' teams the time and ability to better prepare for staffing and entry into each market. The Atlanta, Indianapolis and St. Paul, Minneapolis DCs continue to have plenty of expansion capacity for our future growth in the upper Midwest and Southeast parts of the country. As previously announced, we are opening our new Lubbock distribution center in Lubbock, Texas this October, which will support our growth further into West Texas, New Mexico and Southern California. Now with the addition of CSK stores, currently located in these markets, the Lubbock DC will open supporting a larger group of stores than previously planned which will give us good expense leverage for the DC and most importantly improve inventory in service levels for this group of CSK store. We are also in the process of closing the purchase of a 300,000 square feet distribution center located in Greensboro, North Carolina. This is a new building but we are acquiring an extensive interior build out and our tentative plans call for an opening date of second quarter next year. This North Carolina DC will provide the much needed relief for our Knoxville DC as well as redirecting some of our current and longer and much higher cost throughouts from a service standpoint out of our Atlanta DC. The addition of this distribution centre will not only allow for us to more efficiently service our existing stores but we will open up continued expansion opportunities into Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia. In addition to the 37 new stores, we relocated 12 stores into new buildings during the first quarter and completed 40 store renovations. We also installed another 85 store interior dcor packages which brings us very close to completing this company wide project which was basically a restriping just basically a refreshing of the interior dcor package for the entire company. In the second quarter, we have 58 to 60 planned new store openings which will bring us to over 95 stores for the year. This relatively aggressive schedule in the first half of the year is related to our previous goal of opening 205 new stores for the year which will be adjusted back to 140 to 150 new stores with the CSK acquisition. We are in the very preliminary planning stages with CSK integration, but obviously our installation teams will be involved in the conversion activities staring with the CSK stores, and existing, and adjacent markets. We will continue to evaluate our extension plans within our existing footprint, and while we haven't determined that number we expect it will be in the range of 150 stores in 2009 and then start ranking back up in 2010. In regards to the sales results for this past quarter, while the results were disappointing we can honestly say that was not due to our lack of effort and overall execution of our dual market strategy programs by our sales team. We obviously began this year knowing that we were going to be faced with tough comparisons, especially in the first quarter. Our stores focused on giving the best customer service to both our retail and first call installer customers. And we are proud of the efforts that were made in the first quarter. Our company objective is to do everything possible to grow profitable business. As Greg, outlined higher fuel costs, along with the consumer uncertainty and the challenging economic conditions resulted in many DIY purchases and repairs for do-it-for-me customers being deferred. I want to thank our entire O'Reilly team for their commitment to customer service, and we are confident through our hard work and commitment to great customer relations. We will be able continue to improve the sales trends we've seen so far in the second quarter. With regard to expense management, increased emphasis and evaluation of our controllable expenses have been implemented throughout the entire company, particularly in payroll and staffing management. Our dual market business model is based on higher service levels which require a higher ratio of full-time to part-time team members. This makes it much more difficult to manage payroll in sudden or short-term business swings, and typically any extra-time in the schedule is allocated to making additional sales calls, in-store training and to step-up current service levels to expand our customer base. This staffing philosophy has been the key to our past comparable store sales growth; with the ability to give the best customer service in our markets. We do realize additional opportunities for adding part-time team members to the staffing model, to support the retail hours and give us more flexibility in scheduling for both slow and busy times, while providing a stable schedule for full-time team members. This past quarter we expected a challenging payroll situation with comparisons to the 6.8 comps we achieved last year. Our store management team reacted accordingly, and maintained good control of labor cost. The result was a reduction in the average per store per day payroll dollars of 3.5%. Obviously, this wasn't enough to offset the difference in our comparable stores sales compared to first quarter of last year, but did make a material difference. Our new scheduling system is providing... proving to be a great tool to provide our managers the information and sales forecast necessary to help make the best scheduling decisions possible; and to manage store productivity. In addition, we are implementing an enhanced payroll reporting tool to better inform district managers on a more timely basis. We continue to evaluate each individual market, and the level competition to create a staffing strategy that will support the ongoing sales growth opportunities in each market. As announced recently we completed the installation of our new Infinity part system, our POS system towards the end of the last year and we are receiving very positive comments from the field in terms of ease of use, and especially for training our new parts specialists. The new graphical system gives us the ability to introduce sales tools by product images, specifications and diagrams. We are currently enhancing this POS system with a new related sales tool, which will automatically displace specific related sales items on the lookup and seamlessly add these additional related sales to the invoice, are intended obviously to drive more related sales, and provide the training to our team members to help customers from a service perspective and make sure they read the store everything they need to properly do the repair. We hope to have this new application tested and rolled after the stores in the third quarter of this year. We continue to look for additional enhancements to this system that will improve team member productivity and customer service levels. In closing, I would like to say thank you to team O'Reilly. We're very excited and motivated by the upcoming acquisition of CSK and look forward to the integration of our business plan and O'Reilly culture with CSK team. We do however, realize this throughout the transition that our existing store base must continue to be aggressive and grow sales and profit, and we will require an ongoing commitment from all of our team O'Reilly. With this, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Tom McFall: Thanks Ted. Moving onto the numbers. Sales were up 5.4% to $646 million for the quarter for the comparable store sales decrease of 0.4% for stores open greater than 12 months versus 6% to 8% comparable store growth for the first quarter of 2007. Sales to independent jobbers, team members and equipment sales which are not included in our comparable stores sales calculation were $15.2 million for the first quarter of 2008, which was a decrease of $1.2 million from the prior year; a 6.9% decrease. Gross profits was 44.6% of sales for the quarter versus 43.9% in the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to mix of products and improved acquisition cost. SG&A for the quarter was 33.2% of sales versus 31.3% in the prior year. The deleverage was a result of significantly lower comparable stores sales results and the additional investments in new store technology made in the third quarter of 2007, which will anniversary in the third quarter this year. To illustrate the deleverage impact sales had on SG&A, if comparable store sales would have been 1% the bottom end of our comp guidance, SG&A as a percent of sales would have been 32.8%. The accounts would have been 2%, SG&A would have been 32.5% of sales; and accounts would have been 3%, the top end of comp guidance SG&A would have been 32.2% sales. Operating income for the quarter was 11.5% of sales versus 12.6% in the prior year. The tax provision was 37.14% of pre-tax income for the quarter versus 37.28% in the prior year. Net income for the quarter was $46.3 million versus $48.4 million in the prior year. For the first quarter, net income was 7.2% of sales as compared to 7.9% in the prior year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.40 per share, which was $0.02 decrease from the prior year. First quarter 2008 EPS is based on a 116.3 million shares as compared to 115.4 million shares in the prior year. Moving onto the balance sheet, inventory was $893 million, up $67 million from March 2007. This represents an 8% increase over last year versus 11% increase in store count over the same period. Total assets were $2.4 billion, a $304 million increase from March 2007; the increase is due to growth in fixed assets of $195 million, inventory related to store and distribution center growth of $67 million and an increase in cash and investments in CSK stock of $44 million. Accounts payable of $417 million was an increase of $45 million over March 2007. AP to inventory of 46.7% increased to 160 basis points from 45.1 % at March 2007. AP to inventory ratio was positively impacted by better vendor terms and improved leverage of the inventory store level in the newer DCs. Debts levels were $100 million at the end of the March, 2008 versus of $101 million at the end of March, 2007 with the decrease attributable to capital leases. During the second quarter $25 million of private placement notes carried interest at 7.72% will become due; we plan to redeem these notes with cash-on-hand. EBITDA for the quarter was $97 million, 14.9% of sales versus prior of $95 million, 15.6% of sales. Two other performance ratios, return on equity was 12.2% at the end of the quarter, return on assets 8.4% and return on invested capital 11.7%. For some other financial information, during the first quarter the reserve for LIFO increased by $3.5 million versus a $0.4 million increase in the first quarter of 2007. Depreciation was $21.5 million for the quarter versus $17.4 million in the prior year. Capital expenditures to the quarter were $59 million versus $64 million in the prior year. Interest expense was $1.4 million for the quarter versus $0.8 million in the prior year. Stock option expense for the quarter was $1.4 million versus $1.1 million in the prior year's quarter. For the quarter cash flows from operating activities was $119 million versus $129 million in the prior year, while the AP as a percent of inventory for the end of the first quarter 2008 improved 160 basis points over the prior year, the increase of the first quarter of the preceding fourth quarter was 350 basis points in 2008 versus 590 basis points in the prior year. This reduced rate of improvement drove the decrease in the cash flow from operating activities. Free cash flow for the quarter was $60 million versus $65 million in the prior year. The decrease was a result of decreased cash flow from operating activities offset in part by lower levels of capital expenditure. Moving onto guidance, our guidance for both the full year and the quarter are based on our previously revised new store estimate of 140 to 150 new stores for 2008; and does not take into account the planned acquisition of CSK. For the full year our capital expenditure guidance is $220 million to $230 million; depreciation $91 million to $94 million with a tax rate of 37.0% to 37.2% of pre-tax income. Free cash flow for the year has been revised up to $75 million to $85 million for the year based on the 140 to 150 new stores. Gross margin guidance is 44.4% to 44.7% of sales and revenue $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion with the slight reduction with the reduced numbers still worse. Our same-store sales guidance for the year remains at 3% to 5% and our diluted earnings per share guidance for the year is $1.81 to $1.85 with stock option expense and then estimated 117.4 million shares. For the quarter, our same store sales guidance is 3% to 5% and our diluted earnings per share guidance is $0.47 to $0.51 per share and an estimated 117.3 million shares. At this time, I would like ask Alicia, the operator to come back and we will happy to answer your questions. Alicia? Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Tony Cristello of BBT Capital Markets.
Tom McFall: Good morning, Tony.
Anthony Cristello: Hey, good morning gentleman.
Greg Henslee: Good morning.
Anthony Cristello: I guess I wanted to just ask questions on the guidance and when you look at the 3% to 5% guidance versus what you have last year in the second quarter; and Greg I think you talked about from a seasonality or volume standpoint you typically see volumes build as the quarter progresses. Last year you had flooding I think in certainly that impacted Texas and Oklahoma, and was that... which months first of that really impact and I'll let talk... answer that and I just have some quick follow-up to sort of my question on the quarter in terms of guidance as well?
Greg Henslee: Okay. Well just speaking to flooding last year in Texas to be quite honest Tony I don't remember which month that actually had the most effect. I can tell you as I mentioned earlier that to this point in the quarter we're within our guidance range and the comparisons toward the end of the quarter are more favorable and of course volume increases towards the end of the quarter. So that have led us to making or leaving our comp guidance to 3% or 5%.
Anthony Cristello: Is there any concern with or I guess maybe phrase it another way, when I look 3% to 5% guidance we talked about the DIY side of the business being softer than the commercial side and correct me if I am wrong, the temperature controlled business typical in the summer with respect to air conditioning is a bigger DIY business. If the consumer with higher gas prices or lower miles driven, is there some risk that you don't get as much benefit on a easier compare because of that reason?
Greg Henslee: Well, there is certainly some risk in our comparisons to our DIY comps, last year second quarter are pretty soft. The DIY business was stressed in last year as it is this year. Our feeling based on first quarter performance and the weather that we've had in many of our markets so far this... during the first quarter is that spring hasn't really sprung at, and lot of that business is being pushed into the second quarter that would have happened the first quarter, last year which ought to give us confidence and issuing the 3% or 5% comparable store sales guidance for the second quarter.
Anthony Cristello: Okay. But in the temperature controlled category in itself is that one... that's a bigger ticket category for you and is it a higher DIY category as well?
Greg Henslee: No. It's really more, it's more of a do-it-for-me category. There is some minor things that DIYers do and there are still are some DIYers that try to put refrigerant in their systems and they may do the component replacement and then take it to a shop to have the system evacuated and recharged. But for most part that say, the overall hard parts category of that is more of a do-it-for-me business and it is DIY some of the ancillary items like the DIY recharge kit and the leak test dyes and things like that we do quite a bit of DIY business but more of it is do-it-for-me.
Anthony Cristello: And as you... when you put in your guidance I just wanted to... do you factor in the macro in terms of gas prices or any of that? Are you just basically look at from a comparative standpoint, from a demand standpoint how things were and what your expectations is in terms of how they will play out?
Greg Henslee: We look at our comparisons, kind of what trend we've been on; what weather effects we might have had coming into the quarter things like that. It's hard for us to gauge as it is for you all also I know to gauge the effect of higher gas prices. And I've seen the observation sort of been made by the people that focus intently on the cost of crude and the potential effect on gas prices and so forth as much as any one else. And it's hard for us to predict what effect that will have. We know that in most of our markets people really don't have a choice that they user their cars for transportation and most consumers are right. I feel like virtually all consumers want to user their cars. They want to use private transportation and like the I guess luxury of having private transportation, the convenience of it and they are willing to sacrifice some of the other things that are like going out to dinner and things like that in order to maintain that as opposed to sacrificing, using their car when they might want to as opposed to car pooling as opposed to using public transit systems and markets where they have public transits. Although I'm sure there are customers that will make the decision to use public transit to some degree in markets that they are available. But, I guess I would say that we factor the effect of gas prices into our comp guidance to a lesser degree, just because it's hard for us to accurately factor the effect of that is. It's easier for us to deal with the things that we, no one understand and that are the trends that we've been on, due to conditions that contribute to those trends and so forth.
Anthony Cristello: Okay great. Thank you guys, thanks.
Greg Henslee: You bet. Thanks Tony. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Wewer of Raymond James.
Dan Wewer: Hi, guys. A bit confused with the sales performance during March and then what you are seeing in April. I understand your comments that halfway through the first quarter same-store sales were in the 1% to 3% rate. But we had a very difficult comparison during the months of March. My question is we knew that the comparison was difficult in March, so why was that not taken into account when that original guidance was provided?
Greg Henslee: Yes. Well, March wasn't that much more difficult. March improved quite a bit last year, but it wasn't huge compared to the rest of the quarter. Maybe it was the best quarter of the months last year. And it was taken into consideration to the degree that I feel it should have been. We were on a trend that we lead... that lead us to believe that our comps would end up in March in the 1% to 3% range or we certainly wouldn't have expressed that we felt that our comps would end up in that range. And then of course March for various reasons and it's easy to look back at things that might have caused comps to be soft in March. But comps were very soft for us in March, and whether they were soft for the whole industry or not I don't know I know that we feel like weather was a contributor to our comp performance in March because of the late spring and then it was a tailwin last with the change to, day-light savings time and then the favorable weather and then also you know Easter Sunday fell in March this year where as it fell in April last year and that of course is a soft day for us, which is a minor contributor. But I guess to answer your question, we do the best we can based on the information that we have in our experience in the business to provide comp guidance that we feel like is accurate. And it's very difficult to do, its almost a crystal ball type thing when you are looking forward to a quarter and really all you have to lean on is, our experience in the business and the trends that we are on and the various macro trends that might affect us and we do our best to keep comp guidance accurate and we felt in the middle of February that 1% to 3% was accurate or we wouldn't issued it like that.
Dan Wewer: That leads into my follow-up question. The strong results you are saying during the first three weeks of April sound similar to what NAPA was talking about last week, but how do you know that this recovery in April is not a simply a head fake and that what we saw in March maybe more indicative of the future, particularly given the 30% increase in gas filling prices.
Greg Henslee: Well obviously we don't know, we don't know anything for sure relative to the future other than the fact that we know that there was a lot of business that didn't take place in March that will take place in the second quarter. And our feeling is that the spring coming late in many of our markets is pushing business into this quarter and are hopeful and we feel like that our guidance is as accurate as we can be coming up with the 3% to 5%. Like I said so far this quarter that's where we are at and we have softening comparisons towards the end of the quarter which is the high and higher volume portion of the quarter and for that reason we feel comfortable with the guidance. Now to your point that gas prices were despite significantly and consumer behavior change significantly then obviously that will have an effect it would be necessarily baked into our comparable store sales guidance.
Dan Wewer: Then, just final question I have for Tom you noted where the expense ratio would have been had you made the original sales plan, I was very impressed with the 2% drop in your inventory per store, how much will the inventory per store decline had you actually made the original sales forecast?
Tom McFall: Would it decline slightly more we have a very real time inventory system where we look at what our demand is, and what we projected to be and replenish based on that most vendors have weekly or multiple times a week orders. So I wouldn't have anticipated that significant change in our inventory. Our inventory levels are where we think they need to be, except we would have higher sales, we would build the pipe and kept about the same number.
Dan Wewer: Okay, great thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs
Matthew Fassler: Hi, good morning to you. I want to ask you about the performance of your new stores comparing the gap between your total in comps stores sales growth with your unit growth would suggest that for the second consecutive quarter that productivity remains under some pressure. And I would like to get some color for you as to how you see new store performance, if they are on plan and in fact you are on plan whether that plan was lower than would it been in the past and how that impact returns to expects extract from those units?
Tom McFall: Matt in general our new stores are performing as we had expect and they are within the range of performance of past store years, given the tough macro environment though they are not at the high end of that range they will be at the lower end of that range, but still within our acceptable guidance and we don't think depicts for us that they are going to get to material level of sales, that we think they should be at.
Matthew Fassler: Right.
Tom McFall: From a performance stand point and how you guys measure that, well that's why we changed our discloser little bit, to include the independent jobber sales, the team members and the equipment sales which are not included in comps, those items you know were down 6.9% from the first quarter of last year which when you take that into the non-comp basis is a pretty significant amount, and should help you with the calculation for our new store performance.
Matthew Fassler: Got you and that discloser just to recap that we are looking at, in the text?
Tom McFall: Yes, I will repeat the numbers
Matthew Fassler: Yes, that will be helpful.
Tom McFall: The non-comp sales as we disclosed in our calculations are jobber sales, team member sales, and equipment sales.
Matthew Fassler: Yes.
Tom McFall: They were $16.2 million for the first quarter down $1.2 million from the same time last year.
Matthew Fassler: Okay, we will run those numbers through and get a sense as to how what they look like and just a follow-up, I mean looking at your most of retail across the spectrum had easy comparison first two weeks of April last year, my sense from looking at your weather trends for rather specifically, is that a kind of range, specifically in your states oddly enough to a much greater degree than it did for almost anyone else pound for pound through the second quarter, did that jive with your recollection with the doubt that, you monitor on the conditions in your market cluster?
Tom McFall: I think as Greg mentioned earlier, in most of our markets, we really don't feel like the onset of spring has really taken roof.
Matthew Fassler: Talk about last year just as to think about compares, when do we expect, that you would start? Any retailer will start April doing well, the question is, if the weather compares get tougher would that continue, its in your seems in your case the weather compares don't get softer to stay, pretty modest and give you some opportunity to maintain the momentum that you have?
Tom McFall: Yes, I think that's right Matt. So far this year we have had, we have been having some tough weather as a matter of fact, that all of us don't have to file our federal and state taxes till May 19th, because this whole area has been the federal disaster area due to the flood and as a results, we get a month extra to file our taxes, as of do many of the markets in this area that have been so terribly impacted by the heavy rains, and no only the heavy rains, the heavy rains didn't last for, just a few days, they are heavy sort of rains, so we have had a lot of rainy weather. But the biggest issue is in just in cold, the spring has not come, the trees are just now starting to bud the markets would have normally ballooned back three weeks ago. And even though the days have got longer, people are working in, the DIY customers are working on their cars and driveways in cold weather they just kind of wait for weather to get better. Yes, we feel like we have good comparison not only from a comp basis but from a weather basis for the remainder of the quarter.
Greg Henslee: What would really help the after market in general will just be a really hot summer, it's been several years, since we have had extreme temperatures. But for whatever reason, and Tony was asking about air conditioning part sales and that's what really drives air conditioning business is that this unbearable hot temperatures.
Tom McFall: Yes, some thing else that I want to mentioned also with regard to air conditioning sales is vehicles today maintain their value from a trading perspective a little longer and they did just a few years back because they are roadworthy at higher mileages if the air conditioner on a car doesn't work yet very, very significantly effect the trading value and resale value of the car and for that reason air conditioning repair can be deferred for some period of time, the consumer may get the value out of car they really are forced into fixing the air conditioner for accepting the fact that they get much less for trading and a resale and if they don't fix it and sell it off to a trade typically the reseller of the car always fixes the air conditioner before its resale because it just very hard to sell a car that has air conditioning that doesn't work because most consumers are aware their peer pairs are pretty expensive to repair this days.
Matthew Fassler: Got you. Thanks so much.
Tom McFall: You bet.
Greg Henslee: Thanks Matt
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Stember of Sidoti & Company
Scott Stember: Could you talk about the new stores that you talk about for 2009 which areas they would be and you plan on opening any additional source within CSK's footprint or this is just in the tradition of O'Reilly footprint?
Tom McFall: Scott in '09 we'll just continue to feel out our existing distribution points and again Greensboro will be opened up in the second quarter of '09, so that will be more kind of Northeast expansion now as far the existing CSK markets knowing new markets more than like will be opening stores that would be in El Paso and Albuquerque and they will be in Southern Colorado where we will be able to distribute out of our Lobbuck DC.
Scott Stember: Hey and just going back to fuel I know you guys in the past have talked about some measures that you have taken to try to mitigate some of the impacts on your cost, with diesel fuel so forth. Is there anything else that you are doing now but you can't do some maybe accelerates some of those efforts?
Tom McFall: Well what we are doing now is really, is working on the freight side of where we ship products from our distribution centers to our stores, the computer systems that we've put on the trucks and the incentive programs that we have put in place to encourage our drivers to be more fuel efficient to drive the vehicle with the right RPM to use the right shift patterns and not leave the truck idling while they're unloading and all these various things. Incentivize and shares our savings on fuel we have seen meaningful results. As a matter of fact even with the softer comparable store sales in the first quarter our distribution cost were right at the same cost that we were last year first quarter and much of that is the result or could have been very negatively impacted had we not had these measures in place. And on the store side where we are using gasoline as opposed to diesel in running the hotshot deliveries and we do everything we can to make sure that we schedule and consolidate and ride our deliveries as best we can. At the end of the day it becomes a customer, servicing customer satisfaction issue with our commercial customers and our store managers and district manager try to balance that everyday. But it's a significant expense increase that we continue to deal with and we'll hopefully get better at that there is so much you can do and still keep the level of customers services at the rate we feel it needs to be. In the past we have used various small ranger trucks and we are in the process right now testing some smaller vehicles to get better gas mileage and would expect that we will be adding a different mix charge delivery vehicle to improve our fuel economy there.
Scott Stember: Okay, thank you. That's all I have.
Tom McFall: All right, thanks Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from, Peter Benedict of Wachovia.
Tom McFall: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Benedict: First, on the inventory how would you guys know what the right level is its be coming down on a per store basis I know it was a up a little bit faster than the sales of last quarter but could talk to me how you are thinking about that could that be impacting your sales at or you feel like the end stock is still in good shape?
Greg Henslee: Well, as you may know Peter we replenish our inventory five nights a week. So we don't on some of that it's hard to find to fortune [ph] we don't have a lot of depth to service the demand. We are very confident in the systems that we use do not only define what inventory goes into a market to begin with based on the vehicle population its there and in this we dynamically in our on going way to do adjustments to not only the depth but also aggressive inventory and then we give our store managers the latitude to add things to inventory that they feel like they need, for some reason they at certain fleet or whatever the case may be that we are servicing needs of certain product employees so they modify they've modified something on the vehicle to cause it to take a different in take filter or whatever the case may be. The store managers have the latitude to do that. We certainly don't feel like that anything that we're doing to better manage our inventories is resulting in softer sales as a matter of fact just the offset I feel like that the thinks that we do to put the right inventory to each store really is a contributor to our the penetration in each market. We have a system to log in any loss sale that we have at the store and that goes in to our demand forecast, we have done this obviously for a long, long time and all the stones that can be turned over relative to making sure that we have the right inventory in each door had been turned although we continue to work on ways to be better at everything we do. We feel like our inventory management systems are really second to hand.
Ted Wise: But Peter I might add there the best way to tell if you have a problems is listen to the feel because our folks are not bashful when they feel they have an inventory problem and to Greg's point, the last couple of three years, that we have enhanced our systems is very positive feedback from the stores as far as our inventory levels as compared to our competition.
Peter Benedict: Hey, well thanks for that, on the trade down that you talked about the activity you are seeing in the store remind me when did you start seeing that with the more pronounced in the first quarter than it has been previously?
Greg Henslee: I don't think its more pronouncing and its really kind of hard to measure on that softer comparable store sales relative to just to the pure effect of the trade down, if you want to talk that. I would say probably the last 18 to 24 months its we have seen incrementally at a type the vehicles pick up and talking to some of our, branded suppliers, we don't act come up if we may be aren't focusing on selling our brands as much as we once were in the absolute opposite is true we certainly still promote our brands very much to our installer customers and we use them as they sell off opportunity to our DIY customers. But with that question and based on the day input from field, our privately label products are currently growing stronger on the DIY side and its surprises a little bit on the commercial side how many of our commercial customers are choosing in some cases to use our private label products as opposed to the branded products, simply because they have got the same, they are dealing with the same customers that we are to some degree and they are going to be priced competitively when they quote the job and they are quoting in many cases the private label option and a branded option to their end user. And evidently the end users are choosing, in some cases to use the private label, the lower cost option.
Peter Benedict: Thanks, one last one for Tom, any expense in the quarter for acquisition related efforts due diligence etcetera. Tom can you break any of that out.
Tom McFall: Not material numbers.
Peter Benedict: Perfect, thanks so much.
Tom McFall: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham of Credit Suisse.
Seth Basham: Just to clarify on the comp guidance. As we think about the rest of the year, clearly it's reasonable to expect a little bit of pent-up demand from the March to come through in Q2, like you are now you are expecting a lot of pent-up demand, for the rest of the year or the macro to improve to help your sales going forward, great?
Greg Henslee: Well, I actually, at some point. All this maintenance that's been deferred over the last 18 to 24 months, that has come to fruitation at some point, that would have lot of unsafe cars, running around the United States. Our feeling is that incrementally we will see some reliefs in pent-up demand. And that's going to help offset some of the economic pressure that our customers are under. We do consider the fact that, there could be at any point... especially if there is any relaxation or a withdraw in the fuel prices that there could be some release in pent-up demand.
Ted Wise: Some degree, if you cost, the new car sales report domestic and import cars sales were down. So that should mean, people they are keeping their cars don't have to look at things that they need to do to keep them on road versus trading them in.
Greg Henslee: From a comparison standpoint, we had a pretty good third quarter last year and not by a historical standards but by you may be the economic we are in standards and then we had a soft fourth quarter so that... our comparisons were obviously taken into consideration with our guidance.
Seth Basham: Okay, that make sense. And from a macro standpoint you are not expecting improvement or significant improvement in the macros to help boost your sales going for forward for the rest of the year is that all right?
Greg Henslee: No, you guys probably know more than we do about the forecast of what's going to happens with macro environment. But our perception would be that the economy we are in is going to last for a while and without some meaningful change and the crude oil situation that might drive fuel prices down. We are not looking for any material change and we are hopeful I think everyone is but not counting on it. And we are also hopeful that the economic stimulus package that the federal government is in the process of pushing out will help them to. There are a lot of customers that $1,200 or $1500 spending on the number of children that they have could make a material difference in some of the things that they have deferred whether it's home repair or auto repair whatever the case may be.
Seth Basham: And then on the gross margin side clearly there is a mix shift trends for a bit of time, but based on your guidance your gross margins for the year is sort of seems like you expect gross margin improvement not to be as great going forward how do you reconcile those two things and is there is a chance that we do see the strength in gross margins continue?
Greg Henslee: The couple of things have going on gross margin our distribution cost we continue to feel pressure there especially driven by diesel. The second item is we get a lot of support from our vendors for new stores as we reduce that number of new stores that's a pressure on gross margin. Obviously, in offsetting help around SG&A side and there has have been a lot of changes in prices from our suppliers especially on the commodity side that add risk to what we can price product that.
Seth Basham: And then one more if I may quotes may over thinking a little bit longer term with CSK in the picture as you serve size up the synergies associated with that transaction and think about the buying power that you will as a larger company. How does that process work in negotiation with vendors and when do you expect to realize some of those big synergies from buying power while we see some of that go through in 2009?
Greg Henslee: I will... just kind of the process perspective and then I will let Tom speak to maybe the timing and the effect and to what degree we can speak of that on our gross margin. From a process perspective our vendors are very much a part of our growth they want to grow with the us, they participate in our new store growth every year and this is a significant opportunity for the vendors that we have at O'Reilly right now to possibly put their products in CSK stores and has benefit from the growth of CSK together and on the other hand CSK is established a lot of very valuable ands well known brands in their stores over the years. And we are going to consider the value of those brands in those stores before we properly make any changes and make sure that we are with the right brand and there could be changes we went back the other way where there is a branded CSK that we ended up with O'Reilly. We simply will back up and take a look at the performance over the products and in both companies and make the decision as to what makes sense going forward but the bottom-line is that for the combined companies we basically go back to the table with our vendors and say here is what we look at today. This is a significant piece of growth for both us and for your company. What this mean to be efficiencies in which we can operate and what this mean from my cost of goods for us and we work through a process of coming with a win-win situation for both us and our vendors to move forward as a larger combined company that will have some favorable benefit to our gross margin performance. And Tom you might speak to it from a timing standpoint.
Tom McFall: From a timing standpoint Seth, we are not prepared to give that information now. There is a number of items that from A&I trust standpoint until we're a combined company we will have access to. Our assumptions based on the information we have is... it was going to take period of time. Some of the items where we have like products or the exact same product come a lot faster, to some extent we will... ultimately we will see the total synergies until we beat up the distribution center and implement it through our pool way of doing business. So, it's going to take a period of time.
Seth Basham: Okay. Fair enough. I appreciate it.
Greg Henslee: You bet. Thanks, Seth.
Operator: At this time we have elapsed for question. I would now like to turn the call over Mr. Henslee for any closing remarks.
Greg Henslee: Okay. Well, I just want to say thanks for everyone's time this morning. You can bet that during the second quarter, team O'Reilly is going to be working very hard to generate solid results and we look forward to reporting our second quarter performance in July along with an update on the status of our acquisition of CSK. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and CFO Greg Henslee - Co-President and CEO Ted Wise - Co-President and COO
Analysts: Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Jack Balos - Midwood Research Gary Balter - Credit Suisse David Cumberland - Robert W. Baird Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley Dan Wewer - Raymond James Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities Peter Benedict - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLc Cid Wilson - Kevin Dann & Partners Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Terry, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the O'Reilly's 2007 Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tom McFall, CFO. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Terry. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, I would like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing among other things expected store growth, store development and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and fought future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs, and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions including but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or applied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factor section of the company's form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2006, for more details. At this time I'd like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2007 conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is; Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer; and Tom McFall, of course, our Chief Financial Officer; David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman is also present. I'd like to start off by thanking all members of team O'Reilly for their efforts in 2007, and for the great levels of customer service we work so hard to provide. We again led the industry and comparable store sales for the year, and I am extremely proud of the job each one of you do as your efforts continue to aggressively and successfully grow our company. Now onto our sales performance in the fourth quarter; considering the strong trend we had coming out of the third quarter, as well as the strong results we had during the first half of the fourth quarter, we are disappointed in the fourth quarter 2.1% comparable store sales results. We had very strong comp store sales for a good portion of the third quarter, which generated 4.3% growth, and had a strong start to the fourth quarter, which led us to provide fourth quarter comparable store sales guidance of 4% to 6%. The sales were on track until about mid-November when our performance softened dramatically, and that softer trend continued through December. Obviously, we were surprised by the relatively sudden softness in our business. As you know, it's always difficult to predict sales performance in retail, and it can be difficult to fully understand the drivers of sales performance even when looking back. Our perception of our comparable store sales performance in the fourth quarter is that our customers continue to be under significant financial pressures due to higher energy costs, inflation on consumable goods, and general economic conditions. We continued to feel that many of our customers are deferring maintenance of their vehicles, as much as they can, and that the holiday shopping season put even more pressure on financially strapped consumers, which we believe contributed to the softer sales we experienced in late November and December. As most of you know, two of the primary drivers of demand in our business are the number of miles driven in the U.S. and the average age of the vehicles on the road. Through October of 07, which is the most recent information available from the department of transportation, the total number of miles driven in the U.S. is up about 10 basis points over 06. While that growth is not as robust as we experienced in 2005 and prior, it's still a positive driver of demand for our business. The most recent data we have on average vehicle age shows both light truck and car average ages continue to increase. In 2001, the average age of a car was 9.3 years and light truck was 8.4 years. And currently, the average age of cars is 10.1 years, and light trucks is 8.8 years. Another factor to consider is the quality of later model vehicles and the technology used in them. The better quality allows the average vehicle age to continue to increase in the vehicle's drive train and some of the other key components continue to perform well at higher mileages. Yet, most of the core automotive aftermarket supply parts and components continue to acquire the same routine maintenance as in years passed. And the higher mileages these vehicles reach requires that these vehicles go through more maintenance and repair cycles to major systems such as brakes, steering, suspension, drive belts, cooling system, ignition, the list goes on. These higher mileage vehicles are a significant driver of demand in our business, and our view is, that the combination of economically strained consumers, and the ability for vehicles to-date is stay on the road, at mileages higher than we've seen in the past is going to drive our customers to keep their cars longer, and drive them at higher mileages, which bodes for the future of the automotive aftermarket. In addition, unlike the vehicles from years passed, these vehicles have many electronic components on them and they require maintenance at higher mileages. Components like electronic control modules, oxygen sensors, throttle position sensors, and mass airflow sensors just to name a few. My primary point is that we have every reason to believe the demand in our business is building, and we will continue to grow. However, consumers are currently doing their best to balance challenging household budgets and our deferring automotive maintenance that they feel can be deferred. This won't go on forever, and we feel our company is positioned extremely well to take advantage of a more robust aftermarket business as the pent-up demand begins to release. We continue to feel very strongly about the advantages of our dual market strategy and our strong distribution network, and our unparalleled access the parts our customers need to keep their cars and trucks on the road. Additionally, we are very confident and a very experienced management team here at O'Reilly. A little over a week ago every manager in our company met in Dallas, Texas for our Annual Store Managers' conference. I can tell you, we have a very impressive group of managers that take floor ownership of their stores, and our performance in their particular markets. They fully understand the drivers of our business and the contributor to our past success and what it will take for us to continue the success in the future. We all left the conference in Dallas motivated and ready to make sure O'Reilly continues to outpace our competitors in 2008. Now, onto some more details about our fourth quarter performance. Our gross margin for the quarter came in at 44.7% of sales, compared to 44.6% last year, a 10 basis point improvement. We've finished the year at 44.4%, compared to 44.1% in 06. We continue to attribute our gross margin improvements over the past couple of years to a combination of diligent management of our distribution cost, as well as our ongoing category management efforts. Our gross margin also continues to benefit from higher sales growth in the entry level type products, which our customers tend to opt more frequently during challenging economic times as oppose to the higher quality and higher priced national brands, which typically carry a little lower gross margin percentage, but higher profit dollars. Competitive pricing on both the retail and wholesale sides of our business remains consistent with no meaningful changes. Operating expenses for the quarter increased 110 basis points to 34.2% of sales from 33.1% last year. This increase is primarily attributed to higher store payroll as a result of loss of leverage with the quick sales decline we had in November, and to the large number of fourth quarter new store openings. Many of which were scheduled earlier in the year and for various reasons got pushed into the fourth quarter, and to a lesser degree an increase in depreciation due to the rollout of our new POS system. Our store operations team, is very dialed-in managing our store payroll expense, and we are very pleased with the results of their focused efforts to this point in the first quarter. And feel very confident, that we'll be able to seek good results in this key expense category in the future. As a result of the decrease in leverage, our operating margin came in at 10.5% of sales, compared to 11.5% in the fourth quarter last year. During the quarter, we opened an additional 56 new stores, bringing our net new store openings for the year to 190 stores. And we ended the year with 1,830 stores, bringing our inventory investment to 882 million, an 8.5% increase supported by 10.5% increase in sales. We are very pleased with our inventory performance this past year. The systems we developed internally to manage our inventory are proven to be a very significant competitive advantage. Having more inventory than our competitors in any give store is nearly as important as having the right inventory. And we feel we've been able to leverage the powerful systems we've build along with the talent and experience of our inventory management team to put the right inventory in each of our DCs and stores. Even in the less than ideal macroeconomic conditions we've been able to effectively grow our sales at a rate greater than our inventory growth. As a result, inventory turnover improved 1.64 times compared to 1.61 times last year in spite the continued SKU proliferation in our industry. In turnover net of payables improved to 3 times from 2.8 times in the fourth quarter of last year due to our ongoing efforts to manage strong relationships with our vendors and to negotiate the best possible payment. Our accounts payable as a percent of inventory increased 400 basis points from 39.2% last year to 43.2% this year. To summarize, we continue to feel that our dual market strategies and ideal business plan for our industry and we work everyday to improve our execution of the way we go-to-market on both sides of our business. Our vast distribution network along with a very powerful inventory management systems we use offer us several competitive advantages in our professional parts people are second to none. We continue to believe that macroeconomic conditions continue to drive many consumers to defer some of the vehicle maintenance items that can't be deferred, and we feel confident that we will benefit from that pent-up demand at some point in the future. So far in the first quarter, our comparable store sales have improved somewhat. Though we have tough comparisons for the remainder of the quarter, considering that we are comparing to 6.8% comparable store sales for first quarter last year, we estimate that our comparable store sales for the first quarter will end up in the range of 1% to 3%. Obviously, we will be trying to see that, but in this environment we are comfortable with that range considering the comparisons. For the year with softer comparisons, we are estimating comp store sales in the range of 3% to 5%. Again, we feel very confident that there is significant pent-up demand that we will be incrementally released overtime and the economic stimulus package that is currently underway will benefit our core customers, and will be helpful to the automotive aftermarket as we think many of those dollars will be used for households to get caught up on things like maintenance of their vehicles. Again, I want to thank team O'Reilly for their hard work in 2007, and for their dedication to the success of our company. We are looking forward to a great 2008. I will now turn the call over to Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer.
Ted Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. To give you a quick expansion overview as Greg mentioned we finished the year with 830 stores, and installed 56 new stores in the fourth quarter, which allowed us to obtain our goal of 190 new stores for the year. The expansion process starts with selecting and developing the right side. The planning for the correct inventory coverage and recruiting and training the store teams that ends up with the store installation and setup to development open an average of almost four stores each week is a true team effort throughout the company. However, the actual store setup requires a huge amount of physical work and commitment to get the jobs done every week. Our store installation team, along with literally 100s of team members from surrounding stores come together in the field to physically install these new stores, and I would like to recognize and thank them for the great job they do. In the record number of 190 new stores installed this year. Now, we will briefly overview our expansion activity by market. In the last quarter, we installed 10 Texas stores, seven Indiana stores, six Georgia stores, six Ohio stores, six Minnesota stores, and five Missouri stores, the remaining 16 stores were distributed in 12 different states. The total for the year pretty much marred one quarter, with 32 stores installed in Texas, 21 Georgia stores, 20 Indiana stores, 15 Minnesota stores, 15 Missouri stores and 14 Ohio stores. The remaining 72 stores were divided up in additional 18 states. Last year we relocated eight stores giving us a total of 38 relocations for the year. A large number of these location were in Midwest store group, which were approaching completion on those relocations. In addition, we complete 63 store remodels and renovations last year. All-in-all, with new stores relocations, and remodels, we completed over 300 projects in 2007, plus we finished another 150 store interior restriping and signage packages, which was very close to completion of this project. In areas to our acquisitions, 2007 was a live year, with six stores purchases or approximately 4% of our store growth. We continue to look for good consolidation opportunities that remain very discipline in our evaluations. This year we've expanded into a larger number of new metro markets than has been normal in the past. These markets included solid North Carolina, Jacksonville, Florida, El Paso, Texas. And in Ohio, we entered Cincinnati, Columbus and Dayton. Obviously, all of these are great markets with lots of additional store growth potential for the next two to three years. As we announced on our last call, we have set an expansion plan of 205 stores this year. We will continue to balance and support this growth of our 14 distribution centers with a larger percentage of the store openings continue to be out in Indianapolis, Atlanta, and our recent relocated Indianapolis facility. Also, as we previously announced, we will be opening our 13th distribution center in Lubbock, Texas in the third quarter this year, which will give us the ability to continue our expansion into El Paso, Texas and into New Mexico. We've increased the number of site acquisition teams that work the markets for new locations, and wherever possible improved our process to address on the timing and construction issues we faced last year. Development schedules are moving targets and for a variety of reasons that are often hard to control, and I feel we are better prepared, certainly every year gain more experience in the current development environment. The main solution and our goal is to ensure the sufficient number of sites in the pipeline that we are... that enable us to meet our expansion goals while allowing issues that will undoubtedly arrive in specific properties and developments. Now in the store operations area, we have several important store system projects that were completed and implemented last year. Our Infinity Parts System, the new graphical point-of-sale software was completed and installed in the fourth quarter. This computer system conversion proved to be an easy change for our existing part expansions. And for our new team members, the Infinity Point-of-Sale system is much easier to learn and now our new team members can become sales productive in a matter of a few days. We are continuing to work on additional features to the system that would be introduced later this year that will better assist our team members in making related sales and also provide technical information that our customer needs to do the actual repairs. The O'Reilly right track screening online our new computer-based learning management system is now implemented in all of the stores, and provides computer-based interactive training for all team members using our company's e-mail. And lastly our Store Labor Scheduling System, continues to evolve as an important tool that provides our managers the information they need, to properly staff for higher service levels who are also managing store productivity. As with any addition or change in the operating systems, the difficult part of implementation is behind. We are now looking forward to realizing ongoing store operations and customer service benefits or our new POS system, training system, and stores scheduling. And we hope that if we'll be able to grow our sales and profit in the future. Our installer sales team O'Reilly First Call, the team used to be focused on building strong relationships with our professional customers, based on a great selection of quality parts and most importantly high service levels to the shops. Our certified auto repair, which is our installer marketing program continues to expand a rate of 40 new customers each month. Even in a challenging business climate, we are confident that we are growing market share both at the installer and the DIY level. As Greg mentioned, we just finished our Managers' conference in Dallas last week, and it was a very successful conference. Our team of over 2,500 was educated and motivated to make 2008 a successful year, and I can assure you that the departing attitude was very positive with the team feeling they have it necessary sales programs and experienced leadership to make 2008 a good year for us. With this I will turn it back over to Tom.
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ted. To move through the numbers, sales were up 8.2% to $604 million for the quarter with comparable store sales of 2.1% with stores opened greater than 12 months, versus 2.1% comparable store sales for the fourth quarter of 2006. Year-to-date sales increased 10.5% to $2.5 billion, and comparable store sales of 3.7% versus 3.3% in the prior year. Sales to independent jobbers for the fourth quarter of $11.1 million decreased 3% from the prior year. For the year, sales to independent jobbers of $47 million were down 2% from 2006. Gross profit was 44.7% of sales for the quarter versus 44.6% in the prior year. For the year, gross profit was 44.4% of sales versus 44.1% in the prior year, improvements primarily driven by improved product mix and distribution efficiencies. SG&A for the quarter was 34.2% of sales versus 33.1% in the prior year, the de-leverage was the results of higher store payroll primarily relating to the timing of new store openings and the additional investments made in store technologies. For the year, SG&A was 32.3% of sales versus 31.7% in the prior year. The de-leverage was the result of higher store payroll again primarily related to the timing of new store openings, higher stock compensation and advertising expenses, and the additional investment made in store technology. Operating income for the quarter was 10.5% of sales versus 11.5% in the prior year. For the year, operating income was 12.1% of sales versus 12.4% in the prior year. The tax provision was 37.1% of pretax income for the quarter versus 36.9% in the prior year. The full year tax rate was 36.9% of pretax income from both 2007 and 2006. Net income for the quarter was $40.6 million versus $40.4 million in the prior year. For the fourth quarter net income was 6.7% of sales as compared to 7.2% in the prior year. For the full year 2007 net income was 7.7% of sales versus 7.8% in 2006. For the quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.35 per share, which was even with the prior year. The fourth quarter of 2,000 EPS is based on 116.3 million shares. EPS for the year was at $1.67 per share versus $1.55 in the prior year which is an 8% increase. Moving onto the balance sheet, inventory was $882 million up $69 million from December 2006. This represents an 8% increase over last year versus 12% increase in store count over the same period. Total assets were 2.3 billion, $302 million increase in December 2006. The increase is due to the growth in fixed assets and inventory related to store and distribution center growth. Accounts payable of $381 million was an increase of $63 million over December 2006. AP to inventory of 43.2% increased 400 basis points and 39.2% in December 2006. The AP to inventory ratio was price of the impact by vendor, better vendor terms, improved leverage of inventory at the similar level than to our DCs. Debt levels were $100 million at the end of this year versus the $110 million at the end of last year. At the end of 2006, our revolver borrowings were $10 million. At the end of the 2007, there were no revolver borrowings. Debt-to-capital was 5.9%, debt to EBIT of point two times. Short-term debt increased $25 million over the prior year relating to our private placement deals May of this year. EBITDA for the quarter was $88 million, 14.5% of sales. For the year, EBITDA of $390 million was 15.5% sales versus 15.4% for 2006. Other performances measures, return on equity was 12.8% at the end of the quarter, return on assets 8.8%, and return on invested capital 12.2%. For some other financial information, LIFO during the third quarter increased by... I am sorry, the reserve for LIFO increased by $3 million. Deprecation was $22 million in the quarter and $79 million for the year. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $63 million and $283 million for the year. Interest expenses $1.2 million for the quarter and $3.7 million for the year. For the quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $18 million with a negative free cash flow of $46 million. For the year, cash flow from operating activities was $299 million, which was 61% increase over the prior year. Free cash flow for the year was $70 million and pretax income is $60 million over the prior year. This year's improved free cash flow performance has been the result of improved EBITDA, better average per store inventory levels, and increases in payable terms, offset in part by higher capital expenditures and the timing of federal tax reserves. Now for our guidance; for the full the year 2008, the capital expenditure guidance was $275 million to $285 million; depreciation $92 million to $95 million. The tax rate is estimated at 37.0% to 37.2% of pretax income with free cash flow of $20 million to $30 million for the year. Our gross margin guidance is 44.4%, 44.7% of sales on revenues of $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion. Same-store sales guidance is 3% to 5% in full year, and the diluted earnings per share guidance for the year is $1.84 to $1.88 in the stock option expense on an estimated 117.5 million shares. For our first quarter guidance same-store sales 1% to 3%, and diluted earnings per share guidance is $0.41 to $0.45 per share on an estimated 116.6 million shares. At this time I'd like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. If I know all of you are aware, one of the topics, our executive management teams have been focused on lately is the consideration of acquiring CSK Auto. As we previously disclosed, we've been considering this potential combination for quite sometime, and there have been several discussions with their management team over the past year about the possible combination. We made the decision late last year that was in our best interest to incrementally buy their shares on the open market. This was before the unforeseen December announcement of their pooled and anticipated performance and the engagement of a banker to explore strategic alternatives. The trading price of their shares appropriately adjusted following that announcement. We have now negotiated a standstill agreements with which we are comfortable and are further evaluating the possible combination. I want to assure everyone that we are a disciplined bidder and we'll only pursue this transaction if it makes sense for O'Reilly and our shareholders. Based on the confidential nature of the process, we are going to limit our comments on this consideration and would ask that you please refrain from asking detailed questions about the CSK acquisition at this time. At this time, I would like to ask Terry, the operator to come back and we'll be happy to answer questions. Terry? Question And Answer
Operator: : [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Hello, and good morning to you.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Couple of questions; first of all, I'd like to focus on the new stores, I am not sure if the calculation was impacted by the timing of openings, but our new space productivity calculation showed a softer number in the fourth quarter than we've seen in sometime, and related to that, if you could speak about where you are in terms of store opening, the timing of store openings vis--vis are scheduled given that something got a bit of track at mid year and whether the expenses you associated with, that should essentially moves on at this point whether that languished?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, there is no question that the timing is lock in 07, and 56 stores opened in the first quarter, we pushed them into the fourth quarter than we would have liked. And fortunately, several of the stores that were opened in the fourth quarter were opened right at the tail-end of the quarter. So, it's obviously impacting the perception of productivity in our new store as more than the productivity we've actually gowned. I don't know if you know that nothing will likely be similar, but it was a big number.
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: December was inproportionately high for the quarter.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: We are on track now to open 41 stores is in the first quarter?
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: It will be right at 40 --
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: The second quarter is geared up and planned opening about 70 to 75 in the second quarter.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we get caught up in the second quarter, we're little behind where we would ideally like to be in the first quarter, but we've got more than we have in the second quarter than we will be more level in the third and fourth quarters.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: And should we think about that expense issue like bring a bit as well or is that basically resolved at this point?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: The store payroll issue, we feel like to resolve. We put a kind of focus on, just managing every piece of store payroll from the punch time, to management of overtime, the dedicated use of our scheduling system just kind of all hands on that view of how we manage our payroll, and we have been very pleased with the results we have seen so far this year with the managed numbers of store payroll. So we cannot put that behind us, as well as just the management of the payroll for new store openings. For the tail-end of last year, we did several things different with regard to the way we manage new store opening payroll otherwise it's always there we feel like we do the better job manage and not we ever have in the past.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Great. And just a follow-up question, and I hope this doesn't violate the spirit of your request on questions about CSK, but it relates more to O'Reilly, if a deal were to get done, and that is how do you think about your organic growth just as we think about modeling the business over the next couple of years if you were to complete this transaction. How would you think about your organic growth plans over the next couple of years if you were also digesting that kind of deals?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously we would factor everything into consideration if we were to make a deal with CSK, but most likely we would decrease our organic growth. Yes we will continue to go through the process of filling the distribution capacity we currently had. We would rethink our organic growth strategy at least during the recent period, and then we would decide what to do from there, but during the accretion period there would be -- we will be an obviously a significant traction for our management team and we would plan to draw back our organic growth during that period.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you so much.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Balos with Midwood Research.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Balos - Midwood Research: Hello, hi.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Balos - Midwood Research: Good morning. Good morning. First of all I didn't hear it clearly what was the LIFO charge for the fourth quarter?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Our reserve increased more million dollar so it was $4 million charge.
Jack Balos - Midwood Research: $4 million charge, okay. And you have a number in terms of the sales gain that you need on a comparable store basis for your payroll ratio to remain flat?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we continue to believe that to leverage our SG&A we need times in the 3.5% range.
Jack Balos - Midwood Research: Okay. I thought that you were doing something differently now in terms of payroll looking at it more closely, and that may have been finding some ways to streamline the process and maybe reduce that number somewhat?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think our answer is in relation to the de-leverage we saw in 2007 about 3.7% comp. We think the opportunity was there to be more flattish adjusted by our new store opening issues.
Jack Balos - Midwood Research: Right. So, if during the first quarter, you were on 1% to 3% range of comp, so that mean you would have a negative payroll ratio for the first quarter of 08?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: We are not ready to commit to that right now, that would be below our 3.5% is a whole year estimate on a quarter-to-quarter basis based on the timing of new stores that can fluctuate.
Jack Balos - Midwood Research: Okay. All right, this may not be the proper question to the ask about CSK, so I won't know until I ask, but I know it might in profit as well. So I take a chance and that is as you know CSK has 630 stores that do have commercial departments and over 700 that do not. I was just wondering to see new opportunity in the 700 odd stores that do not have commercial delivery departments if you need to add any on those stores?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Jack, that would -- obviously there was a couple of reasons that we were interested and one is obviously from the geography, we don't have much overlap with CSK, their stores are about 5 store is what we typically use and because of their maybe lack not as effective penetration on the wholesale side of business, we would view that as an opportunity for us and all their existing stores.
Jack Balos - Midwood Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Balter with Credit Suisse.
Gary Balter - Credit Suisse: Just one clarification, you mentioned the $400 million charge what is that against last year for LIFO charges?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: We are looking here, just a second. Do you have another question?
Gary Balter - Credit Suisse: Yes, the more general question is, you are guiding to 1 to 3 which is really good number 2007 from last year and then you are talking about 3 to 5. Greg, just give me comments to those type of macro being challenging. So, how much of this is depended on the stimulus package working in, could you talk about what you saw last time when they had these type of stimulus packages in 01 or 03? Thank you.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously the reason for 1 to 3 is, the issues had as you noticed in our top computers, it's almost 70%, if you look to our year, separate from the last year we were 3% to 4.3% from and 2.1%, so we are pretty comfortable with the comparisons for the remainder of the year and for that reason we are relatively confident with the 3.5% and that's obviously the economic stimulus package adds to that level of confidence and the values and we've intended exactly the kind of view that we do for most. I really don't recall exactly the effect that we had during the last economic stimulus package. I mean I have to go back and look at our comps and I want an opinion, because I really don't recall exactly what the effect was.
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: To follow-up on the LIFO question, fourth quarter of 2006, the LIFO charge was $3 million.
Gary Balter - Credit Suisse: And then, just last thing and that said anything is, the account payable if fully moving up, how much more room do you see in the payables and when you give us the free cash flows $20 million to $30 million, what does that assume for accounts payable?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: It assumes moderate improvement in the accounts payable ratio. We think we have quite a bit of opportunities to increase that in our ratio, but we are going to look at that in context of our total deal with our vendors where we think that can go to, we don't see the cap right now and see that over the next two or three years we will continue to push up.
Gary Balter - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Cumberland with Robert Baird.
David Cumberland - Robert W. Baird: Good morning.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David Cumberland - Robert W. Baird: Greg, you mentioned that accounts have improved somewhat to-date in Q1, was that relative to all of Q4 or the latter part of Q4 where you saw the improvements?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: That's relative to the total of Q4, it's relative to the 2.1% we had in Q4.
David Cumberland - Robert W. Baird: Great. And then, I believe your Q1 has an extra day due to leap year. Is that the case? And then, how does that affect the comps calculation for Q1?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: The comps calculation for Q1 does have an extra day. It's in large part offset by an additional Sunday in comparison to last year, which as you know, half of our business doesn't operate on that additional Sunday.
David Cumberland - Robert W. Baird: Thank you.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: hank you.
Operator: : Your next question comes from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: : Thank you, and good morning gentlemen.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: : Good morning, Tony.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Greg, you noted, customers continuing to trade down. Is that primarily on the DIY side of the business or are you also seeing some change in pattern with respect to affinity the branded products from the commercial side of the business?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Tony, it's most prevalent on the DIY side. We see some of it on the wholesale side, here customers put pressure on our customers to be more competitively priced on a job or something or the wholesale side of the private label stuff is increasing little bit more than we've seen in years passed. And I was stating that is with our gross margin, we did not necessarily on good from our gross profit perspective. In my opinion, it's just a symptom of the economic pressure that our customers are under.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And when they trade down, is that primarily from a branded product to a more of a private label product, and is it a situation where it's just a competitive marketplace from a pricing standpoint, so you couldn't sort of raise the floor?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. In our case they are trading down typically from a -- they are either trading down or they are not buying up to the branded product. Our line up would typically be a private label product, and then we would sell that branded product, and most of our installers would prefer the branded product, and that's typically what they would buy. And the second half of your question was what?
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: From a pricing standpoint, is it just -- competitively speaking, you are not able to maybe raise the floor a little bit on that trade down price?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's right. Typically, our private label products are in place to offer a good value for our retail customers and they are not really for our wholesale durable [ph] type business, but most prices are really competitively sharp and set, you saw in our ability to compete with our two primary retail competitors.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, and just quickly, store count obviously was up sequentially Q4 from Q3, but headcount was down sequentially. Is that a function of the new payroll management system or was there something else behind that?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if we look from Q3 to Q4, there are number of people in the store is reduced a lot to this part-time people as we leave the selling season and enter the winter season. So that would be a typical change for us.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, but was anything related to the new payrolls I mean system itself or was there anything else you were able to reduce it by a greater amount or is it just simply seasonality?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: : No, seasonality grows best.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregory Melich with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks, guys, a couple of questions. On the SG&A side you said that the payroll clearly drove it and the sharpness of the sales drop in December, if you were to isolate the de-leverage effect due to the sharpness of the decline. Could you do that, was it due to that or something like that?
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: That would be very difficult to do and we haven't yet tempted to do that, but we try to manage our payroll for today and tomorrow, but we will deny on the long term. So you could quantify that to be something we will be able to.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: Is it fair to say though if you would now as the beginning of the quarter that the comp would have been 2:1 that the 100 basis points could have been significantly less like 50. Is that a fair ratio?
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, absolutely yes. In our business -- in any retail business it's always hard to plans, scheduling when you have a there won't sale issue like we do in our business. Obviously, the summer time is much better than it is in the winter time and business this year very pretty strong, and it maybe a result of some of the pent-up demand that we all talk about, but it carry pretty strong well in mid year, and then about a little pass than a half way in the November, we saw sudden drop in our weekly comps in that softer level to sustain throughout December.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, the one thing that work either I think that the cost of... in the future we are going to focus on having a higher percentage part-time, team members and our seniors wherever possible. You know, because of our wholesale do exits, it's been challenging for us to having that the part-time to full-time ratios, the more retail competitors. But, we definitely have an opportunity there to move forward.
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: And Greg, something I might add to that is that in 2005 and prior we had obviously not seen this kind of drop is part of the shopping season. This year, two weeks into the drop kind of -- I don't understand what's going on. And looking back at 2006 we had a similar drop and we just been related to much to the economic pressure or questions that are under related to the holiday season, but having this has to happen two years in a row you can bet that this year we're a little more what we can expect under similar economic conditions in late November and December.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: That's great. And the second question is on capital structure, again I don't -- I think it was Matt alluded, I don't violet your spirit of your CSK if you think bigger picture whether or not it occurs, what sort of coverage ratios are you comfortable with, as you consider your growth whether it's with or without CSK?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: At this point our direction of our company is to continue to be a consolidator in the industry. When we determine that our free cash flow could be better use somewhere else and we can't invest the cash growing just worse and the returns we like, we'd will head down that road, and when we do we will comment on what ratios we intend to maintain.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: That... but, your intention is essentially be close to debt free as we stand today but as you mature that you will pick a number in 08?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Our intension would be to use our strong balance sheet, which we continue to consolidate the industry, and take down that one appropriate. Our long-term goal if we are not going to consolidate the industry would not have equity structure I think capital structure will move at that end.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Greg on another question regarding the new stores productive. I certainly understand the late openings are negatively impacting their sales contribution, but given that you would have access through the sales data to each individual store, if you were to look at those on an annualized basis, has there in fact been a deterioration during the last two years or new store first year revenues running about the same level as they were two years ago?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: We look at this ongoing and our new stores are pretty consistent with what they have been in the past although the last year it was a little bit softer, Tom you got the numbers there, won't you?
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: When we look historically they're within our expected range, if we look back through the years the overall environment for the industry has an impact on not just the comp stores, but the new stores, so when we look at 06 and 07 stores they're comparative to classes that started in situations where the industry was not on a high note. So they're within our expectations.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: There is a follow-up question, if you have noted that, if you were to acquire CSK that it would have some impact on your greenfield expansion, but you may fill an existing distribution needs. I was curious as to when you are looking at your distribution needs and you are look at the Carolina, is that a market where you may need an additional distribution center to support your growth and there is something you will pursue even if you want to acquire CSK?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Most likely we would at some point... we are not, we haven't penetrated in many of those markets to the degree that we would like to and... will add distribution capacity in that area.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: And that will happen regardless of whether or not you buy CSK?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Okay, great. Thanks.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, thanks guys. Can you just comment on a couple of questions; one is, I think the SG&A in 07 have been impacted by moving into more metro markets for this profit and more higher opening costs. Do we I think continues into 08 and then a follow-up, the second question would be, just can you talk about the comps on the commercial side versus the retail side in the fourth quarter, what you are seeing in really 08 in that 3% to 5% expectation, is it more skewed to one versus the other? Thanks.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: : Okay. Well, first of all, we continue to open stores in both rural and metro markets and to some degree we may have a little higher payrolls that started in metro markets than we might have in a rural market, our intent is, I mean what we have historically proven is that we typically are able to grow sales quicker and ultimately higher in those markets than we are in the rural markets, so we fully leveraged the additional payroll. So, we don't relate so much to that... the position of our stores, as we do just kind of timing of new store openings and the management of the pre-opening payroll and things like that. So we are working on being better, I think we are in a lot better position right now than we have been, and then also, just in these metro markets as we add stores leaving the advertising leverage which is the positive attributes. On comps retail versus wholesale, our retail we don't report them separately, as I think everyone knows, but of the 2.1% comps, our wholesale comps were better than our retail comps, that our retails comps were still positive. And then we look forward to 3% to 5% guidance for this year, we would expect that our forming counts to the wholesale side of our business would be somewhat stronger than what our retail comps are, but we are still projecting positive comps on the retail side of our business.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. Just a quick follow-up on the store openings are... can you talk about a percentage or so, if you have that stores that are opening in metro markets versus rural areas in 08. How is that difficult in 07?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Ted you have --
Ted Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. I mean as I mentioned a while ago, we made the initial entry in that almost a half at the pre-key metro market in 08 we'll continue to fill out those markets, as much as we can, as fast as we can it's because of the leverage and everything, but as far as the break down, I would say, historically, it's probably been about 60% rural markets or freestanding markets you might say, and probably 35%, 40% in multi-single metro type markets, and I don't see that really changing much.
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thanks.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Benedict with Wachovia.
Peter Benedict - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLc: Hi, guys thanks for taking the question. Just Tom, I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on the 08 CapEx, maybe how it's breaking down distribution spend, new stores, any kind of color on that front?
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: We don't give too much detail on the breakdown of that number.
Peter Benedict - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLc: Okay. How about -- can you give us the stock option expense number for the fourth quarter or for the year that we just completed?
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, hold on just one second. On your CapEx question, we try to avoid... 2 is not to answer that because our distribution network and what changes we are going to make we would rather not disclose that until we have firm commitments on when we are going to open. For the stock option expense, for the year, we were up at about 7 basis points over the prior year. Are you looking for a number?
Peter Benedict - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLc: Yes, if you have it.
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: $4.9 million versus $2.8 million in 06.
Peter Benedict - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLc: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on the trade down that you guys were talking about, how long has that kind of been in place, has that been evolving over the course of the last year or did they kind of see a big step-up in the fourth quarter?
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: No, it's been evolving over the last year or two. Really, it's kind of something that began following the gasoline price increases that we saw following the hurricanes in 05. And I mean, it's just kind of evolved as consumers have gotten more financially pressured and just have to make decisions to maintain their household budget as best they can, while meeting the demands that they have functioning every day.
Peter Benedict - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLc: Fair enough. Would you say it's more pronounced in the fourth quarter than it was probably at the first three quarter of the year or somewhat?
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I wouldn't say it's more pronounced. I say it's pretty somewhat low in the first three quarters of the year.
Peter Benedict - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLc: Great. Thanks so much.
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cid Wilson with Kevin Dann & Partners.
Cid Wilson - Kevin Dann & Partners: Can you give us some further color in terms of your advertising and your marketing strategies. I guess last year we've noticed that you've been advertising and doing strategically some basketball games for example, in markets where you don't have stores yet, but may be give us some color on what your advertising strategy is?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our strategy is in expansion markets to make our brand a household-known brand in all of these new markets. We do that in several different ways, we use radio to promote just in the brand recognition, but also values that we have in our stores are reasons the customers like coming in our stores. We used prints inserts and newspapers and direct mail run advisements and drive the traffic, and then as you see if you watch college basketball or NASCAR racing, we do as much as we can in programs advertising with basketball and NASCAR feeling like both of those are good demographics for us and the end-program advertising avoids the pitfalls of TV advertising that's primarily is a result of the TIVO devices and satellite devices that a lot of people use now. And we feel like we got a of good value and those end-program advertising that we do with motor sports. And then a big part of our advertising program is just kind of grass root stuff that we do with local they are tracks motor sports, local events like media Hispanic festivals in South Texas or car show and things like that. We feel like we get a lot of local benefit from participating in small local events that can significantly improve our recognition in the small market or even in the larger metro market as opposed to some of the nationally advertisings that we don't fully benefit from because of our geographic footprint.
Cid Wilson - Kevin Dann & Partners: Any changes in cost that you can give guidance on?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: We would expect to spend about the same amount on a percent of sales basis in 08 that we did in 07, though we commented few times that we made the constant decision in 07 to spend a little bit more on advertising. We ended up the year about 10 basis points higher on the advertising expense in 07 versus 06, we would expect that same percent of sales get carried in 08.
Cid Wilson - Kevin Dann & Partners: And then my next question is regarding distribution centers, now that you have Indianapolis up any guidance in terms of which direction you maybe going as we start looking at your next location for DC?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Well are currently building a DC in Lubbock, Texas that will allows us to further expand in the West Texas and New Mexico and that would be our next distribution center.
Cid Wilson - Kevin Dann & Partners: Did you say Mexico or New Mexico?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: New Mexico.
Cid Wilson - Kevin Dann & Partners: Okay. Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.Thank you, Cid.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: I know you guys have had a lot of competition in all of your markets, but it seems like a lot of your competitors are trying to focus increasingly on the commercial side of the business. So given the difficulty, everyone seems to be having driving retail traffic into their stores. What kind of impact do you guys expect from -- let's call it the increasing competitive pressures on your commercial side of business?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, going back -- all of us here have been in the business for a long time, and Ted and David and I specifically have been at O'Reilly for a very long time. And much of our management team is in the same case. And we have always had a whole lot of competition on the wholesale side of the business, I know in the publicly traded companies, we're recognized as one of the companies that best penetrate that is side of the business, in addition to genuine car and large privately held companies auto parts or car quest. Outside of those guys there are just... there are lot of competitors in the wholesale side of the business and all it happens and lot of them are really good at what they do, and over the years we've learned to compete with them. But, you never get nearly all of the business; you can get the first call status, which means that every time the shopping's apart they call you first. With some of the retailers coming into that business, obviously they're another competitor, in most cases they are not as well equipped as competitors that we already had or really, I would, Tom comments, meaning in every case, we are not as well equipped as competitors that we already have. So we view it as something that we keep an eye on, and something we're always aware of, but we're very used to it and accustomed to dealing with competition on the wholesale side of the business. It's what we do and what we have always done and we are moving forward and spend as a new competitor to some degree, and that's our plan. Ted, do you have any comments on that.
Ted Wise - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer: I think then it will have increased level of competition there, but I think it will also be some consolidation in the marketplace as a weaker suppliers, and Greg was talking about basically besides that they can't make it. So, I think its high we'll continue to get... be there for us, we'll hold the type of market share we're accustomed to.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: And then, just another housekeeping item. As you guys have moved into both larger and smaller markets, let's call it a little bit more diverse. Have you guys changed the size of your box at all, are there any alterations that happen as you move around into different markets and realize there might be some slightly different real estate restrictions as you move into different markets? Thanks.
Tom McFall - Executive Vice-President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we a couple of years ago our prototype store was 60 to 100 feet and we increased the displaced... basically to be competitive at the retail level from an image standpoint and also increase the outcome in that front. And that touches right up on 7,000 square feet. Now, we've got two or three different size of prototypes and we go into small market, we go back 6,000 to 6,400 foot store, and in the larger multi-small [ph] markets we'll dial that up to 8,500 square feet, or it never takes to carry the amount of inventory we need to be competitive in the marketplace. So, basically our prototypes were has been increased in the last couple of years about roughly 10% square footage.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: All right, that's helpful. And then just to our previous [ph] question. All right thanks a lot guys.
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: We have no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Greg Henslee - Co-President and Chief Executive Officer: I would just like to thank everyone for attending our call this morning, and continued interest in our company. And we'll look forward to talking to you again following our completion of the first quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom McFall - CFO and EVP, Finance Greg Henslee - CEO and Co-President Ted Wise - COO and Co-President
Analysts: Bill Sims - Citigroup Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market Richard Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Scott Stember - Sidoti & Co. Dan Wewer - Raymond James Colin McGranahan - Bernstein Jeff Sonnek - Friedman Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Operator: Good morning, everyone. My name is Jacob, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd now like to welcome everyone to today's 2007 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there'll be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, everyone, please limit your questions to one question only and one follow-up question. At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Tom McFall, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance: Thank you, Jacob. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, I'd like to read a brief statement. The Company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will or similar words. In addition, statements contain within this press release that are not historical fact, are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing among other things, expected growth, store development and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions; they are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risk associated with the integration of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 for more details. At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Henslee.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks Tom. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2007 conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer; and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman is also present but won't be participating in the prepared comments. Considering the continuation of the challenging economic environment we've experienced so far this year, we are very pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date performance. Our team continues to focus on the fundamentals of providing highest levels of customer service to both our professional customers and our do-it-yourself customers, and we are very encouraged with the steadiness of our comparable store sales growth throughout the third quarter resulting in a 4.3% increase. As discussed on our second quarter Analyst Call, business started picking up coming into the third quarter and comparable store sales remain steady at a healthy pace through out this period. This stronger pace of business has continued to this point in the fourth quarter. There is no question that our team is very focused on gaining market share in our newer markets as well as defending and growing our share of business in some of our older markets. We are extremely proud of the job our team has done, as we continue to grow the Company at a rapid pace, and I want to thank all members of team O'Reilly for all their efforts in insuring the continued success of our business and for the great levels of customer service we work so hard to provide. While 4.3% comparable store sales for the quarter is a solid improvement over second quarter, we continue to feel that many of our core customers remained very challenged economically. Primarily due to the effects of higher energy costs resulting in inflationary pressures which were driving many customers to differ as much vehicle maintenance as they reasonable can. Our business is very resilient to the consideration of deferment, however, we continue to see the effects of the challenges many consumers face in some of our more discretionary categories as well as in some of our premium lines, where economically stressed customers might opt for an entry-level product or a lower price product. Other evidence of deferment comes from the professional side of our business. As we visit our customer shop, we have heard many of the shop managers make comments about customers that are delaying repairs that can be deferred and in many cases opting to do only the bare minimum to keep their vehicle on the road. Obviously, these repairs can't be deferred forever. And over time, we continue to expect positive future results as we benefit from the release of this pent-up demand. Over the past couple of weeks, we completed our divisional strategic planning meetings which consist of asking all our divisional Vice Presidents, our Regional Managers and our District Managers for their input in determining any opportunities we may have to improve the business in the coming year. We received a lot of solid input from our leaders in the field and this information is the basis for putting together our Company's strategic plans for the upcoming year. Like years passed, our focus continues to be on improving execution of the basic fundamentals which include hiring the right people for our new store locations and training them to provide the highest level of customer service in our business and to live the O'Reilly culture which is key to our success. Continuing to focus on being the dominant supplier and partner to our professional customers, while at the same time take advantage of the opportunity we feel we have to grow our retail market share. Continuing focus on improving the systems and processes we used to set our prices and to deploy inventory in each of our distribution centers and store locations. And levering technology to improve productivity and access the information across the Company. In addition to continuing our refinement as the basic fundamental of growing our business over the next year, our plan for 2008 calls for the addition of 205 new store locations, as well as the construction and year-end opening of our fifteenth distribution center which will be located in Lubbock, Texas and will serve the West Texas market as well as expansion into the Mexico. Now on to a little more detail about our third quarter performance. Our gross margin for the quarter came in at 44.4% of sales compared to 44.1% last year, a 30 basis point improvement in line with our gross margin guidance of 44% to 44.4%. We continue to attribute our gross margin improvements over the past few quarters to a combination of good, solid management of our distribution cost as well as our ongoing category management efforts. We are very diligent in managing our selling prices and looking for ways to improve our gross margin yet maintain our competitive position as we work to gain market share in both our older, more established market, and our newer expansion markets. We also continue to explore more direct importing of faster moving products which over time will have a positive effect on our acquisition cost. Competitor pricing on both the retail and wholesale sides of our business remains consistent with no significant changes other than occasional promotion and price changes due mainly to raw material costs. We've not seen any significant strategy changes in the marketplace over the past quarter. In distribution and logistics, we continue to be very pleased with the technology investments we have made in the recent past. Things like voice activated picking and improved slotting analysis are improving our productivity in material handling while at the same time improving our shipping accuracy. We are also very pleased with the onboard computer systems, we have installed in our over-the-road trucks. These devices allow us to monitor driving habits and coach our drivers on ways to improve fuel mileage. We monitor simple things like idle times, shift patterns, RPMs and speed. These systems have allowed us to improve the average fuel usage of our over-the-road trucks from 6.3 miles per gallon a year ago to 6.8 miles per gallon today, mitigating a meaningful portion of the per gallon fuel cost increases we have experienced. Operating expenses for the quarter increased 40 basis points to 31.9% of sales from 31.5% last year. This increase can be attributed to three primary factors. First, we continue to experience delays in construction and permitting of new stores, which has pushed several of our new store openings that were planned for the third quarter into the fourth quarter. In many cases, we've carried more pre-opening payroll for these delayed stores than we would have liked. It's very important that we make sure our stores are staffed with trained and qualified team members at opening and we are very focused on our new store opening schedule and are working to better manage these delays. Second; as we've mentioned on previous conference calls, we are spending a little more on retail marketing and advertising this year. Year-over-year we are planning for an approximate 15 basis point increase in advertising and marketing spend. Then third, like every company that uses stock options as an incentive, we're expensing stock option grants as payroll as part of the required accounting changes. Operating margin came in at 12.5% compared to the 12.6% last year and net margin was 8%, even with last year. During the quarter, we opened an additional 43 new stores bringing our new store openings for the year to 134 behind where we plan to be at this point of the year due to the construction and permitting delays I mentioned earlier. We plan to make up the difference this quarter and are on plan to complete the opening of 190 new stores this year as was previously announced. We ended the quarter with 1,774 stores bringing our inventory investment to $857 million, a 5.1% increase over third quarter of last year supported by a 10.8% increase in sales. We continue to be very pleased with our ability to systematically put what we consider to be the right inventory in each of our distribution centers and stores. These inventories are completely customized to the markets they serve and we feel the effectiveness of these systems are reflected in our continued solid comparable store sales performance and in our ability to incrementally grow sales at a rate stronger than we're growing our inventory investment. Inventory turnover remained equal compared to last year at 1.6 times on a total asset basis and turnover, net of payables, improved to 3 times from 2.8 times third quarter last year due to our ongoing efforts to manage strong relationships with our vendors and to negotiate the best possible payment terms. Our accounts payable, as a percent of inventory, increased 490 basis points from 41.9% last year to 46.8% this year. To summarize, we're very encouraged by our performance in the third quarter. We'd certainly like to have a little stronger comparable store sale but feel we are fairing very well in a pretty tough environment. While we don't disclose same-store sales by business category, I will say that on a comparable store basis both sides of our business, professional and DIY, grew nicely in the third quarter. We continue to feel that our dual market strategy is an ideal business plan for our industry and we continue to look for ways to improve our execution of this plan. As we move into more and more markets, we realize the effectiveness of our ability to be a core supplier to professional customers in each market as we work to gain retail market share. Obviously, our roots are in the professional side of the business and that heritage is reflected throughout our company from our distribution networks to the national preferred brands we carry which are the brands of choice among many professional installers and are a great sale up opportunity for the serious do-it-yourselfers that want to do a professional quality job. This year we are celebrating our 50th anniversary, and some of the brands that we carry are the brands we carried since day one. As I mentioned before, we continue to believe that the economic condition of the average household is driving many consumers to defer some of the maintenance items that can be deferred and we will benefit from that pent-up demand in the future. We are currently on a trend of several solid weeks of healthy comparable store sales growth and want to mention that because of our calendar quarter reporting period, our same-store sales in the third quarter included one additional Sunday than last year's third quarter. This additional Sunday had an approximate 50 basis point negative effect on comps for the quarter, so on an equal day of week comparison we would have reported comparable store sales in the high 4% range. Considering that we will be short one Sunday in the fourth quarter compared to last year, making up for the extra Sunday we had in the third quarter combined with the solid weekly same-store sales trend we are on, we are raising our comparable store sales guidance for the fourth quarter to 4% to 6%. Again, we want to thank every member of team O'Reilly for the great job they did in the third quarter and for their commitment to providing our customers with the highest levels of service in our business. I will now turn the call over to Ted Wise our Chief Operating Officer.
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. As Greg mentioned, we installed 43 stores last quarter bringing the total to 134 year-to-date. This is approximately 8 stores short of where we would like to have been at the end of the third quarter. The good news, however, is we are back on schedule and we will be installing another 56 stores to reach our goal of 109 stores for the year. This year's development schedule has been challenging due to both weather and permitting delays, and we anticipated that construction in the Northern State would be more difficult from a weather standpoint. But we've also found out that we're facing longer review and permitting process time with both cities and the DoT, or the Department of Transportation. Development along the East Coast states also have some of these same issues but to somewhat of a lesser degree. This year has been a learning curve in this area, working with these timing issues which has prompted us to make adjustments in our staffing and planning processes, and help us realize that we will need to increase the number of properties in the pipeline along with making improvements and adjustments in dealing with the timing and permitting and constructions cycles we are faced with. With that being said, we are comfortable establishing a goal of 205 new stores for next year. I would also like to mention that we relocated 14 existing stores bringing us to a total of 30 stores relocated year-to-date and we have another 8 relocations for a balance of 38 by year-end which I believe is a record number of relocations in a year and has certainly been a big part of our growth focus this year. A majority of these were in the Midwest store group and as anticipated we are seeing good sales results tied to these relocations. Now, I will give you just a little bit more detail on our store growth by State. Texas again was a key state with 16 new stores that included our first 2 stores in the El Paso market area, which we feel is going to be a great multi-store market for us. As announced, we are in the process of building the new DC and Lobby in Texas that will support the additional stores in El Paso and in West Texas as well New Mexico. This DC will start-out by servicing a number of existing stores in West Texas that's now being handled by our Dallas and Oklahoma DC that will free up needed space and these DC's for additional growth in those market areas as well as provide some nice freight savings for these stores transferred to the new Lobbying DC that's quite a bit closer. We installed nine new stores in Georgia. In the Ohio Valley, out of our ND DC we added seven stores in the, ND, Indiana and 6 stores in Ohio. And Minnesota also received 6 new stores that are now being serviced out of our recently relocated Minneapolis DC. The balance of the store expansion was spread out in 12 states across the company. Now, rounding out the third quarter store development activity, we also renovated 20 stores and completed installation of our new interior dZcor package in another 27 stores. All-in-all an extremely busy schedule for our development installation teams, and we appreciate the confidence, the commitment and the hard work it takes to accomplish this level of expansion in projects... number of projects. Now for just a brief overview of our marketing efforts last quarter, we were major sponsors in 30 motor sports events last quarter. Just to mention a few of the larger events, the Ohio, the O'Reilly Thunder Valley NHRA in Bristol, Tennessee; the NASCAR Truck Busch Race at the O'Reilly Raceway Park in Indianapolis, the O'Reilly 200 NASCAR Truck Race at Bristol, Tennessee; the O'Reilly Mid-South NHRA National in Memphis, Tennessee; the O'Reilly NHRA Fall Nationals, in Dallas; and the O'Reilly Qualifying Days for the NASCAR Kansas race. We continue to see our motor-sports marketing, both at the national level as well as the grass roots and local level as a great investment in building the O'Reilly brand with a seriously DIY customer as well as our professional installers. In the area of Hispanic marketing last quarter, O'Reilly was major event sponsors at 12 regional Hispanic festival and fairs that drew an attendance of over 500,000 people. On the installer side or the do-it-for-me side of our business, our professional sales teams continue to build relationships in the field based on our superior inventory coverage and level, our competitive pricing and overall higher service level. Our certified auto repair marketing program for our installers that has now grown to 1,850 participants in approximately two years, and we continue to sign up around 50 new shops every month. On the store technology, our new infinity point-of-sale system has now been installed in over half of our stores and the balance to be completed by the end of the year. Right track training learning management system is fully implemented in the stores with all of our existing training programs converted to computer-based modules on our team. And many new modules are now under-development and will be rolling out to our store team members. Store scheduling has been well received as important tool for our managers to better plan and staff retail sales traffic. Our management team is more focused then ever for, at providing the outstanding service level that will grow our DIY retail market share, not only in existing expansion markets, but as we enter the new expansion markets. Last quarter the 4.3 same-store sale on top of 4.3 sales increase year-to-date is a result of our dual market strategy and the outstanding job that our team is doing, providing the service level to both the DIY customer and the professional customer. I want to turn it over to Tom now for more comments.
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance: Thanks Ted. Now to move on to the numbers. Sales were up 10.8% to $652 million for the quarter with comparable store sales of 4.3% for stores opened greater than 12 month versus 3.6% for the third quarter of 2006. Year-to-date sales increased 11.2% to $1.92 billion, and the comparable store-sales 4.3% versus 3.6% in the prior year. Sales to independent jobbers for the third quarter of $12.4 million decreased 0.8% from the prior year. Gross profit was 44.4% of sales for the quarter versus 44.1% in the prior year. Year-to-date gross profit was 44.3% of sales versus 43.9% in the prior year. Improvement was primarily due to improved product mix and distribution efficiencies. SG&A for the quarter was 31.9% of sales versus 31.5% in the prior year. The de-leverage was a result of higher pre-openings, store labor expense as result of delays in new store opening, higher advertising costs, increased stock option expense and professional fees relating to tax planning with the resulting savings appearing on the income tax line. For the year SG&A was 31.7% of sales versus 31.3% in the prior year. The increase as a percent of sales was primarily attributed to higher advertising costs in industry... increased stock option expense. Operating income for the quarter was 12.5% of sales versus 12.6% in the prior year. Year-to-date operating income was 12.6% of sales versus 12.7% in the prior year. The tax provision was 36.4% of pre-tax income for the quarter versus 36.5% in the prior year. Both years were positively impacted by changes in contingent tax reserves. The year-to-date tax rate was 36.9% of pre-tax income for both 2007 and 2006. Net income for the quarter was $53.1 million versus $47.9 million in the prior year, an increase of 10.9%. For both years net income was 8% of sales. Year-to-date net income was a $153 million versus a $138 million in the prior year. Year-to-date net income in both years was again 8% of sales. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.46 versus $0.42 in the prior year on a 116.3 million shares which is an increased of 9.5%. Year-to-date earnings per share was a $1.32 versus a $1.20 in the prior year, a 10% increase. Moving on to the balance sheet, inventory was $857 million, up $42 million from September 2006. This represents a 5% increase in inventory over last year versus an 11% increase in store count over the same period. Total assets were $2.3 billion, a $316 million increase from September 2006. The increase was due to increased cash-on-hand of $69 million and growth in fixed asset and inventory related to store distribution center growth. Accounts payable of $401 million was an increase of $60 million over September 2006. AP to inventory of 46.8%, increase from 41.9% at September 2006. The AP to inventory ratio was positively impacted by better vendor terms and improved leverage of inventory at the store level and the newer DCs. Debt levels were $101 million at the end of the third quarter for this year and last year. Debt-to-capital was 6.1% with debt-to-EBITDA up 0.3 times. Short-term debt increased $25 million over prior year related to our private placement note that is due May 2008. EBITDA for the quarter was $105 million, 15.9% of sales, year-to-date EBITDA of $302 million is an increase of 12.4% over the first three quarters of 2006. Other performance measures were return on equity of 13.5% at the end of the quarter, returns on assets 9.2% and return on invested capital 12.9%. For some other financial information, during the third quarter the reserve for LIFO decreased $5.2 million. Depreciation was $20.8 million for the quarter, a $57 million year-to-date. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $79 million and $220 million year-to-date. Interest expense was $1 million for the quarter and $2.6 million year-to-date. For the quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $90 million with a positive free cash flow of $11 million. For the year, cash flow from operating activities was $282 million, which is a 76% increase over the prior year. Free cash flow year-to-date was $62 million, an increase of $77 million over the prior year. This year's strong free cash flow performance has been the result of improved EBITDA, better average per store inventory levels, and increases in payable terms offset in part by higher capital expenditures. Now for guidance; as Greg mentioned earlier, our fourth quarter guidance for comp store sales is 4% to 6% and diluted earnings per share is $0.37 to $0.41 per share versus $0.35 per share in the fourth quarter of 2006. For our full year guidance, capital expenditures, $270 million to $280 million; interest expenses of approximately $3.5 million for the year; depreciation of $78 million to $80 million for the year; the guidance for tax rate is 36.9% to 37.1% of pre-tax income; free cash flow should be $40 million to $50 million for the year; gross margin of 44.3% to 44.4% of sales; revenues of $2.5 billion to $2.55 billion; and comp store sales of 4% to 5%; and diluted earnings per share guidance is $1.69 to $1.73 with stock options. At this time, I would like to ask Jacob, the operator, to come back. And we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jacob? Question And Answer
Operator: : Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. First question or comment comes from Bill Sims with Citigroup.
Bill Sims - Citigroup: Thank you very much. Good morning.
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance: Good morning.
Bill Sims - Citigroup: As early stated that customer remains economically challenged and we have seen that throughout retail, but at the same time you said are seeing stronger pace of business continuing to fourth quarter. Can you help us all understand what do you see and whether it's from a geographic prospective, product category perspective, put us in the heads of your consumer and why do you think we are seeing the pick-up in market share gains, etcetera.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, as we said, coming out of the second quarter, business had started out stronger in the third quarter and its been pretty amazingly consistent with the exception of the one months that we had, the extra Sunday, of course, our comparable store-sales for that month were a little lower than what they had been the other two months. But week-by-week comps have been strong and continued strong, to some degree... and I hate to think that 4.3% comps would be the release of any pent-up demand, and I don't feel that way, but I do think that some of the repairs that have delayed over a period of time, they had to be made, and while consumers are still very economically stressed there is just some things you can't put off and those things are coming in for repairs now, so we are seeing some benefit from that probably. Regionally or geographically, we continue to not do as well in the Gulf Coast states. The benefit of, on a comparable store sales from the recovery from Katrina was significant and last for long time and... while that's improved a lot, we still maybe aren't doing quiet as well there as what we had been following Katrina, but we continue to see incremental improvements. Other than that our comparable store sales were pretty steady and good throughout the company.
Bill Sims - Citigroup: All right, thank you. And one quick follow-up, as you continue your double-digit pace of growth are you finding it more challenging at all to maintain this kind of productivity or you still seeing plenty of opportunity out there, both, from a store perspective and the performance you are seeing in new store?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, every store, every new store varies, and a lot of it depends on the team you put in place when you open the stores as far as how fast it comes up. From purely an expansion standpoint, real estate on the East Coast is obviously a challenge, and to find good properties that fit our business model at a price we want to pay is an ongoing challenge and we work real hard to do that. Ted, do you have any additional comments on that.
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Well, obviously, I was just looking the other day, this year we've gone into, probably, more major markets than on the average expansion year, for instance, like today, in Ohio, Columbus, Cincinnati, and those are multi-store markets. So, it really takes a little longer for that group of stores to get off the ground, because you have to start with a hub store, big inventory, since you don't have a distribution center there. I mean, you feel the marketing, and so kind of the strength of those stores, they evolve as you get better store count and staffing starts to mature out, so some of those markets are... perhaps a little bit longer term as far as getting the results that you might if you go in with one store and one store market with less competition.
Bill Sims - Citigroup: Thank you, Greg and Ted.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning, Tony.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: Maybe, you can comment a little bit on how much the delays in store openings, and what's going on with real estate actually might have caused you in the quarter. I know you talked about that being part of the de-leverage, and is that something that acts as a headwind until you sort of figure these things out and how should we approach that going forward?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, what happens is, Tony, is in the second quarter with some of the heavy rains in our extension markets, we got behind on a construction schedule, and then when you do that you subsequently get behind on permitting, so it is a little bit of a headwind, we view it as something that's temporary and fixable, but it will carry into the fourth quarter because we are opening a lot more stores in the fourth quarter than what we have planned. And some of those from a pre-opening payroll standpoint, we will carry some payrolls that we would not be generating the adequate revenue from, but it's a right thing to do for the individual store opening. A part of it has to do with just the timing of construction and the weather-related construction, part of it has to do with permitting. We're doing everything we can to better control when we complete our stores and when we open our stores, but sometimes you get into situations with municipalities that are just a challenge to deal with, and take a little bit of time and then of course the weather has an impact on construction. So, we don't view this as anything that would have a long-term effect on our ability to expand at a rate similar to what we are expanding, but it is something that we'll never... not be a challenge. And this year because of the weather in second quarter has turned into more of a challenge toward the end of the year than we would have liked.
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: And then, Tony, I might add, anytime we have a store delay, depending on where it's at in relationship to other stores. That payroll just doesn't sit around, it's back in existing stores, they are getting better training, they are helping that store give higher service level, so there is some positive there, although we much rather have a store open on time.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: And then Tony to answer your core question, can we quantify it? No, we really can't, we really aren't quantifying the SG&A effect of that. And this time we have some...
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance: Well, I think Tony if you look at the fourth quarter guidance you will see it's a little below where consensus had been and that reflects these delays and the cost that are going to be associated with that primarily payroll and then of course we would like to open stores in the first or second quarter, it's better for the economics of the store, but again this is a temporary item that we get these stores out there and get them running.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: Okay. And I guess as my follow-up, if you look at a 4.3 or a better then that comp, traditionally should we expect to see leverage on that type of number and is that basically, really, the difference between de-leverage now and maybe 6 months or 12 months from now what we can expect?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes, we continue to believe that we'll leverage SG&A, 3.5 to 4. Obviously, this quarter we did not and we associate that with these temporary delays in store openings. We see that still being a headwind in the fourth quarter, but plan on correcting it after that, but now that the stores are in the pipeline and staffs that have been hired are hired we need to roll through this cycle.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Rick Weinhart with BMO Capital Markets.
Richard Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning, gentlemen.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning, Rick.
Richard Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: My question is on the acquisition front. First of all did you have any acquisitions in the quarter, small ones, at all on that store opening path?
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Yes, we... in the third quarter we had four acquisitions.
Richard Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Yes there was four, one was a two-store chain that's actually how we entered the El Paso market.
Richard Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Great. And I am just wondering out the environment there. Given that we've now been in a, let's say an industry slowdown for several quarters, I think the expectation was at the beginning of this that you might see some more opportunities in that area. Are you seeing any at this point, it doesn't seem from the numbers but maybe there's more discussions going on than previously?
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: We have got a person that's in charge of discussing acquisitions all the time and we are out there looking hard. Again, we are very opportunistic. It's got to be a right fit from both an acquisition cost and just the culture of the store we are buying. And so we are, again, we're in conversation now with two or three smaller chains. Now where they will go there is no guarantee and we certainly don't base our store growth on that to any degree.
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance: Rick,this is Tom, we continue to see that as a very good avenue for us to expand, it's been very successful in the past. The four stores that we bought this quarter, we obviously, like that to be a bigger number going forward. We will continue to work hard in that area, but we'll remain disciplined in what we pay.
Richard Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That's great. It reminds me just in the past I mean is it usually your... the multiples that you look at when you pay for these deals?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Most of them are asset... we buy the inventory and the goodwill so to speak is the difference between what they pay for the inventory and what we pay for inventory because we typically we buy the inventory of what they paid for it, and sometimes depending on their business there maybe a small component of goodwill but they are not bought on a multiple of profits, they are bought more on asset basis.
Richard Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And this is my last follow-up here. The... on the... your last major acquisition in Midwest. Originally you talked about getting operating margins up to the O'Reilly chain business. I haven't heard an update on that, I know it's been some time. Have we reached that level yet?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes, some of the stores out there are obviously are lower volume stores and probably haven't or hadn't reached the sales averages that we would like to see but there are low occupancy expense stores and because of our acquisition cost and our managing of price and the market share gains that we've made out there, those stores now fit well into what we would expect out of a typical O'Reilly Store.
Richard Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thanks very much gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Hey guys, it's Scot Ciccarelli.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: I was wondering if you guys might be able to provide us with any feedback either from the stores or I guess primarily from your commercial customers on the kinds of cutbacks that they are seeing from their customers, what kind of maintenance things are customers delaying at this point, just so we get a better feel for it. What are people willing to pay for in this environment and what are they not willing to pay for in this environment?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: The thing that I have heard most prevalent is the air-conditioning repairs, this time of the year, obviously, and especially with some of the markets that we are in, which can be very hot markets in the summer time. And the fact that air-conditioning repairs are very expensive repair on cars today or can be, air-conditioning repairs are being deferred. And we see that as we look at our sales by category. And I would guess that our competitors see much of the same thing. I think the only reason in this environment you wouldn't see that is if you had just a really bad year or the year before in air-conditioning for reasons that can be product reasons or availability reasons, things like that, but I think the air-conditioning business, as an industry, this summer has been down. Another category that suffers in times like this would be something like shock absorbers, where it's just an option to replace them. They are hydraulic dampening unit which if it doesn't work right in the car really it isn't going to make the car un-drivable. It does affect safety to some degree, but... and over time they have to be replaced, so this is something that can be deferred. Categories like, rotating electric starters and alternators, obliviously, can be deferred, brakes can be deferred, maintenance can be stretched a little bit, when it comes to oil changes and filters and so forth, but they still have to be maintained. So, primarily, when I referenced that, I was referencing to temperature control or air-conditioning sales.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: But Greg, I think that was actually mentioned last due in terms of FC, but is it fair to assume that's why not getting the core summer months here that, that should actually be less of a drag now?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes, I think from a comparison standpoint it will be. As the temp control moves to heater cores and hoses and so forth in the winter time, and those things if they still have to be repair the car in person inoperable.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Scott Stember with Sidoti.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Co.: To that point of weather. Could you talk about... obviously, we've seen some abnormally warm weather considering it's the fall. Has that had any impact one way or the other on your business and if we were to see this continue for the rest of the quarter could that have a negative impact?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, it's always hard to predict the impact of weather on your business. As I know you all know, the weather extremes from a short term perspective are good for our business, I mean, they cause some business that would have eventually come to maybe come a little bit quicker than normal. After immediate cool and wet, early part of the summer season this year, the latter part was hot and dry, which was obviously good for our business, and I have no doubt, contributed to our comparable store sales performance. If we had an extremely mild winter which I think is what you are referencing, if that was the case, that obviously wouldn't be as good for business short term as an extremely cold winter. But again those short term weather swings, really, in the long haul make very little difference. The weather is the weather and eventually parts that are going to fail, fail. Extreme weather conditions can cause them to fail quicker than they might normally, but we don't expect any negative effect at this point from weather in the quarter, but obviously if we have a role model winter, it would have some affect that would be hard to predict.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Co.: Okay. And could you maybe just explain, again, how the extra Sunday had a negative impact in the quarter. Just talk about that relationship one more time, I don't know if I got the whole discussion?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well Sundays are our lowest volume days of the week, and comparing you on a calendar quarter and our comparing our quarter this third quarter, we had one more Sunday in say the 90-day period than what we had last year. Those Sundays are such... so in affect we were comparing Sunday's business to a day-of-week business in the previous year, and that creates approximately a 50 basis point drag on comps for the quarter. We make that up in the fourth quarter. And it shoots up back the way we do our reporting, and many retailers do it week by week, so they have dead-even comparisons because this is not unlike the effect that a Sunday or any certain day of week would have on other businesses, and that's the reason so many companies go... even week comparisons because we are calendar quarter, we had this negative effect in the quarter. And I thought it was worth mentioning just from a pure calendar perspective and also one of the reasons that we see fourth quarter is having a little bit of a pick-up since we had the drag in the third quarter. Scot, because on Sunday virtually none of our installer customers are open. Really and not even half of our business doesn't operate on Sunday.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Co.: Okay.
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: And in some markets Scot, depending real markets, even ERs are a little shorter, as you are not open as long. It's a good retail day but it certainly doesn't offset the amount of wholesale business we do directly.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Co.: And just, Tom, just to clarify that $1.69 to $1.73 that is including stock options.
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance: That is including stock options, yes.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Greg, during the quarter your sales per square foot appears to decline about 1% despite same-store sales growing more than 4%, suggesting that new store sales volume are bit weak. Is this reflecting the startup in some of these major markets in Ohio that you alluded to?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: I think it's a reflection probably of that and then also just the timing of the new store openings to some degree. In any given store we have stores that we open that just not the cover up the ball the first month, and then we have stores that it takes some work to get them up and running, and this would be reflective of some of that, yes.
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Dan, something else that we've implemented this year. From a real estates standpoint, we are buying a big enough piece of dirt, but we are putting in a store that was just a little bit too small for what we wanted to do from a product presentation. So, we expanded the store by roughly 200 square feet, we added five-foot depth on our display floors, which doesn't sound like a lot but it's you know six inches in isle and two feet on the front isle and back isle and it made our store feel totally different as far as just being spacious and more shopable. So, that's having a small effect and will from now on from just going from a 6,800 square feet store to little bit over 7,000 square feet store.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: How does that impact the capital investment in any store?
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Very, very little, because what you have got is 200 square foot of additional building but it's not in per square foot, it's not a big increase at all. Maybe $15,000 a store; $20,000 a store, but again, the parking lot all the site were the investment of the dirt, it's stable, it's just adding a little bit more square footage inside. Didn't effect restrooms and eating, I mean, it's just really the cheapest square footage you could add and now the time to do it for the future. And also on the relocations we are upgrading a lot of these 38 stores will do. We are obviously moving because they are in small maybe acquisition stores, stores that we've outgrown that were the old 5,500 square foot or 6,000 square foot. And again we are moving up to that 6,800 to 7,200 square foot building. And your point, you know these hubs and these metro areas, instead of being in the 7,000 square foot range, they are anywhere from 10,000 square foot to 18,000 square foot.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: That's very helpful. And then just as a follow-up, you noted that your do-it-yourself business is growing well, yet if you look at your do-it-yourself revenues per store, it's substantially lower than some of the competitors. I know this has been an area that you are trying increase your focus but if you could give us an some of the things you are doing trying to make yourself more DIY relevant?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, as we said, we are seeing a little bit more marketing and advertising this year, just making sure that our brand is recognized in expansion markets. We are very focused when we spend money on print type promotions that we do the things and have done the research based on our past experience with promotions that are going to drive traffic into our store, and hopefully have customer experience higher level of service and better availability of inventory and turn those customers into DIY customers for O'Reilly. As you said, and I have said it several times, we see our retail sales growth as a huge opportunity for us. And really part of the push behind this scheduling system that we put out in the stores, that Ted mentioned, is that because of our wholesale heritage, our store managers and district managers inclination is to make sure that we are staffed very well to service professional side of the business during the week. And doing so and sometime cause us not to do as well in the prime retail times which are typically nice in weekends. And in the scheduling system has helped bring delight the store managers and DMs that maybe weren't doing as good a job staffing nice in weekends and taking advantage of what we see is the ideal time to increase our retail business, and start taking more retail market share.
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Great. Thank you, and good luck.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks.
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Colin McGranahan with Bernstein.
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein: Good morning.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein: Just wanted to revisit the construction delay and permitting question a little bit, I understand that when weather causes a construction delay the permitting process gets behind, but it sounded like also you are just seeing a more stringent or bureaucratic process in some of the markets, especially the Northeast. Is that the case, and is there anything you can change in your approach to streamline that and then, if not how do you manage your pre-opening given there is going to be greater variability in the time to get that store open.
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Yes, really, Colin, the weather is after the permitting process. You get the permit, you start the construction and then the weather kind of stops you. So, we've always dealt with weather issues and the only difference now is that you are dealing... we're working in Minnesota and markets like that. The bigger issue, probably this year, is just, to your point, the bureaucratic red tape that seems to be not only growing in the markets we are expanding into but even in the existing markets, it's just the whole mindset of City Hall and Department of Transportation to get a drive... I mean we had stores totally finished, merchandise in the store, and we haven't been able to get the Department of Transportation to give us a driveway permit for drive on the highway. Crazy things like that. It's frustrating, and what we found out, one major shift, we are making is we are outsourcing or we're getting local expediters to help us with a relationship as we are dealing with some of the new cities. And that's making a big difference, because people deal with people. And we are finding that it might cost us a few bucks upfront to get some local architects and expediters to help us through the permitting process. You could shave off literally months of red tape and sitting on somebody's desk. So that's one of the area, more local architects and people to help us be on the inside of getting permits. Another issue is just basically getting the CLO, once the building is done. Just a kind of sad story, we got stores opened right now... or not opened, but ready to open, and we were short one sensor for our heating system to go on the desk. It was backordered and the fire marshal wouldn't let us open the store because we don't have the sensor in this air duct. I mean that's some of the... again, the frustrating thing that we have to deal with but we are dealing with them. And again, we are adjusting, and then we know that part of solution is just to have more properties, as we continue to increase our store count, we also got to increase our pipeline and have more properties under construction at the same time realizing that this going to happen to some degree.
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up. Inventory turnover, relatively flat, I actually, calculated up about 2.5%. And I guess, strategically what kind of rate do you think you will be able to improve the inventory productivity on a gross basis going forward?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well we... in an ongoing way, since we've been running the company, we have always trying to improve it, and it's a challenge. The new model of cars and the changes in model of cars, and the changes in components makes this an ongoing challenge. So, we use a lot of systems as best to try to manage that. We like to see ourselves be able to get to 1.7 and grow from there, ideally we would like to get back to 2.0 turns, and we have been in 2 turns before. And with our growth that makes it a little bit of a challenge, because we have a lot inventory deployed in growing stores that don't turn the inventory very well until they are more mature. But over time we continue to internally target getting back to 2 turns but that's an optimistic goal considering our growth, but we continue to work with systems in various ways of trying to get there.
Colin McGranahan - Bernstein: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Jeff Sonnek with FBR.
Jeff Sonnek - Friedman Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Well, thanks, guys. Just to be absolutely clear, I mean you guys aren't, I guess, explicitly lowering your kind of expected square footage growth rate but this is more maybe a temporary hiccup related to this permitting store opening?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: That's right and I mentioned in my earlier comments that our plan for next year is to open 205 stores and then we will add a distribution center in Lubbock, so we've obviously been through some challenges late in the year, this year. We really got them pretty well under control, as we're probably talking about it more than is justified considering the internal controls we have of ramping the job up in a 190 stores this year, but no there is not a change, our plan next year is to open 205 stores.
Jeff Sonnek - Friedman Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Okay. And then just going back to the systems, I thought last quarter, Ted, said that few less rollouts should be done by the end of this... the 3Q, and now we're looking at year-end. Is there anything that happened or learnings you can share with us as to kind of why that timeline changed?
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: It's just the rollout. As we had a system in place as any software development, you find bugs and so they just had to stop, kind of freeze the rollout, go back, work the bugs out. It's very important that this thing is perfect, basically, by the time it gets totally out in the store. So, it's just, again, it's just the back of developing software and fixing the problems, and getting it rolled out. We're also allowing the districts to install the equipment and roll it out, so each district has one person that's going from store-to-store, so it just takes the amount of time to train, I mean, and get it in right. I mean, we would rather do it right, obviously, then push something out there and they have to pay a price?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: And, Jeff, just to add to that. The actual hardware that it takes to run the new POS system, that's completed we're all installed there. What we were doing is rolling out the software, since most of the software was either written by programmers that we employ or was contracted to programmers that are managed by the analysts that we employ. We were fully responsible for any glitches that are in the software. And if you have ever been involved with software development, you know there is very seldom a program written that doesn't have some bugs in it that have to be worked through, and since this is the system that manages our revenue stream, we are just extremely careful in making sure that it works right. But we are done with the software rollout now, and that's being done and we are well done enrolled with it.
Jeff Sonnek - Friedman Billings, Ramsey & Co.: And can you maybe just comment, I mean, where does POS fall within the larger kind of IT upgrade scheme. I mean, is this the most important thing as labor scheduling, where is everything kind of shake out?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, the way we do it, is we divide our IT resources into teams. And we have these various teams focus in different areas of the business. For instance, the IT team members that work in distribution on some of the things that they are doing, the difference is the voice activated picking and the various slotting analysis, things they do. They are completely separate from our retail team which focuses on the POS developments and other database things that enrich the customer experience when they are in our stores, and then we have teams that work in other parts of the company. So, I put our retail team and our POS system at the top of our list, but again there are programmers that focus on other areas of our business. And if you ask them, they would tell you that what they are working on is what they work on they focus on that a 100%.
Jeff Sonnek - Friedman Billings, Ramsey & Co.: That was really trying to get at, really was just anecdotally as you see the margin benefits or the incremental benefits to your business via all these new systems deployments, what will ultimately be the most important piece of this rollout?
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: The most important piece of the POS rollout is, one, just from the ability for a new team member to learn our system has greatly improved, it's more... it's a graphical user interface, it doesn't run on Windows system, but it's more similar to Windows-type user interface as compared to a green screen interface, which is what we were previously using. So, we'll benefit significantly from the time it takes for a team member to learn how to use our system and be proficient [Technical Difficulty]. it also lays the groundwork for us to enrich the data that we have available to our customers and to our parts specialist from a perspective of diagrams, pictures of products, repair information, and just all those things that you will have in maybe more like a web-based type system. It allows us to just enrich that transaction which over time is going to result in, we feel like better customer service and better productivity.
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: I also might add that it facilitates that our new learning management system, our computer-based training through every terminal in the store, so it's just, it will be a huge training asset for us.
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance: Jeff, to kind of pinpoint your question, if you look at our internal resource deployment and the capital expenditures, POS is definitely our most important project.
Jeff Sonnek - Friedman Billings, Ramsey & Co.: All right. Great, guys. Good luck thanks.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, sir, and thank you, everyone. We have now reached the allotted time for today's questions for today's conference call. Sir, are there any closing remarks.
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes, I just wanted to thank everyone for their continued interest in our company. We will work hard to make sure fourth quarter is a solid quarter [Technical Difficulty]. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, sir. That now does concludes today's conference call, everyone, you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-25 11:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Tom McFall - CFO and Executive Vice-President of Finance   Greg Henslee - CEO and Co-President   Ted Wise - COO and Co-President 
Analysts: Bill Sims - Citigroup   Armando Lopez - Morgan Stanley   Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets   Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities   Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets   Dan Wewer - Raymond James   Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company   David Cumberland - Robert Baird   Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs   Jeff Sonnek - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.   Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company   Seth Basham - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Unicky and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to O'Reilly Auto Parts 2007 second quarter earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operators Instructions]. I will now turns the call over to Tom McFall, CFO. Please go ahead sir. 
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President of Finance: Thanks you Unicky. Good morning everyone and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, our CEO, I would like to read a brief statement. The company claims the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as expect, believe, anticipate, should, plan, intend, estimate, project, will, or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions that are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risk associated with the integration of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the risk factors section of the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 for more details.  At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Henslee. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone welcome to our second quarter 2007 conference call. Participating on the call with me this morning is Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer, and of course, Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our Executive Chairman, is also present, but he won't be participating in the prepared comments.  I would like to start off by thanking Team O'Reilly for the great effort in the second quarter. Our team continues to offer the highest levels of customer service in our business, and while none of us were satisfied with our comparable store sales for the second quarter, we feel confident that our stores are providing the best combination of service, value, and availability in our business.  Second quarter was a very challenging quarter. In late April, on our first quarter conference call, we discussed how winter whether had returned in our markets at the beginning of April. And that business had slowed considerably from the pace we were on in March. With the exceptions of a few strong weeks during the quarter, that slower pace continued and we ended the quarter with 2% comparable store sales growth and 4.3% through the first 6 months of the year.  There are a couple of primary factors that we feel presented challenges in growing comparable store sales in the second quarter. I hate to talk about how unfavorable weather affects our business, but it can have a significant effect on sales in the short time.  At the end of the day, weather conditions are what they are and over time periodic favorable or unfavorable weather conditions make little difference to our long-term business results. But when looking at a short period of time, they can have meaningful effect.  This past quarter, after winter returned to many of our markets in April, we experienced a cycle of much greater than normal rainfall in many of our key markets. This past week, we had our regional managers in Springfield for our Annual Midyear Meting and several commented on how the ongoing rain in may markets had negatively affected business, especially our retail business.  In the Dallas, Fort Worth area, through the end of June, it had rained every weekend since mid-April. Bad weather weekends definitely impact our retail performance. To help define the effect the heavy rains in Texas and Oklahoma had on our overall comparable store sales performance, we calculated our comparable store sales excluding our Texas and Oklahoma regions, and the remaining stores in our company showed a comp store sales growth of 4% even. And that's not considering the other markets that were affected by rains and there were several other markets that were affected by rains pretty seriously also. As I've said, the weather is the weather and maintenance that is not performing today will most likely be performing later and it all levels our over time.  The other factor of course is fuel prices, which we feel are without question negatively effecting our business. We saw significant increases to record high fuel prices around Memorial Day and then more record highs in some of our markets in late June due to flooding in Kansas brought on by heavy rains, which flooded refineries creating fuel shortages in some areas which drove the price up in the markets serviced by those refineries. Our opinion is that many households are struggling to adjust to the higher cost of gasoline, and there is still a significant amount of maintenance that is being deferred, although miles driving continues to look relatively stable. Almost recent information from the Automotive Aftermarket Association shows a slight decrease in miles driven in January and February of this year, and increases in both March and April, which is the most recent period reported.  As we've discussed before, many of the product categories we carry can't be deferred. A customer may decide to save money and buy a value line starter rather than a premium line or a battery with fewer cold cranking amps than they should in order to decrease the cost of the purchase. But if a car needs a starter or a battery or many of the other categories in our business, the component will be replaced if the car is to stay on the road. However, there are categories like accessories that are completely discretionary. In application categories like shock absorbers and air conditioning that can be deferred.  This time of year, air conditioning is a pretty significant category for us. And so far this year, our temperature control business is down 10% on a total sales basis. By that, I mean we are comparing our total sales year-to-date this year to last year and we had about 175 more stores currently open than we had open this time last year.  We have a great air conditioning program in place this year and feel like we are positioned to capitalize on the seasonal business better than most of our competitors. And we attribute our underperformance to a combination of cooler than normal temperatures in the second quarter, all the rain fall we talked about, and the fact that an AC repair can't be deferred for some period of time. Recently, with much warmer temperatures in many of our markets, our AC business has improved and we are hopeful that many of the repairs that have been deferred will be performed as temperatures heat up.  With all this said, we are very confident that over time consumers will better adjust to higher gas prices and they will be built into the household budgets and whether, as it always does, normalizes in our company and our industry will see the benefit of some of the pent up demand that we feel has been created during this challenging economy.  Our gross margin for the quarter came in at 44.7% compared to 44.1% last year, a 60 basis point improvement. We attribute the stronger the anticipated gross margin to a combination of diligent management of distribution costs which resulted in a decrease of these costs as a percentage sales, our category management efforts and a slightly favorable product mix related to incremental growth in some of our private label lines, specifically related to the point I made earlier about many customers managing very challenging household budgets.  We continue to be very pleased with the technology investments we are making in our distribution centers and the positive effect of those investments are having on our distribution center expenses and our productivity, and we look for those investments to continue to stabilize and improve our distribution costs over time.  Operating expenses for the quarter increased 110 basis point to 32% of sales from 30.9% last year, simply due to loss of leverage. We continue to focus very intently on providing very high levels of customer service in our stores within the expense control boundaries that we set for each location. We feel like our store scheduling system is improving our ability to manage our store payroll expense more diligently without sacrificing the high levels of service our customers have come to expect. We feel we will continue to see incremental improvements in our ability to manage both payroll dollars and customer service levels as our managers continue to learn the new tools available in our system.  Operating margin for the quarter come in at 12.7%, down 50 basis points from 13.2% in the second quarter last year and net margin was 8.1% of sales compared to 8.3% last year. During the quarter, we opened an additional 44 net new stores, bringing our new store openings for the year to 91, on track to meet our plan to open an additional 190 new stores this year. We ended the quarter with 1731 stores. These additions, along with some duplication of inventory brought about by our relocation of the St. Paul, Minnesota, distribution center brought our inventory investment to $853 million, a 6.7% increase over the second quarter of last year, supported by the 8.8% increase in sales.  We continue to enhance the proprietary inventory management systems that we developed over the years to ensure we have the correct coverage in each of our store locations and distribution centers. These systems use a long list of variables and databases that we've developed based on years of experiences in the business that include what we believe to be the primary components necessary to accurately deploy and manage a store's inventory based on the vehicles it exists in a given store's market.  Inventory turnover remained equal compared to last year at 1.6 times on a total asset basis and turnover net of payables improved to 3 times from 2.8 times second quarter last year due to our ongoing efforts to negotiate the best possible payment terms with our vendors.  Our accounts payable as a percent of inventory increased 140 basis point from 44.8% last year to 46.2% this year. And looking back at our sales performance so far this year, there is a little question in my mind that higher fuel prices are a primary contributor to the more challenging comparable store sales environment. Consumers are spending more at the pump and have rest left for several things, one being maintenance of their car, and are having to make tough decisions in maintaining their cars, which results in many cases to maintenance and repairs that are either deferred completely or not performed the way they should be in an effort to save money. We feel this is creating significant pent-up demand in our business. However, it's going to take time for consumers to adjust higher fuel prices into their family budgets and many are struggling with it. We see this manifest itself in consumers that choose to buy the entry level brake pads or entry level belts and hoses, and other product lines in which we offer a value line in addition to our higher quality products.  In our professional customer shops, you will hear the shop owners tell you that there are a lot of customers today that want to do the bare minimum to get their cars back on the road, obviously trying to save money. Again, our opinion is that over time consumers will adjust to higher fuel costs and many of the air conditioners that aren't working will be repaired and the shock absorbers that are worn out will be replaced. People have too large of an investment in their cars and depend on them for the livelihood and safety of their family, not to maintain them correctly long term.  We also remain very confident that the growing number of vehicles on the road in the US coupled with the facts that average age of the vehicles are at record highs are going to continue to grow the overall automotive aftermarket business and that our business strategy, serving both the retail do-it-yourself market and the wholesale do-it-for-me market with equal focus is the right model for our business.  We view both sides of the business as growing, but have seen more growth in the do-it-for-me side of the business of late. We don't think this is necessarily an indication of a long-term trend and attribute this to some degree to the ability of the typical do-it-for-me customer to more easily incorporate higher fuel prices into their household budgets.  With only three weeks of business so far in the third quarter, it's hard to reflect on that short of a period as indicating a trend for the quarter as we have seen how quickly comparable store sales patterns can change. However, I can tell you that we have been relatively pleased with our sales performance over the past few weeks and are comfortable continuing our comparable store sales guidance of 3% to 5% for the third quarter and for the year. Again, we want to thank Team O'Reilly for their great effort in the second quarter under very challenging conditions and want to congratulate every team member on the solid second quarter results.  To expand a little further on our continued growth plans and some other internal initiatives, I will now turn the call over to Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Thanks Greg. Good morning everyone. In the area of store expansion, as Greg mentioned, we installed 44 news stores this past quarter, giving us a total of 1731 stores. That brings us to 91 new stores year-to-date, which is slightly short of our goal of being at 95, which is half way to our expansion goal of the 190 to 195 stores for the year. This was due to the excessive rains across many of our markets and construction schedules having to be shuffled around. So, we will open a few more stores in the second half of the year than in the first. Also, to a lesser degree, we are experiencing and adapting to longer permitting times in some of the new markets, especially in the Northern and Eastern market.  So while we would have like to be starting the first... the last half of the year with more than 90 or about 95 new stores, we will have to balance the stores in the development process and with more normal weather conditions see no issue with finishing the year on schedule.  We have expanded our footprints to 26 states with the addition to three new stores in Ohio last quarter. Texas topped the list with 13 new stores and the balance of the new stores were spread out evenly in 15 other states. Our experience is that balancing our growth throughout our markets is more manageable now that we are growing out 14 different distribution centers. The recent relocation of the Minneapolis/St. Paul DC to a state-of-the-art 328,000 square foot facility is now complete.  After the purchase of Midwest, most of our real estate work has been focused on relocations and upgrades to the original Midwest stores. We now have the majority of this work behind us and with the distribution capacity of this new DC, we will be stepping up our new store growth in Minnesota and Wisconsin markets.  Atlanta and Indy DC have plenty of growth capacity, as we continue to add new markets and grow to the Northeast. Example is the three new stores we recently put in Ohio and our current expansion into the Jacksonville, Florida market. As can be seen with our 13 new Texas stores last quarter, growth in Texas and the surrounding Southwest states continue to be good. And for that reason, we have decided to add a new distribution center in Lubbock, Texas.  Our developmental plans in the new ground-up DC calls for completion by January to February of 2009. This third Texas DC located in the western part of the state will be much closer and can more economically service a large number of our stores currently shipped from one of our DCs in Texas and Oklahoma. This in return will allow for additional distribution capacity out of some of the existing DCs that are for the most part reaching full capacity.  The obvious reason is the growth opportunity in the markets west of Lubbock such as El Paso and Eastern New Mexico that will now be within our service range. So, with these new DC expansions and the great job that our real estate team are doing, finding and developing good store sites, we continue to see good growth opportunities ahead of us.  We also relocated 10 stores to new buildings last quarter, which brings us to 16 relocations for the year. On top of these relocations, we did 20 major store innovations that brings us to 32 renovations year-to-date. We also continued to make progress towards finishing the job of installing the new dcor packages in all of our stores that we hope will be finished by the end of this year.  Now, for a quick update on store operations systems, our new LMS system or computer-based learning management is fully implemented in the stores and we are receiving excellent feedback from our team members. This training system gives us a tremendous opportunity to better educate our new team members as well as our existing team members. The rollout of our new POS or point-of-sale system is under way, is scheduled to be completed by the end of third quarter. The combination of a new training system and our new point-of-sale system creates a much more user-friendly and learning-based environment for new team members that will convert into higher customer service levels.  In motorsports marketing, we had a very busy spring with sponsorship involvements with five NASCAR events and three NHRA major sponsorships. We were also key sponsors in 12 big car events like Super Chevy Show and Ford Fun Weekend, and the largest car show in the country back to 50s in St. Paul, Minnesota.  These are major events that draw hundreds of thousands of car enthusiasts that we feel are key prime customers for O'Reilly. O'Reilly continues to also be involved in many race track and car show events at the local store market level.  To end my comments on the subject of sales, while we wished our comp sale result of 2% better reflected the outstanding effort made by our team during the quarter and it did, I want to assure you that our culture is not to be content with slow business period due to weather, high fuel prices, or the economy, and we feel there is significant opportunity to increase our market share in both the DIY and professional installer area.  O'Reilly team members know and have what it takes to grow business, which is the best availability of quality parts at competitive prices and most important, O'Reilly team members giving outstanding customer service. That being said, we are also hoping for the rest of the summer to be dry and hot. I will turn it back to Tom. 
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President of Finance: Thanks Ted. On to the numbers. Sales were up 8.8% to $643 million for the quarter with comparable store sales of 2% for stores open greater than 12 months versus 3.5% for the second quarter of 2006. Year-to-date, sales increased 11.4% to $1.26 billion on comparable store sales of 4.3% versus 3.6% in the prior year. Sales to independent jobbers for the second quarter of $12.6 million decreased 6.3% from the prior year. Gross profit was 44.7% of sales for the quarter versus 44.1% in the prior year. Year-to-date gross profit was 44.3 % of sales versus 43.8% in the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to improved product mix and distribution efficiencies.  SG&A for the quarter was 32.0% of sales versus 30.9% in the prior year. The deleverage was the result of low comp sales levels during the quarter. For the year, SG&A was 31.7% of sales versus 31.1% in the prior year. The increases as a percent of sales was primarily attributable to the higher advertising costs and increased stock option expenses.  Operating income for the quarter was 12.7% of sales versus 13.2% in the prior year. Year-to-date, operating income was 12.6 % of sales versus 12.7% in the prior year. The tax provision for the quarter was 37.0% of pre-tax income and the year-to-date tax rate of 37.1% of pre-tax income is flat with last year.  Net income for the quarter was $51.9 million, 8.1% of sales, versus $49.3 million, 8.3% of sales in the prior year. Year-to-date net income was $100.3 million versus $89.9 million in the prior year. Year-to-date net income in both years was 8.0% of sales.  Diluted earning per share for the quarter was $0.45 versus $0.43 in the prior year on 116.1 million shares, which is a 5% increase. Year-to-date EPS was $0.87 per share versus $0.78 in the prior year, an 11.5% increase.  Moving onto the balance sheet, inventory was $853 million, up $54 million from June 2006. This represents a 6.7% increase over last year versus an 11% increase in store count over the same period. Total assets were $2.2 billion, a $270 million increase from June 2006. The increase is due to increased cash on hand of $37 million and the growth in fixed assets and inventory related to store and distribution growth.  Accounts payable of $394 million was an increase of $36 million over June 2006. AP to inventory of 46.2% increased from 44.8% at June 2006. AP to inventory ratio was positively impacted by better vendor terms and improved leverage of inventory at the store level in the newer DCs.  Debt levels were $100 million at the end of the quarter versus $101 million in June of 2006. Debt to capital was 6.3% with debt to EBITDA of 0.3 times. Please note, short-term debt increased $25 million this quarter relating to our private placement note that is due in May 2008.  EBITDA for the quarter was $102 million, 15.8% of sales. Year-to-date EBITDA of $197 million is an increase of 11.8% over the prior year. Other ratios, return on equity 13.7% at the end of the quarter; return on assets 9.2%; and return on invested capital 13%.  Further financial information. During the second quarter, our LIFO reserve decreased by $18.3 million. However, $15.8 million of this decrease relates to one-time reduction in core costs that did not impact our quarterly gross margin results, nor do we expect the change to affect our gross margin results in the future.  As you will recall, cores are the portion of certain parts that are sold and then the core cost is refunded when the customer brings back the used part, which is then later remanufactured. The remaining $2.5 million reduction in LIFO reserve had a 40 basis point impact on gross margin for the quarter.  Depreciation for the quarter was $18.6 million and $36 million year-to-date. Capital expenditures $76.5 million for the quarter and $140.6 million year-to-date. Interest expense for the quarter was $0.7 million and $1.5 million year-to-date.  For the quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $63 million with the negative free cash flow of $13 million. As you will recall, our first quarter cash flow was very strong. Year-to-date cash flow from operating activities was $192 million, which represents a 55% increase over the prior year. Year-to-date free cash flow of $51 million is a $47 million increase over year-to-date June 2006.  Now on to our guidance. For the third quarter, our same-store comp sale guidance is 3% to 5%, and diluted earnings per share guidance is $0.44 to $0.48 per share verses $0.42 per share in the third quarter of 2006.  To update our full year guidance, we expect capital expenditures to come in between $240 million and $250 million, interest expense of $3 million to $4 million for the year, depreciation $72 million to $78 million, the tax rate to be between 37.0% and 37.3% for the year, free cash flow of $30 million to $40 million for the year. Our gross margin guidance for the year is 44.0% to 44.4%, revenues $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion. Our same-store... our comparable same... excuse me, our same-store sale guidance for the year has been revised to 3% to 5%, and diluted earnings per share of $1.70 to $1.77 with stock option expense.  At this time, I'd like to ask Unicky, the operator, to come back and we will be happy to answer your questions.  Question And Answer 
Operator: [Operators Instructions]. Your first question comes from Bill Sims with Citigroup 
Bill Sims - Citigroup: Thank you and good morning 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning 
Bill Sims - Citigroup: Can you compare the number of new stores that will be opened in new markets this year versus last year and then comment on the maturity curve of the stores, especially on the commercial side of the business in new markets such as Ohio compared to your existing markets? Thank you. 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Bill, you are saying... okay. If I follow your question right there, we will definitely have more new stores out of new markets this year because of... really Indy is just really in its first full year of expansion. So we are just going into Ohio and more upper Midwest markets. So I would say it would be somewhat more, although the year before was Atlanta. So, it's probably not much difference actually when you stop and think about it. 
Bill Sims - Citigroup: How should we think about new store productivity? Is there any... is there a significant difference in how a new store ramps in a new market versus existing market or is it similar? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: It depends on the market, Bill. There has been some markets in Texas where we've decided to do some back-fill where we simply had really too much business coming to one store and we were leaving business on the table by not having another store in a strategic location, and in those cases those stores will come on quicker than a new store in a new market. But in many of the what we'd consider back-fill stores, that's not the case, and they wouldn't necessarily come up quicker. So, it's pretty market unique and it just depends on the market. You mentioned Ohio specifically and the stores we have opened up in Ohio so far we have been happy with and they have been on track with what we have done in the past as far as some of our all of our new stores performance. So we don't see much difference with those stores in being a new market as compared to what our historical performance has been. 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Bill, really the retail is pretty consistent between new markets to new markets. It's the wholesale business, it comes on sometimes quick, sometimes a little slower because you are competing against a local competitor that has the market share and so it gets back to staffing the store with the right installers, service specialist. 
Bill Sims - Citigroup: I understand, I appreciate it. Thank you, good luck. 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Armando Lopez with Morgan Stanley. 
Armando Lopez - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning everyone. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning. 
Armando Lopez - Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of quick questions. I guess, first on the CapEx, I think you said it was $240 million to $250 million, which is up a little bit from the old guidance. Could you may be just talk a little bit about that? 
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President of Finance: Thanks for your question Armando. This is Tom. Through the year, we have looked at it and we always look at what the payback on our investments are. Our distribution centers have shown a great ability to use automation to become much more efficient. And when we build the new distribution centers we look and say, we try new things and the things that work and have a good return on investment will roll back to older DC. So that's the portion of it. The other portion we talked a little bit about it in the last conference call was we decided to make a major investment in the store computing power and are replacing all the AS400s in all the stores. So that's a big investment for us. As we continue to add more tools into the store that are computer-based such as the scheduling system, we have the requirement for some more horsepower there. 
Armando Lopez - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. And then can you just... you commented on the comp sales ex-Texas and Oklahoma, I think. Could you talk a little bit about maybe the trend during the quarter? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: The trend was coming out of March, April with winter coming back, it slowed down immediately and we had... April was pretty slow. It kind of that leveled out in the middle of the quarter and then stayed consistent towards the end of the quarter. Around the end of June, first of July, we've had some pick-up. 
Armando Lopez - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. And then just one last one, how are you thinking about capital allocation now in terms of buybacks and dividends? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Our plan right now is to continue using our free cash to grow the company. At some point we may change our mind on that, but today we would like to have some dry powder in and we are looking to our future growth and the possibility of more consolidation in the industry. So, for the time being, we are going to continue to use our capital to grow, but we don't rule out the possibility of buying back stocks at some point in the future, possibly paying a dividend, more unlikely on the dividend probably. 
Armando Lopez - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks a lot guys. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys, how are you? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good. How are you doing Scot? 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Good. Just wanted to verify something. I guess it's Tom's comments. Basically you guys are talking about slightly lower comps, down a point on each side of the range, but basically the same earnings as what you had suggested in your previous commentary given I guess that this quarter was a little bit lower than what people were expecting. Is that the right way to view it? 
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President of Finance: Well, I think our full year guidance is a penny lower on the high side than the low side than our original guidance going into the year. 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that was number one. And then you did provide us some detail in terms of Oklahoma and Texas, what the comps were doing without those as well as the decline that we had seen in air conditioning products. Can you help quantify those numbers, what percentage of sales is Texas and Oklahoma and what percentage of sales is AC during these months? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Probably we don't have those numbers here with us. We just yesterday afternoon decided to cap our comps in different ways considering these rainy markets, and we really didn't quantify that. If you want to call back, we can give you more information about the regions in Texas and Oklahoma. We typically don't like to talk about by market volumes just because it is a little bit of a competitive situation and in my product line I don't have the percentage that air conditioning represents of our business this time of the year. 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. It sounds like it's fair to say that weather had a pretty extreme impact on this particular quarter. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: No question about it, especially in Texas and Oklahoma, which are big regions for us, and those are big areas of our market area, and they... when we talk about rain, I may have even said it lightly, they had flooding condition. A lot of markets simply had downpours that flooded various areas and simply shut down business for some period of time. And we didn't talk about Kansas just very much. I mentioned the refineries were shut down, but those markets out there were also very impacted by flooding conditions. But we chose to take Oklahoma and Texas out simply because those were what we felt to be the most impacted by the heavy rains. 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks a lot guys. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Baker from Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, thanks. So just on that sort of flooding question. Historically when the weather gets drier, do you see any kind of pickup in demand? In other words, does flooding and the rain, we know that people don't work in their cars when it rains and that's what has hurt your business, but is there any kind of damage that has s sustained to automobiles and then does that help to drive comps in the subsequent quarters? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yeah, really there's a couple of factors. One, like you said, people typically don't work on their cars, especially ones that have to work on them outside. So, there's some deferred maintenance, just people that maybe weren't in flooding conditions, but because of an extended period of rain when they were off work didn't work on their cars. So there's a little bit of pent-up demand created just from that alone, and we saw that in weekends where we had heavy rainfall in Texas that really slowed the DIY business down. And then from a demand standpoint created by flood damage, yes, if cars are in flooded areas, there are several things that happen; one, the bearings that can be under water, the wheel bearings and front axle bearings, those of course can sustain damage over time. If the water gets high enough, of course, it gets in to the transmission and differentials and transaxles depending on the type of vehicle we're talking about, and those fluids have to be changed and those filters have to be changed and things like that. And there can be starter motor damage, various things. And we experienced a flood down in Houston back, I think it was in 2000, maybe 2001, heavy flood and we saw a lot of demand in things like transmission filter kits and transmission fluids where the fluid had to be completely changed. We simply couldn't keep up with the demand. As a matter of fact, all the part stores down there were running out of transmission fluid. We're heavy in Houston and AutoZone is heavy in Houston and both of us were running all those kinds of products 
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities: So what kind of lag do you typically see before you start to see that kind of demand? If the same thing plays out as happened in Houston in the past, would that be a third quarter benefit or fourth quarter benefit? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, Houston was extreme. I use that as an example just to define what can happen in a flood. The effect or the positive effect happens pretty much directly following the clearing of the rain because the cars in many cases will be inoperable. So the effect is positive right away for the fluids and so forth. Now axle bearing damage and stuff like that can be some time down the road. Bearing gets wet, there is rain and water and the bearings are sealed to some degree, so they are made to withstand some exposure to moisture. But over time the bearing gets damaged. So there is some sustained benefit over time because of the bearings being damaged. But you may not see that... it depends on how far the car, how long the car is driven and the extent of the damage, but it could be several months or a year 
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. That's very helpful. One more, if I could. Just in the third quarter guidance and then the full year guidance, what is assumed in terms of leveraging comps? If you have a 3% to 5% comp called for at the mid-point, do you expect to leverage your SG&A? You didn't in the first quarter on a 7% comp, but I imagine you can pull back some expenses? 
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President of Finance: Yes, we feel like 3%, 3.5% in the third quarter we will leverage our SG&A percentage. 
Michael Baker - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great, thank you very much, very helpful. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Hi, thanks. Good morning gentlemen. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning Tony. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Greg, if look over the last 12 to 15 and business has clearly been difficult and you think about the mindset of the consumer as one of deferral, as vehicles age and the replacement of critical parts increases and basically fewer dollars then are spent on more normalized maintenance, if that deferral purchase more permanent on the part of the consumer, how do you then drive average ticket up and how do you upsell when all consumers thinking about saving money with respect to automotive repair? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, first, it depends on the kind of items that we're talking about. The air conditioning, for instance, yes, a car that may be is worth, I don't know, say, $10,000, it's a used car that's 5, 6 years old and it sold new for $20,000 and it's now worth $10,000, the AC doesn't work. The consumer decides to drive the car without AC and just roll the windows down. At the point they decide to trade cars, they really almost have to have the air conditioner fixed or take one huge hit on the trade-in value. Cars just don't worth much without the air conditioning working because the AC repairs can be so expensive. So, it depends on the type of repair. Over time, cars have to be maintained correctly. If a car isn't maintained correctly, it becomes unsafe. For instance, brake pads. If the brake pads are worn to the point that it damages the rotor, yes, you can put brake pads back on a rotor that doesn't have a clean surface or the correct kind of surface, but it is going to wear pads up quicker and so it's going to be brake pads in 15,000 or 20,000 miles as opposed to maybe 30,000 or 40,000 miles. And at some point, the consumer is going to decide, listen, it's ridiculous from me not to replace the rotors and pick this thing right, but I'll do it more in better economic times when I have more cash in my pocket. So that's basically my feeling, Tony. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And just a follow-up, are you seeing on the part of professional installer base, are they commenting on the lifecycle of parts, are they lasting a little bit longer and is that enabling the consumer to push out repairs as well? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, some parts are. If you look at, say, starters and alternators, for instance, a lot of the cars these days are made with better starters and alternators than they used to have. But at the same time, back when the starters and alternators failed on the cars a lot, the cars didn't have all these sensors that they have on them now that fail. So there is a lot of offset to the various components that now last longer than what they did at one point because the individual components are better, and then offset is that the cars have mush more technology on them today and that technology is driven through a series of sensor that feeds the computer data and those sensors fail. And all of us that are in this business, us and all of our competitors are very much in this sensor and computer system business because they are primary parts of car today. So, to me there is at least a full offset if not a positive offset to the some of the components that are lasting longer. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. And Tom, can I just get a point of clarification on the core write down, was that a function of you had core values there that you just weren't collecting the cores for or were they core values that were overstated and you need to bring back to sort of a price that is more reflective of today's prices? 
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President of Finance: More similar to your second comment. This particular line has become a line that has been heavily imported from China. The Chinese product is not re-manufacturable, but it's comparably priced. So from a demand standpoint and an uncertainty of origin standpoint, the value of the cores to rebuild for a new replacement or a new remanufactured units has gone down, thus reducing the value of those. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Is this axles? 
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President of Finance: We don't want to comment on any particular venue line. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. 
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President of Finance: Thanks though, Tony. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thanks guys. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Thanks. Greg, for what it's worth, I was in two of your stores in Dallas last Sunday afternoon and they were packed. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Great. We are glad to hear it. 
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Two questions, first, in using the publicly available data to measure new store productivity, that measure has weakened for the last four or five quarters and obviously a lot of variables can influence that measure, but can you just walk us through the first year sales volume of a new store and then how that grows in the following year or two? 
Tom McFall - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President of Finance: I will go ahead and answer that question. Over the last three or four quarters, the business hasn't been what we would like to be in the total. So the new stores are going to perform a little less, but we continue to be in a historically... our historic band of what new performance should be. First year should be around $900,000. Second, when I say year I mean first 12 months should be around $900,000; second 12 months $1.1 million, third $1.2 million to $1.3 million, four $1.3 million to $1.4 million and then we hit maturity. 
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: And you're thinking the last three or fourth quarters the annual run rate has been somewhat below that $900,000? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: We look at them at store class and there's a number of different variables, some of the stores have been a little above that and some have been below but pretty cost to that average. 
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: And then my follow-up. The inventory per square foot appears to be down about 4% year-over-year which is remarkable given sales came in below plan. Can you just remind us as to how you tweak that inventory level down and if there is any risk that your purchase discounts for the year could be in jeopardy given the volume of inventory you are buying is probably less than what you had originally projected? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well we recalculate the value of those potential rebates every quarter, so they are trued up quarterly and we keep those in check. So part of the impact on the quarter for inventory of course was the deflation of the core value to some degree. And then also just our... we have a lot of confidence as I said in my prepared comments that our inventory systems are improving everyday. We put a lot of effort in technology into making sure that we make wise decisions with inventory investments and that we put the right inventory in each store.  And I talked about this before in the past when we originally implemented it. But we do things like make available to our distribution centers for replenishment, inventory in the stores that is not selling or is on the tail end of the demand curve, things start tailing, if it's something you had in a lot of stores rather than buying more from the vendor because the distribution center has run out, we create in our computer system basically a virtual distribution center from which our distribution centers buy from our stores. They ship it, we run trucks five times a week, they don't come back full from the stores, so we ship merchandize from our stores back to our DCs to replenish our distribution centers as inventory starts coming down. That's just one of several things that we do to help streamline inventory mixture that we minimize the investment, yet maximize the potential for sale.  So I give a lot of credit to the guys here in the company, they developed this and continue to enhance it ongoing as it relies on data relative to the vehicles that exist in the market, demand and similar vehicle demographic areas in the country in which we do business for new stores and I think it has a very positive effect on our ability to keep our inventory investment down-handed and to grow sales. And I don't think that there is any risk of us having rebate issues at the year of the year because of the process that we go through and finance to true-up our rebate expectation based on the most recent quarter result. 
Dan Wewer - Raymond James: Right. Thanks and good luck. 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: Good Morning. 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Good morning. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: Could you maybe talk about the specific areas within Texas that were impacted for instance for your Southern Texas stores impacted by the flooding in the rains or was this more of a Dallas and up in lower Oklahoma deal? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: It was Houston also. I think DFW was impacted a little more than Houston or at least for a longer term than what Houston was. I think Houston had some really bad weather also from a rain perspective. But I think it was extended from a time perspective more in Dallas Fort Worth and Southern Oklahoma moreso than it was in Southern Texas. The actual flooding was fairly isolated, it just a continuous downpour of rain after rains after rains and a very cool temperatures too. I mean probably more so than the rain, the fact that it's being like... the humidity has been great in Texas, people down there think that they are in Southern California this year compared to previous years and there is just been no heat, and heat's what tears up starters and alternators and hoses and batteries, everything. So, hopefully its going to warm out now. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: Okay. As far as the timing goes, it sounds like most of it was towards the end of June because of the bad weather, it sounds like business has down-stacked a little bit, can you quantify that a little bit? Which place may be? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes, the issues we talked about were more... they started out with the winter weather in April, but the rain and so forth were more May and June. They were kind of periodic throughout the quarter. Then what was your next question... what was the other question? 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: Yes, the question was that you indicated that it sounds like business bounced back a little bit -- 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: Before it reached the quarter [ph]? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: And they had. July has been a little stronger and again I don't want to give you exactly where we are at, comp store-wise for the quarter at this point because we compare periods a little unevenly with regard to weekends because of our three months equals a quarter and I think and then weekends have such an impact on our business. But if you just compare the individual weeks and we got three weeks passed in the quarter, if you compare the individual weeks with the three weeks we've had in the quarter, we've had two weeks of strong business on... at the very upper end of our guidance range and then one week is a little weaker than that. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: And lastly, can you just talk about any competitive price issues going on particularly in the DIY segment? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well... I mean it's always competitive and there is no question that both Advance and Auto Zone are strong competitors of ours from a DIY standpoint. There's been no maker changes in the competitive position that we have seen and we shop a number of items every week to see if it's been a move across categories and probably the one that we have seen the most moves in over the past three or four years has been motor oils and various kinds of petroleum fluids, but there has been no major change in strategy that we've noticed during the past quarter. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: That's all I have, thank you. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Cumberland with Robert Baird. 
David Cumberland - Robert Baird: Good morning. On the LIFO reserve reduction, the 2.5 million part of that; what was the reason for that, and do you expect additional reductions in the second half? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Actually most of that relates to the capitalized portion of wages that are in our inventory and as we hit the summer months we become more efficient which creates a LIFO adjustment in the first and fourth quarter where business is slower, we are not quite as efficient as distribution centers; we see that reversed. But we would expect that our LIFO would be close to zero for the remainder of the year. 
David Cumberland - Robert Baird: Thank you, that's it. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot and good morning to you. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning Matt. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: I would like to focus on gross margins primarily if I look at your guidance 44.0 to 44.4, it would imply that high end margins that are up only marginally for the second half of the year much less than you've seen year-to-date and at the low end it would factor in some declines. So I am trying to get a sense of whether there's some core drivers to that view or whether it's general conservatism and is part of that whether that relates to the different tactics you said you pursue this year in terms of thinking about the timing of under-review recognition? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, there's a couple of things: one, our previous guidance prior to just announcing that our guidance was 44 to 44.4 was 43.8 to 44.2. So we increased it by 20 basis points and part of that is due to... we feel like our margin is expanding a little bit due to product mix like we said and part of that comes from private label alliance where we feel like consumers are opting to buy more private label lines to save some money as opposed to branded products. Private labels typically have a little better gross margin. And thinking that that trend may change we constantly try to sell up to the branded products based on the size of the ticket and so forth and as that changes that would have some impact on gross margin. We raised our guidance 20 basis points because of our feelings that we can't sustain much or all of the benefits that we gained in distribution and they will continue to benefit from the investments that we've made in distribution and that's the reason for the change. So you can say it's a little bit maybe conservatism but really we feel like it's pretty realistic and that we are comfortable 44 to 44.4 for our gross margin guidance. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Is it your sense that the marginal business that you think you'll recapture as the trends return to normal would be a lower margin business; I don't know if it's actually sensitive business? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes, just slightly. Sometimes like the brake pad -- a brake pad through $9.99 or you can buy break pad for the same car for $36.99. Well $9.99 brake pad has a real healthy margin but it's not a very big ticket. The $36.99 brake pad maybe doesn't have quite as much margin but it's a lot more gross profit dollars and a bigger sale. And we sell up to that higher ticket and I think as the consumers get more adapt to the higher fuel prices and those prices get build into the event... to the budget, many will make the decision to go ahead and buy the better value product which in many cases is the more expensive product but that product caries a slighter less gross margin. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Got you. And then just one quick follow-up. Gas prices have been an issue for some time on a year-to-year basis. They finally flattened out I guess in the past week or two, I am not sure if consumers think about sequential trends year-to-year, if they think about $3 sticker shock situation. But as you've watched fuel prices and I imagine you are watching them more closely than in years past. Are you seeing much correlation as those fluctuate or is that too precise of an analysis to look at? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes, it's a little too precise analysis to look at. In all markets especially where we've had kind of regional swings. Around Memorial Day there was a lot of volatility because of the supply and some markets just got a little higher or faster than other markets then this deal out in Kansas happened where these refineries flooded and it basically shutdown the supply line to several markets and gas for no reason. As a matter of fact it got higher in some market supplied out there than it was in many places in the country which gas would typically be a lot higher and that of course had an impact.  So we really don't see an immediate co-relation. My thought is that consumers are getting used to the fact that gas prices are higher. There's not so sticker shock. Yet the effect that higher gas prices has had on their overall financial condition has been tough and it's going to take a little while for most consumers to recover from that. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you guys. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sonnek with FBR. 
Jeff Sonnek - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Thank you. Can you just characterize a little bit for us just traffic versus ticket, any directional trends you want to comment on there? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well, obviously traffic wasn't as good as we would like. Traffic is not as much of a contributor as we would have liked it to have been. Our ticket average continues to incrementally increase, but again not as much we would like it to. It's really kind of a hit. We've been kind of increasing it pretty well for the last year or two or three years and it's hit a little bit of a flatter spot and that tickets are... tickets were lower that we would have liked also. 
Jeff Sonnek - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: And now I mean I know weather was the big kind of negative during the quarter but you also made some commentary in your prepared remarks about the air conditioning business, etc. Number one, can you kind of help us think about what influence that had in the second quarter and then secondly describe as the kind of air-conditioning comparison in the third quarter. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Well I mentioned earlier that I don't have the numbers on or I can't really quantify the air-conditioning impact on our overall financials. I can't tell you that that typically would be a product category that would grow in line with our overall growth. And this year not on a comp store basis but on a total sales basis, it's down a little bit over 10% and that it's a discretionary product and down... I can't quantify that any further because I don't have the byline numbers with me in order to quantify that. But it has some... it has a meaningful impact on our comparable store sales for a couple of reasons: one, we missed the air-conditioning sale but typically with an air-conditioning sale there's some other things that go along with it. There's maybe bells, could be cooling system issues with hoses and thinks like that. So the air-conditioning repairs are good sales and big tickets and this time of the year when you are comparing to periods when air-conditioning business was normal, you take a little bit of a hit by not doing as much as what you have done previous periods which is the case right now. 
Jeff Sonnek - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: And then just finally, can you just make same comments, just get us up-to-date on where we are at with all these new kind of distribution center processes, voice-activated pick, slotting, etc. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes, well its all going real well. We continue to roll out voice-activated pick and we have it in about half our distribution centers which all of our distribution centers don't have the base operating system that would allow them to have voice activated pick. And we still have some distribution centers that operate on a base... on a paper base system and those attribution centers don't have voice activated technique alone until we make a decision to switch them over to the other system. So we continue to see good results of that and we are very happy that this past quarter even with diesel prices being as high as they were and energy prices for utilities being... continue to be high that we had a decrease in our distribution expense which was a contributor to a portion of our gross margin gain.  On the slotting, we continue to use that and that's another one that continues to generate benefits along with the computer systems that we put on the trucks that allow us to kind of monitor the behavior of the drivers and the idle times, the ship patterns and all the things that allows us to incentivize our drivers to be more conservative with fuel and that's generated positive return. So we continue to look for things in distribution. As a matter of fact that distribution center we just relocated in St. Paul. We put some technology in there that we've used in one or two other DCs that it wouldn't be common. New things like carousels where the pick is brought to the picker as apposed to the picker going to the part just as the machine rotates and brings parts to people which creates a lot of efficiency, we use a lot of carton flow in our newer distribution centers.  So we continue to look for ways to leverage technology to improve productivity and today we are very happy with all the investments that we have made and are looking for new investments to make in the future. 
Jeff Sonnek - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Great, best of luck. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company: Hi, good morning. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Good morning Sharon. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company: I was hoping to get some more detail on the results so far from the new labor scheduling system that you implemented around I think the end of last year, what have you been seeing there, and what impact if any are you seeing at the top line in customer service? 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Well Sharon, the time of the year it's kind of difficult to measure the result, summer and of course the little bit flatter sales than what we would have liked to have had. And you don't start pulling back labor when anytime things can change plus you are in the middle of vacation time and so we are using it very conservatively right now; again more of an offence of looking for opportunities to improve our customer service level and definitely you know where we have stores there on the higher side of what payroll they should have, we're moving payroll around. Managers are becoming much more comfortable using it and believing in it, that's just totally new to them and so we hope this fall as we start changing our scheduling models to prepare for winter business, it will really come into play, and they will be much more at ease using it. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company: And when you talk about that in the fall, do you think about that more as an opportunity to offer better customer service and get incremental sales or to right-size labor to the sales trend? 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Definitely store by store, it depends on where that individual store is in their sales maturity and what their current payroll is and what we think it should be. When you put new stores in, we definitely let them have plenty of payroll to get to that second, third, forth year sales volume maturity. So it will depend on the store and the market and how the sales are growing. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair and Company: Well, thanks. I hope it gets hot in Texas. 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Thanks. Hope it does [ph]. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Balter with Credit Suisse. 
Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. It's actually Seth Basham for Gary. Few quick questions for you as most of ours have been answered. First just to clarify, for the three weeks of this quarter the markets of Texas and Oklahoma, are they running higher than the company average in terms of comps. 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: I didn't bring that. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: We didn't bring that information with us. One of the weeks I know for sure that they had but I didn't bring the spread sheet with me that shows all of the consolidated. 
Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. And then finally I think, Ted and Greg, you guys have talked about it in the past, when times get tough in this industry it leads to potential shakeout. More competitors might go out of business and lead to potential for more consolidation, is that your... still your frame of mind and do you see more acquisitions [ph] potentially on the horizon? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Yes. We feel like that overtime some of the companies that are still out there... most of our good companies... there are companies that have even weathered a lot of consolidation and a lot of competition and... but our feeling is that long-term some of those companies will be consolidated into other companies and, yes, we would... part of our growth strategy is to periodically try to digest a sizeable acquisition and with Mid-West now digested we would... we ran across one that was a good opportunity for us, we would certainly be interested in taking a look at it. 
Ted Wise - Chief Operating Officer and Co-President: Yes, you are right. There seems to be quite a few more independent stores closing down this year. We got a chance and we've looked at a lot of them and we are more opportunistic and if the store is ready to close down, that's probably not a very good acquisition. So we have been real selective on a lot of these singles this year and for that reason we really haven't done a lot of acquisitions on just a store-by-store basis. 
Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you gentlemen and good luck. 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks Seth. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for question and answers. Are their any closing remarks? 
Greg Henslee - Chief Executive Officer and Co-President: Thanks everyone for your attention on the call and like I said earlier we are hoping for a hot remainder of the summer and we will talk to you at the end of the third quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today's O'Reilly Auto Parts 2007 second quarter earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.
